 *epteaa- <Hfferect appose,touithttme,ro-th with to." S*V•Any nat-' Thomas takeon* |liffairs,he acl are sebad" ;i&iica*as w e do, thatthere [SrstWhig'after the^ryfeody. is, he hair?hes seen the'Vtfaig•- < t o f o r mdeplere*. talk as bo if public *tt8 Legia-member, was atot speech aaid .[time, oattl SWebster SMttiai as.that' the they saH, o*it iasia-I•:»r those r. WuUam *£, &r thewhile Mr. iassjfes of- ;toc; » d•tricfc, or >sa, good, jdom andenough; ion scares folly a s w e of a greatputs in the Whefe party m [orth ? O r ;s that hidEh, h e m a y •tact with- Unwnitee the cate- na avowal lot, nolens Ivise hi»<K A D E . excellent; >n'to the le in fancyAmerica, ned for i t ia Cases]inihropy."rpir*to \Xrlcw, a».i adidre4*e4 uiMst !•<ie-*e»to Slarerr. iU-M tho B*M sr?ry oras?•;iii«»rritudo.«iarect£»«a upt*d to de- e*«d Lias Ca«as1^ Of U»3M promised <4 by d«*tfa s_- prepared is* with tiu?aid become iooc pereos&t-«a:h proposi- importatioai st*ac« the pc*- >vatiath*af->h£l«4 T. In. >. Jiasi Aroh-• waxxid hamp MOMt» M-o'her nation* text that they *•, hebrought cal authority, ey bo oat of •«rUberty,andmay have tt^rs were ad- \ Chaxubor of theae ordi-of Brazil ii« itoiVIL zeal- •rforthocoat- *. It W Kane Itolic :<-•t»-n of V j . ni.vi^jj thet». who prescbBancroft, says'ortuju-^e the etw«oa Africa•«ii»d » work ic*, tilavtryiit. Ju.'-iic*&. Co.,ofhi*prede- oepicjt tho I*' lli'U tO J»W1», :h and iur 1^ad- iid ti»^ "Pope*\'+ is a i pfi*- E%C Pojp« «*«- £fa«e-TVo4£xt-B.ook" tid«I nor state enanced t h e svUtitutiott. Hans; This i ulence a n d >< Judgment erected by w e x p r e s s l yade,though >res«ly emp- i.The Tablet:jandSpaa- icthrough- y were t h eicanSlave- egion aa re- nd focua o ' beCatholic iiiusthave this traffics gains. I t >f theAiri- ourCitya» » o r i o g u e s e V :t w history ida, cursedWTien w e ie Catholic reat, iu alltBfeLatin CatboBc coimxium|ies, vhenettrn&tly putforthy wethink!evenTa«Tablet willad- mitthatthepreaumptiojj.evenifmistaken,that theChurchof Bornehad countenancedtheSlave-. Shocking Railroad Accident. FIVE PERSONS KJCXEBANDTWEISTY-FIVEINJURED.CHICAGO, Saturday,Sept.15,1860.ffAx\D-.SHELLADDRESS.<** i i m, P**k« Of Kansas (o«efeoC\to the i comforts of social life, and of a sound, good, religious, and public education, the orphans who are left to wander on the streets by the lake side.far as her power and her will could command the fu- ture, Slavery should cease forever; first, by abolishing the African slave-trade, which would bring about;' ulti- mately the cessation' or domestic Slavery; and, in the second place, b y declaring that her consent to the ces- sion of territory north-west of the Ohio, of whichyou occupy so beautiful a part, was given with the express condition that it should never be the home of Slaveryhave to maintain your principles in' opposition, al- though, I trust,'not in defiance of them; and that, for the simple reason that in the great year 1787, when Mr. Jefferson proposed that Slavery should be e x - cluded in all the j public domain of the United States), lying southwest, as well as that lying northwest, of the Ohio River , those States h a d not the forecast, h a d not the judgment,, to surrender, the temporary conve- niences and advantages of Slavery, and to elect, aa your ancestors chose for you, the great system of free" labor. They chose Slavery, a n d tuey nave to drag out, for some years yet, not long[ not <so long as some of you will live,! but still so long that they will be a drag and a weight upon your movements, instead of lending you assistance—they have got to drag out, to the end, their system of slave labor. '""\•*Aof the Kepufclic, the system and principles of JX** I contest at the capital, and to send their noble and trteTrade, was one r*ry easiljr fallen into."-priufriends Of Breck-,rril LATtST NEWS, Brfreighttrain,.whichhadflaggedfromRacine. .Five to''actforthefriends;-c^M=P^Breck^fge;an* practicablje,forthepurpoieoforgaSaturn. The oneoftwosystems,orbybothcombined. Anaristoc- reasonis>^f^J^»Poftetly.plain. Yoursoilhadproposed by the Generjal Land-Office to havethe boundary surveyed under the joint supervision of the Surveyor-General o | Oregon and Washington,mail passed.It is also reported that the Indians of New-Mexicohave recommenced hostilities.The late mail, bound from Mesilla to Santa Fen w a sattacked by the Navajos, the conductor and. driver killed, and the mails and coach entirely destroyed..The Government mules a t Fort'Craig had been stolen by the Indians.•Steamboat Disasters.LOUISVILLE, Saturday, Sept. 15,1860. The steamer City of Louisiana, chartered by the Memphis and St. Louis Packet Company, snagged and sunk at Hat Island, I n the Miasissippi. She will prob-ably be raised.The steamer B . J . Adams, due here today fromNew-Orleans, struck a snag near Helena, ArkT, tearing out two ladies' staterooms, and slightly damaging theState Committee on that day having been informed' recollections. I obeyed the command of the/Republi-through the public press that a Sub-Committee bad can people of Wisconsin to appear before them on this, been named by the Douglas State Committee, " to con- the lotulday of September, and as I approached theyor familiar in t h e determination of. latitudes;;To the Aoaociated Proas.W ASHINGTON,BelaB. Streety has b » u . appointed Postmaster atLyons, Wayne Co., N.jTi M. Leon Schisand has beenrecognized bythe.PievidentasConsular Agentof Prance, resident at Norfolk. Mr.Fr«-BCott, Assistant Secretary o f State,jirrivt d here o n Thursday. M r . Appleton, America^ Minister to Russia, has reached St. Peteraborg. Mr.PicSenB, his predecessor, was to leave a t once, returning tk > this country.Mew-Jersey Conjnressional Nomina- tion.N E W A X X , Saturday, Sept. 15,1860. The Piith IHstrict Re1 publican Congressional Con- vention is in session heje this afternoon. Speaker Pennington will berenoi>ioated by acclamation. He has withdrawn his letter <ir declination aud will accept.Gov. Jotinwoiijin'Philadelphia. pHiLAnsi.PHijj Saturday, Sept. 15,1860.Concert H^dl w a s oomfi rtably filled this evening b v the Douglas democracy. 'Hon. R. Kneass presiclecL <3ov. Johnson w a s very .es thnsiaeticaliy received. After expressing his thanks for, his warm recepuon2 he en- tered into a- hne of argnnaj mt similar to that which char- acterized his (peech attbi Douglas barbacne in New- York, Tne e weaker -wasj very hoarse, and the delivery of bis speech caused himi considerable effort. -Numer- ous Ward delegations w e 'e present, with music, trans- parencies,&c., A n annonymous adveriisement appeared in a morn- ing paper, inviting all 1 eaxocrats to attend this meet- ing, in order to prevent the indorsement of -what is catted the " bogus Forney monj.nrel electoral ticket,"/ but no disturbance took place.beautiful seaport, if I may so call the city that crowns the shores oif Lake Michigan,. and affords entrance to this magnificent State, I had anticipated, because I had be- come habituated to, a welcome that should be.dis-' tinguifh'ed by the' light of a thousand torches, and by the voices of music and of cannon.. But the angel of death passed just before m e on the/way, and instead of footstep's lighted with the greeting of thousands of m y fellow-citizens, I found only a thick darkness, in- creased,' a s only nature's darkness can be, b y the weep- ing and wailing o f mothers for the loss o f children,'and refusing to be comforted. I have been quite unable to rise from that sudden shock; to forget toat instead of the voice of a kind and meiry and genial welcome, I heard only mourning and lamentation in the streets. •Will speak in Independence Square on Monday evening, and asthiswillbethefiiptcampaignspeechof import- ance, and he may be called npon to de'fine bis positionresult of the Squatter Sovereignty doctrine. W e thereforecallupon all National Democratsto.rallyin behalf ofourprinciples andourcandidates. Weasksoon afterward on the Piseus of Athens.AgainIfound myself on.the banks of the Tiber.Stilt- advancing westward, I rested under the shade ofafter the passage o f those noble acts for the foundationof liberty on .tbe North American continent, beforethere came over the nation a tide o f demoralization, the resultsofwhich,comingonuswithsuchfearfulrapidity, you. You have no reliant surpass almost our power to describe or to sufficientlyPHILAUZLPHJI A , Saturday, Sept. 15,1860.District X.—CHAS. HKNDLKY of Newport; manufacturer.the city of established empire for tbe present generation of men^and of influence over the deetinies of mankind. [Applause.] Empire moves far more rapidly in mod-, ern than it did in ancient times. The empire estab-! lithediat Washington is of less than a hundred years'.seen the people of the United States, for it is of no useto cast responsibility on parties, or.adniinistrations, or been, that haveJcontrolled,the dietiny of the nation torett at the Republican! serenade to Mr. Shermanon Monday evening. j3Para<le of theIjSt. Louis Paid Fire Department*ST. Loiiis, So.turd*y,'Sept. 15,1860. The paid Fire Department celebratedjibeir third an-•niversary yetterday by a grand parade duriog the day and supper in the evening.Dming the parade afire broke •out in the carpenter shofo of Theocore? Weber on HicK- ory street. Two engint 8 were dispatched to the scene ofconflagration, and rescued a large^ amount of prop- erty. A high wind was blowing at the time. Loss$10,000; insured $4,000. Telegraphic Suit.Bos-j ON, Saturday, Sept. lo, 1860. - Before referees, a suit ha*»been brought by F . O. J.FIRE IN EAST SIXTEENTH STREET—DESTRUCTION misled Southern Democrats'as can be deluded and de-act of b^ing transferred from the thirteen States East ofhe Alleghany Mountains and on the coast of the At-lantic ]0«ean,*to the twenty States that lie West of theAlleghanies, and stretch away from their base to thebase oif the Rocky Mountains. The political power ofThe Prince o f Wales. NIAGARA FAiir,», Saturday, Sept. 15,1860.indulge in a smile of delight as he .views his various sources of wealth, so much more plentiful-than in years past. Wheat is being threshed, and marketed at 80c.it is ear-twnativefcnttostandto our'guns andmakethe best fightwedan.l?^1*^^***?****JUAGWETICTfELEGRAPILWaiktitAgtoii,^.^1»W^tchtoTheN.T.Tri WASHJTON,Sept.16,1860.MR. CXKJfik^AN AOA S$T MR. DOUGLAS. Mr.Cliogman ofKo Carolina goes against "Mi.Dougla»,becauseth< latterhasdeclaredthat hewfflaasiat,ifMr.Lincolnshouldbeelected,toen-force the Constitution ana the laws of the country.H e baa been a friend of the Judge, not only per-sonally.butpolitically, andhisdefectionhasthere- 1ThedwellingofRufosGordon,onemileeastofthistiveCommiiteeofwhichGov.IsaacL. Stevensis•votetothepollsinNovemberinfavorof.Brecku**11£® woksohcompulsion,andundertheconstraintof longs,forevejyoneoi^ouownthelandyoucultivate, Chairman, a Convention unsurpassed 'for intelligence, and LaneJ B y order of the National 8tate Commi tee. torce; and in either case he takes that which may re- and no btrmar being that has ever trodden it has wornibre created a great deil of surprise among the Douglasmen. Butheisjacandidateforreelection to the Senate, and hinc ill £ lachrymal.GOVERNMENT^ KX. MA TTERS. Commissioner Greenv*ood, of the Indian De-partment, had arrived atjFort Benson on the 10thinat.. £ James N . Carpenter, a clerk in the General Land Office, hasbeen appointed a paymaster in the U.- S.Navy. B •,t The Presidenthasissuedaproclamation forthe galeof231,000acresofjandintheStateofArkan- sas, which have not heretofore been offered at pub- lic sale.. • jCongress having made an appropriation of$4,500 for the survey of the 46th parallel of northlatitude, s o far a s i t constitutes a common boundarybetween Oregon and Washington Territory, itiB Station. The mules had not been recovered when thelaspartyanditsalliesupona single ticket forPreBi>denialElectorsandStateOfficers.Byanalmostthatisshiningdownupon.us—suchasunasnature, muchlessmonopolizetbelaborbywhichthelaudson RiverandthegreatMesandtheMississippi?Iaara n dskillfulSept. 16, I860.The Prince o f Wales'' m d Royal partvwent under Eer bushel. Large yields are frequent around.here; the Falls, visited- the museum, <fcc, this afternoon. •om 85 to 45 bushels per acre are among actual facts.'They went to see Blond n carry a man across the rope •onhisback,andwalkonstilts. ThePrincewas greeted everywhere witfi enthusiastic cheers from theassembled crowd.ThirdRegimentofConnecticut. _ NEWLoRnoN, Ct.,Saturday, Sept.15,1860.T h e a n n u a l p a r a d e off t h e T h i r d R e g i m e n t o f t h e StateTroopa-undertheCommandofCol.W.O.Irish, >came oif in this city to-day. The Regiment comprises •all the military complies, of the county. Governor Buckingham and suite iteviewed the troops this after-Ward police last night arrested a young man named•John Connel; charged with passing counterfeit bills on aud support the principles and candidates of their ownF A T AL ACCIDENT.—Thomas Moxham, a lad sixteen noon. A great multitude of people assembled here to years of age, Eon of Policeman Moxham, had his ribsIn manyrespectstheGovernmentofEngland, though more aristocratic, is still less monarchical than our own. Thei British Empire exists to-day only by recognizirg and gradually adopting the great truth that if the Brit-—A correspondent writes us from Sloansville, Scho-Now,alltheseevilswould have happened,allthis wasaprouddayforoldSchoharie. Thepeopleassem-abandonmentoftheContinentofNorthAmericato bledfromallpartsofthecounty,inmassmeeting,to Slavery would have happened, and have been inev-itable,hadresistancetoitdependedaloneonthe henumberofFiveThousand.SenatorJOHNP.HALS people of the thirteen original States. W e were al- made one of Ms most eloquent and effective speechee,witness the display..SailingofthePalestine. MoNTKEAaL, Saturday, 8ept 15, 1860.ThesteamshipPalesitiaesailedforQuebecat9:40 ium., with 48 passengers for Liverpool.. Weather clear and calm.G a s E x p l o s i o n at Boston. BosTPN Saturday,Sept.15,1860.brokenandwas otherwiseso muchinjuredyesterdaymorningthathediedinanhourthereafter,inconse- 'ardandLincoln. Menmusttakegroundeitherforor France,theothergreatEuropeanpowerwhichseemsquence of a horse which, he was riding stumbling andfallinguponhim.Hiabodywasconveyedtohisfa-*outhBoston,thismo:rnjng,dangerouslyburnedOwen Campbell and injured fobr other workmen.against the protection of life and property in the com- to stand firmer now than ever, and to be renewing her careerofprosperityandglory. France;underthemon Territories by the general Government of the form of a despotism, has adopted the principle of uni- country. States are sovereign and regulate their af- versal suffrage, and the Empire of France to-day is aencountertheTebukeofAmericanswhomtheyex- AnexplosionofgasattheKeroseneOilWorksat pectedtotransfertotheShamDemocracy.Thefolof the United States. Territories are not sovereign, why? Because Democracy is rising in Germany to de- three States which did not declare that henceforth they mandtheliberationofthepeopleofitsvariousnations, gaveupthecontest,andthattheywerewillingthataudienceamidcheersandintervalsofmusic. After tea,theHon.J.B.MGKEANofSaratogaandMr.F. P. TRACT ofCalifornia addressed"thepeople. Gen.Great WestenpRailroad TraiUc. the Freedom wo yet enjoy, and .regarding with detestation thy lastJsuppSorting Mr. Breckinridge in'aflthe positions as- power by the action of the whole people.IJLTON, C W . , Sept. 15.1860.unpatriotic efibrta made by our rulurs aud tho'throe branches of sumed by bim In regard to the important questions now Now if in the Old World, where Government and Slavery if they pleased, had the right to get slaves if compliment in a short speech. Everything wen* oJTHAM Railwaytrafficfortheweek TheGreatWesternth« Democratic party to totca Slavery, on tho Terrlfcorle*, w iiiwu"m<Jthod'toinformthepublicofourdeterminationt> agitatingthecountry,asexpressedinhisletterofac-Empireare.entrenchedandestablishedsostrongin" theypleased. How,then,werewesaved? Itseems well,andoldSchohariebeginstobelieveintheresur- hereditaryaristocracy,noEmpirecanstandexceptas almostaaifitwasprovidentialthatthesenewi t y i e l d s t o t h e D e m o c r a t i c p r m o i p i e ; l o o k a r o u n d o v e r S t a t e s o f t h e N o r t h - W e s t , t h e S t a t e o f M i c h u r a n , r e c t i o n o f ' t h e d e a d . G e n . S h a n k l a n d h a s c o n s e n t e d t oMORGAN SEAVKRNS, of Darien. Mrs.DAVIS, ofSbaron.. AsonofMr.CATI.IN./enthusiasm, and fidelity tonational principles. Ourobjectinaddressingyouatthepresent time ismainafter the wantsof the owners of land orlabor or the mancles of a slave. [Loud applause.) Ar*4 GnsTArtra.W. SMITH, N. Y. .. J. A GRBBN, JK., Onondaga. Bata?fi you come :rom -other iO<pon8 to. Y on come,lower guard.KENTUCKY•'REPUBLICAN TICKET.'ELECTORAL "poeal of their Sub- Committee, and declared it to be their ultimatum. Negotiations were thereupon closed, and the Committee adjourned, Tbenextday, however, Mr. Wood caused to be published in the New-York papers a letter addressed to the Chairman of our Committee, ac- cepting, So far as he could accept, our ultimate proposal, and promising to recommend it to his State Committee. He did so, at its final meeting in New-York, on the 14th inst., when our proposal was definitely rejected. The door is thus closed forever, by the act of the Douglas State Committee, against any and all fusion or coalition between us and them. Our candidates for Electors and State officers will be supported by us with all the energy and means a t bur command. The old struggle between the two wings of the Democracy in this State is again renewed by the conduct of the present Albany Regency. The latter are now allied, however, with the Know-Nothings, and their opponents are reinforced by some of their former strong supporters, who haveTo y6xi, perhaps, tbe.scene seems somewhat foreign, was noi merely a municipal ca^mity. It is a calamityTotheEditor ofTheN. Y. Tribtm*.and disaster that befalls t h e State, a n d strikes homedismay |and hoTrortothe bosoms Of all its people, forthese were citizens of the State who have perished,and those who survive are the mourners; the desolatewidows and orphans who are bereaved. Let me,before I proceed, take t h e liberty t o bring this subjecthome tc the State authorities of Wisconsin, and to ask'and to| implore that nothing may be left undone, ifthere is yet anything that can be done, to rescue asingle sufferer from that dreadful calamity, and to bring -State like the State of New-York, determined that, so the present, receive no aid or support; butyouwifltSIR: Our Republican State Committee met this week to fill up the Lincoln ticket by naming Electors for those Congressional Districts that h a d n o t hold con- ventions for the purpose of nominating them, and the following ticket is the result, the two Electors at Large having been' appointed by the State Convention in April: : .'•_,.ELECTORS AT LARGE.AXAKN A". BURTON of Lancaster. Garrard County.; lawyer.W.M. THKXLKXLD of Yiaalia, Campbell County; physician. DISTRICT ELECTORS.District T.—SAMTTKL MOCAJW of Pnducah: lawyer.District II.—S. W . LANGUSY of Spottsville, Henderson Co.; farmer.District III.—JOBBm W . CALVKKT of Bowling Green; mer- chant.•District IV.—A. R. MCKKK of Somerset, Pulaski Co.; Pres- ident Coal Co:the woi-Jd meet on theshores of the Pacific Ocean. With- in a year 1 have seemed to myself to follow the track of empure in its westward march for three thousand years.But, fellow citizens, I need not remind you that this, like most other efforts o f human society t o do good and to advance the welfare o f mankind, had its painful andof Stages, located in Sixteenth street, between Avenues AandB. Thefireoriginatedinthehay-loft,andbe- fore the firemen could extinguish the flames, several tuns of hay and, a large quantity of feed were de- stroyed, and the roof of the building burned off.A8soonasitwasdiscoveredthat' the building wason fire, the hostlers unfastened all the horses and drovecrats beware, lest they are betrayed b y the glare of false lights with which they are. surrounded. The Douglas organization in New-Y ork have determined that this State shall be given to Lincoln. Do not flatter yourselves, then, that b y voting .for Douglas you are in any manner aiding to defeat Lincoln. A Nationalthe Republic, the empire is already h.9re in the plainthat stretches between-the great lakes on the East and enjoying the confidence. and support of the people,' to the base of the Rocky Mountains on the be a tower and bulwark of human Slavery, of African/ ...rf? S3 m NEW-YOR|a ©AIIrY TRIWPWB, MOflliVAlr, >SEPTEMBKR 17, 1886/..The 4:30 p. m. passenger train from Racine to Free- only organization for t h i \ § ^ | | B B p ^ *** "Committee or a Campaign Club, ^inridge and Lane throughout the ^ ^ t e assemble on Thursday) next, the 20th i t s t , or a s \ ^ thereafter as.port was run into last, night at Delavau, Wis., by a cipleeofthe Maryland Ir>th^tev-pTamrm, authorize! : lpassengerswere killed,andtwenty-five wounded, some,itisfeared^fatally. Atthetimethetrainleft, thenamesofthekilledandwoundedwerenotascer-tained. Thenamesofthekilledare:Mr. BAKER, prodace dealer, Delevan, Wisconsin.JoeephLane. Wederiveoura^tkorfcyfromtheState Conventionwhichassembledat^ra.cuseonthe7thof August last, called by direction of the Rational Execu-racyisthegovernmentinwhichthefewprivileged ownthelands,andthemanyunprivilegedworkthem, pr in which the few privilegedown the laborers aud theneverbeenpdSwAbythefootstepsofaslave. Everr footofouTsMfcarheenredeemedfrouYSlavery. Yei are a people educa*^ m the love of freedom, and t*.• Fire and Loss of Life. CORNING, Sept. 16,1860.and impelled by what appeared to be the desire of alargenumberofourconstituents,weproposed,ifitcould be effected honorably, to combinewith the Doug-SPEECH ATFrom the State Journal.OnWednesday,Sept.13,Gov.Sewardspokeasfol- lows at Madison, Wisconsin:United States where the labor or the land is monopo- lized by canital, there is a place in which the Demo- cratic element has not y e t had its introduction, or been permitted to work its w a y e^eotually. So, on the other hand, as h ere where you are no man can monopo- lizethelandwbhmanothermanisobligedtocultivate,place, was burned this morning. A son of Mr.Gor- don, aged 23, purished in the flames. Another son was badlyburned.Pennsylvania Politics. PHILADKLPHIA, Sept, 16,1860.Resolutions were unanimonely adopted at the Doug- las meeting last night, denouncing th'e Creason fusion, and ratifying the straight Donalas ticket. The meet- ingwaslargeandenthusiasticattheclose.Gov. Johnson will make a tour of the State during theweek. HewillcommenceatLancasteronMonday next, and close atPittsburgh on Saturday evening.ArrivaloftheOverlandMaiL FORT 8MITH, Ark., Sept. 15,1860.this land and the whole continent from Starery. D M ever man havo a more glorious duty to perform, or m more benefice! tt destiny before them than the people e f thenorth-wesiernangle that lies'between theOhle>„Ww.RADKOIU),"WeBtohester. ABKAMH.MILLER,Tioija. , officiallytoannounce,withunfeignedregret,thefinal JB*PEMFOLK,Kings. ARNOLD8.WATSON,Otsego.;and absolute failure of an attempt made b y us in good, MATTHKW MCMAHOK, Albany. J. T. RAPLEB, Yates. *Jo*. Q.ETASBROUOX, ulnter . ALBERT G. WHBELKR, M onroe.them out. Some of the animals were injured. Thestages were saved uniijured. The loss of Messrs. Democrat, in voting for Douglas in this State, will butshall rovea! your power you will be found to be the masters of the United States of America, and through, them jthe dominating political power of the world.brought into power, that wherever the Constitution of have been, onejof you. Althot gh of New-York, I am. tbe United States goes, it carries, not freedom with the still a citizen of the Northwest [4<Good!"], T h e eagles of conquest, but hateful chains aud bondage.* Northwest extends eastward to the base of the Alle-picions are entertained that it was the work of an in-Smith against Professor Morse, to recover five-six- cendiary. The horses had all been fed, and w e under- still further, imperil the Constitution and the Union.naval school of the Federal Government, not a federal jail, not a dock-yard, arid not a ship that traverses the ocean, bearing the American flag in any part of the globe, where the law. the normal law', the law bywhich men are to be held and tried andjudged, is not alaw b y which every man whose ancestor was a slaveis.a slave, and by which property in slaves, not free-dom o f man, is'the normal condition o f society underthe federal system of government. I can only ask youWhence comes all tbe inspiration of free soil, which spreads itself with such- cheering voices over all these plains ? Why, from New-York, westward of the A l- leghany Mountains. The people before me—whoare you but New-York men, while you are men of the Northwest? I t is an old proverb that men change the skies, but not their minds, when jthey emigrate j but you have changed neither skies nor mind. [ A p - plause.] I might call the roll of Western New-York,teenths of the amount Of money received by Professor Morse from the different Governments of 'Europe, for ihe invention of the tel :graph. Tho parties have been connected together in t i e telegraph business lor some twenty years, and 'so'toe time since a settlement was%ad between them, wp*n Mr. Smith received $300 - JOOO, and two matters in disoute were left open for suit or reference, of which this is one. The hearing is notstand that the building was locked up for the night.The Douglas organization, in rejecting the only means b y which this State could b e prevented from.finished. T h e referees a r e ham and Geo. S. Hiilard.JudgesSpragueand U p -of No. 229 East Thirteenth street, were in flames. theprinciplestheyareprepared toabideby hereafte?.losing everything which you enjoy of thiscrreat interestoffreedom. Thebattleculminatedatlastonthe fieldsof Kansas'. How severe and how dreadful a battlethat has been, you all know. It was a great anddesperate effort of the aristocracy of capital in fa voice, "Yates,"1] and from Yates; aye, aye. [LoudFIRE IN EAST THIRTEENTH STREET—FOUR; HORSES—While the above fire was raging, a second alarm wassoundedforthe Fifth District, and it was soondis- •covered that the frame stables*owned* by Michael Murphy, and occupied by several cai-tmen, in the rearbetween Democrats of New-York in. the coming elec- tion to one of future organization only. In determining upon which of the two Democratic candidates they will support, it is necesary for them to decide now uponour oy?n achievements pale and. fade away. W 6 have done this with as much forethought perhaps as anyBefore the firemen reached the ground and got water npon the flames the buildings were nearly consumed, lour horses, belonging to Michael Bone, Michael Mc- Nally, James Seatram, and a ragpicker, name un-Will National Democrats follow Mr. Douglas, separate .themselves politically from t h e Democratic party o f the South, and jom with the Know-Nothings in both sectionsofthecountry?orwilltheyrathercontinueto march under the old time-honored National Democratic^Lexington, Fashion, an i Bonnie Scotland. » FIRE IN FORTY-THIRD STREET.—At 12$ o'clock lastFinedisplaysareanticipatedbeforetheFaircloses nightthealarmoflireintheFirstDistrictwasoc- andwhichisthesameNorthandSouth? IfyouhaveThe National Fair. CINCINNATI, Sept. 16,1860.One hundred men are -thrown out of ent. Loas from $50,000 toalio in course of construction •$W),000. Insured for.fi 9,000.n. 3t did not find us unprepared as last year, next National Convention of Democrats, instead of be-e corn crop is beyond the reach of injury from frost, ing rejected and despised—asjthey most surely will be and such a crop never w a s seen. Well may the farmer"Upwardofthirty-fivahorsesarrivedhereto-day, known,perishedinthebuildings,allattemptsatrescu- Jfrom Kentucky and th^t State, to compete for premiumsat the National Fair, tl i s week. Among them were ing them proving unavailing. Total loss about $500;way for you, and marshaled you into this noble posses- from all communication with the sister States on the findI ' banner, which has never been lowered before any foe/ sion, \ nor are you to cast off the new Soates of the Pacific, and so to extend Slavery from the center both home.<>nThursday. . . .The entries are now pearly five thousand, and the^urrangements all perfected.InstructiveFireatAloany. ALKANY, Sept. 16, 1860.Boardman, Gray & Co.'s extensive piano factory w^as set on fire at 8 o'click last night, and destroyed^ together with one hnnjired and fifty pianos, finishedWest. Bnt yen are to lay still broader foundations, ways, restoring it throughout the whole country. Y ou and to erect still more noble columns to sustain the will say that this was a very visionary attempt; but it Empire which our fathers established, and which it is was far from being visionary. It was possible, aud forsociety on the continent You are to make this whole continent, from North to South, from East to W e s t * land of freedom and a land of happiness. [Applause.) There is no power on Earth now existing, no Empire now existing, or a s yet established, that is to equal o r can equal in duration the future o f the United States. I t is not for yourselves alone, you have tho least possible interest in i t I t is indeed for those children o f yours. O l d John Adams, when at the close of the Revolutionary, War he sat down and counted up the losses aud sacri- fices that he had ebdured and made, reioiced in the es- tablishment of the independence which had been t h e great object o f his life, and said, ** I have gamed noth- ing. I should have been even more comfortable per-—if they.present themselves upon the platform ofSquatter Sovereignty in company with their new allies.W e charge the Douglas managers in this State withhaving purposely produced the present difficulties inthe party, and with persistently refusing to allow theseAWKLL-EXKCUTKD COUNTERFEIT.—The Third difficultiesto-beadjusted.AllNationalDemocratsdone by maintaining tho Democratic system ofgovern-ment. There is no other name given under Heaven b ywhich, in this generation, nations can be saved fromdesolation and ruin, than Democracy. This, to manyconservative ears, would seem a strange proposition,and yet it is so simple that Hack the power almost ofelucidatingit.LookatEngland.She,isambitious,as haverepealedtheprohibitionoftheAfricanslave-trade. haps,andmorequiet,hadweremainedundertheBrit- she well n a y be, and ought to be, to retain that domin- And, indeed, that is yet a possibility now; for, disguise ish dominion; but for m y children, and for their chil- ion, reaching into every part of the habitable globe, these issues now before the American people aa they dren, and for the children of the generation that labored which she now exercises. She is likely to do it, too, maybe disguised by the Democratic party, yet it is with me, I feel that w e have done a work which enti- andmaydoit,byreducing,everysuccessiveyear,the neverthelessperfectlytrue,thatifyouforego-yourop-theNorthBerwickBank,ofMaine. Thecounterfeit isexceedinglywellexecuted. The accusedhadinhis possessiona numberofones,twos,andfives,onthe same bank, all counterfeit.party. "Therecanbenoevasivemiddleground?rS q u a t t e r S o v e r e i g n t y i s b u t a n o t h e r f o r m o f F r e e - S o i lRepublicanism,andnecesaaiilycontinuestheexcite-ment, strife, and bloodshed caused byfanatic EmigrantAid Societies, with their contributions of Sharp's rifles,if it does not result in the final breaking up of this con-federacy of sovereign States. It is only another form ish Empire is to stand, it is the British people who are more become the disgraceful trade of the American flag. harie County, Sept. 14, 1860, as follows: -" Yesterdayther's residence.ii m 'ready overpowered there. From one end of the At-lowingappearsinTkc Wyoming County Mirror:orFreedom,andmightcomeintotheUnion as SlaveStates or as Free States, just exactly as they pleased. eral Shankland was serenaded in the evening by the*w'«l»>oldoursupportinthefuture,fromanyandallpolitical. e n d i n g l a s t n i g h t w a s $ f ~6 . 0 0 0 0 0 0 , b e i n g a n i n c r e a s e o v e r p a r o * * " w h o s e a i m , a n d t h o o b j e c t o f w h o s o o r g a n i s a t i o n i s . t h e c e p t a n c e , c o n f i d e n t t h a t t h e r i g h t i s m i g h t y , w e e n t e rLodlast year o f $12,400. •the oorroeponding peri. TreasureforIfew-York.i, Saturday, Sent. 15,1850.The steamsbip Bienville took out $120,000 in treasure for Kew-York.tae .Extopirlou of Slavery. That we have examined the Platformand rrh«5ip'ft»0 f th^ Republican Party with approbation,and upon this struggle with the full assurance of ultimate intendtovoteatthecoiningelectisnforthestandardbearersof triumph. Richmond andhisalliesrefusetocombine thatparty—fclXCOSpandHAMUN.the!United States of America, and say how long yon the State of Wisconsin, the State of Iowa, the StatecanholdtheseStateBinaFederal Unionormaintain of Ohio, founded on this reservation for Free- onecommon authority or Empire hereexceptonthe domthathadbeenmadeintheyear1787,maturedjustprinciples of Democracy ? Therefore, it is that, I say, in the critical moment to interpose, to rally the Free that you of the Northwest are, above all things, first, States of the Atlantic coast, to call them back to theirgo through the county addressing the people in every schooldistrict—The published arrivals at Saratoga tho part season > number 10,187 more than they did the previoue eea^on.LEWIS VAN VALKENBTJRGH, WILLIAM H. HGWES,JACOB SMITH, WILLAIID aOWHS.withusm a united'effort against thesupportersof Lincoln. They persist in keeping tw o DemocratioTotheNational Demo^r** °f «*****°f P«* Theundersigned,.WadftnalDenvY k: ^StateCom-1 thatandtownwhich does not8 1 * ^ PMseij3*Standing$***&&&> andevwoftaeifHveaTt *&.-wMchihadbeenabandoned 5> "JjS^ZSW^'i0 Swveryfrom theintrusion•€mi'teeoftheStateof.Wew-York||||^ regularand{^2%£*1***<**ft8*' v S J ^ ^ TM 1 ^ W <*«hefaneiSout lawtI- .And a son of Mr. STOPFUL, of Delevan.•Thetrainhadonboardalargepartyofexcursion- faithtounitetheopponentsofRepublicanisminthis GEO.ELTAYLOR,Washington. ISRAELT.HATCH,Erie.:tL^ownwre of labor and of land. and from He Uand and from France, and £rom Italy,k.ere,then,youseeIhavebroughtyoutotheoonsid- andfromalloverthefaceoftheglobe,vyhereyouhareeratio.*'©/.*e |^«.P*<*1«»ofsocietyinthisRepublic learned by etperfence tbesnfferingathatresult from fists, returning from a County Fair at Elkhorn, several ofwhomwereseriouslyinjured..State against the election of Lincoln. Acting iu pursu-anceoftheurgentpersonaladviceofthePresidentof 1J. C. HARHIHON, St. Lawrence. GEORGE P. EDDT, Niagara.the United States, the members of his Cabinet, and the - GOV. SEWARD'S Breckinridge and Lane National Executive Committee,orEmp*»e. Itisthis:Isthereanydangerthatmthe aristocracy andoppression. [Applause-} Andyem -United .W«s«£ citizenwillnotbetheownerofthe brought away with you from your homesrtieseati- MADISON. land wbic* be cultivates? If there is any part of the ments, tbe edt cation of freemen. You came, t&en, jaafc at the right m sment. Yon came fmpsarei. Yoncama* qualified. Y ou came sent by the Aloiighty to xeeeo*unanimousvoteofourCommitteewewent asfar m self respect, honor and sound policy would warrant, in an endeavor 1o attain this object; our overtures have been inBubingly refused and the negotiations abruptly broughttoanend. Forthelasttime the opportunity1 has been given to the Douglas organization to consoli ''pleased with the remembrance of her own beneficence, seems t o delight i n sending forth t o grace the close o f a season which has been crowded with abundance and luxuriance, unknown even to her own profueeness. It is such a sun as. nature, pleased with seeing the growthofa noble capitalin a'greatState,maybe supposed' t > send out to illuminate and to make more effulgent'themagnificent beauties of the place onwhich your fields are cultivated, yon are entirely and glad to see that you are worthy Of itj tl»atyon appro- absolutely established: and grounded on. Democratic ciateit.principles. But yon all know that has not It does not need that I should stimulate yowby an always been the "history of our. Whole country? appeal to yoni patriotism, to your love of Justice, or W and, at times, was not the coadition of any yourhonor,to!perfectthis gr<»atwork, topersevere i*partofit Sometwohundredyearsago,whenlabor- ituntilyonshall bring theGoveraentortheUnite*ers were scarce, and tho field to be cultivated w a s States to stand hereafter as it stood forty years ago—m large; private citizens of the Atlantic States, driven as tower of i reejdem, and a'refuge for the oppressed of all.astheyrejecteditattheCharlestonConventionand at Bait'more, thereby forcing npon usthe painful con-,wemightalmostsupposenature,eympathizingwiththeeffortsofgoodmen,loversofliberty,anxioustosecurenies,andibenestablishedthearistocracyoflandand labor. Thesystempervadednearlythewhole Atlantic States. If ithad not been interrupted, it would have'lesspleasingtoyou,andthatiaytotefl youtbattfc*' -wholeoftherosponsibiHtr restshenceforthdirectlyor indirectly en the peopleef the Ncrth-West. Abandwrceived b y t h e false h u e and cry howled incessantlymay say that I belong to that Eastern and falling em - pire, instead of the rising! Western one. The mission of thej thirteen States has been practically accomplished. And what is it \ Just like the mission o f every other power on earth. T o reproduce, to produce a new and greater and better power than w e have been ourselves,[applause] ,*to introduce o n the stage o f human affairs, twenty n e w States, and to prepare the way for twenty BURNED—NARROW ESCAPE OF A TENEMENT HOUSE. voting for Lincoln, have reduced the practical question morej before whose rising greatness and splendor allMurphy &. Smith, the proprietors, will amount to about $1,500, and it is said that they are partially insured.How the fire originated is' unknown, but strong sus-diminish the vote of our own party—lessen, by so much, the faith of the country in the nationality of New-Y ork—encourage - Squatter Sovereignty—and,mitted to be established is true, then there.is not an York lie. westward of the Alleghany Mountains? arsenal within the United States, not a military or ["Good!"] 'casioned by the burning a blacksmith shop and a num- not made up your minds to desert the National Demo-ber of frame shanties in Forty-third street, near the cratic party, be careful how you increase the vote of the manifest will of our Heavenly Father shall reach a time seemed fearfully probable—probable for this rea-Second avenue. Thedestruction was complete. Loss Douglas. By voting for Breckinridge and Lane,fromjthe shoreB of the lakes to the Gulf of Mexico,, son, that the land must have labor, and it mustbeandfromtheAtlantictothePacificOcean. Itwasa eitherthelaboroffreeman,orthelaborofslaves. In- westalone. Itistheinterest,thendestinyofhumanabout$150.NationalDemocratswillnotonlysustainthoprinciples of their party, and preserve .a nucleus about which, in the future, will be formed a great National party m this State, but they will encourage their friends all over the Union, and be received and honored in thetroduce slave labor in any way that you can, and free labor is repelled, and avoids it. Slave labor was intro- duced into this country b y the opening o f "the African slave-trade, aud when the territory of the United States, in the interior of the continent, w a s open to Slavery with your consent and mine, nothing then would have remained but to reopen and restore the• 'FROSTS A N D CKOI'S.-T-A correspondent writing fromWheatland, Iowa, under date of Sept. 12, says:st night w e wore visited by the first frost of thefree government which they established, and it w a s aself-government—a government such as, on so large a :scale, or indeed on any scale, had never before existed. Iknow that when you consider what a magnificent destinyyou have before you, to lay your hand on the AtlanticCoast, and to extend your power to the Pacific Oceanand grasp the great commerce of the East, you willfully appreciate tho responsibility. It is only to be African slave-tiade; for it is prohibited only by a law,* i, -should withdraw from the rule of the Albany Regency,oftheconflictforceduponusbythedoctrinesofSew- to.maintain that Empire-andenjoy andexerciseit.butbelongincommontoallthesovereignStates.Plantmg-onreelves uponthe platform of principlesandtheexerciseofuniversalsuffrage.AndItalyto- thepeopleofthenewterritoriesmighthaveSlaveryday,allalong thecoastoftheMediterranean,isrisingMIDDWSHUHY HILL, Aug. 24,1860. adopted^the Maryland Institute, Baltimore, in June up to the dignity of renewed national fife, by adopting Whereas, wo are indebted to tho Patriots of the Revolution for the principle of universal suffrage and the limitation oWhen tbat had happened, what would have fol-lowed ? Why, tbat the. people who had the right to Wide-Awakes of the county, and acknowledged t h etiokfctB before the people of this State.W e have no al-Untitled DocumentItiethereforerecommend*^ everycountyracy. Ihaveheardmenprateofitbythe'hour,and.admireit,andshoutforit,andexpresstheirreverenceforit- andyet Ihaveseen thatth«»y never compre-hended,the simplest element of Democracy. What is f^ppu^wsaj JYott^matured in the right time. A a * itT Itistheoppositeof monarchyorofaristocracy. how <*.** Tonto'mature? How^ame yo« U Aristocracy is maintained everywhere, in all lande, b y be better, "Witer than w e of the Atlantic States? T h etheir own freedom, to perpetuate that freedom for Theoverlandmailcoach,withSanFranciscodatesvictipnthattheydesirethedefeatoftheDemocracytheenjoymentoftheirposterity,andtoex- pervadedtbecontinentofAmerica;andinsteadof*tbatjesponsittJity,andSlaveryelztendsfromtheGolfto the 27th ult., arrived here at noon to-day. Among the passengers is Col. Titus, of Kansas notoriety, n o w ofArizona.and the election of Lincoln lb, the Presidency; for all tend its blessings throughout the whole world, and for believethattheRepublicanswillcarrythisState,there allgenerations,mayhave sent forthintokenofsym-what you see, and of what you are a part, and of what of Mexico to the Gulf of St. Lawrence oa the Atlantic you do—instead of emigration from the Eastern States Coast. There!can be no virtue in commercial and man— intotbeprairiesoftheWestandinsteadofemigration ufacturingcommunitiestomaintainademocracy wbeav from Europe all over the United States, y o u would the Democracy themselves do not want a democracy. have had m the North-West this day the Boston and [Laughter.} There is ne virtue in Peaarl street, hi- New-York merchants importing laborers instead of Wall street, in Court street, in Chestnut etr»e>t, in a u p freemen into the seaports, and dispersing them over the other street of great commercial cities, that i can save entire valley of the Mississippi... .That would have the great Democratic Government of ours when yo*b been the condition of civilization on this con- cease to uphold it with your intelligent votes, your tinent. It has been fortunate for you, and strong and/mighty hands. Y ou must, therefore, lead"The passengers state that a party of Mexican guerril- being two Democratic tickets in the field. pathy with such a noble race. [Applause.1 But, fel- las had recently made an incdrsion into T exas for plun- . The negotiations "between our organization and theirs low-citizens, bright a n d cheerful a s this hour is, m y der, and had stolen thirty-five head of mules belonging commenced on the 4th inst. The Chairman of our heart is oppressed, and I am unable at once to lift my- to the Overland Mail Company at Leon Water Holes" fer with any other or$ animation opposed to the election"of Lincoln,'' addressed a note to Mr. Wood, Chairmanof such Sub-Committee, advising him that w e wouldmeet a t the Astor House, Now-Y ork, o n t h e 7th inst.,and would be pleased to consider any proposition hehad t o make. I n reply w e received a request for aSub-Committee t o b e appointed from our bo^y, and w eat once appointed it. When these two Sub-Committeesof Conference met, several suggestions were made onboth eide8. Finally an ultimatum was offered, viz.:the Lieutenant-Governor and Canal Commissionier onthe State ticket, and one Elector at large and nine dis-trict Electors t o b e designated b y our State Committee.At first the Douglas Sub-Committee declined this offer,whereupon our State Committee approved of the pro- because it occurred in your beautiful seaport, butit.fortunate for us, that such a desecration of the magnificent scene, provided b y nature for the improve- ment of human society, and for the increase of human happiness, has been arrested so soon; and you will eee bow felicitous it is when, for one moment, you com- pare the condition of Wif consin, and of Maine, and of Iowa, and of Illinois, and of Indiana, and of all the Free States of the Union, with the islands of the West Indies, colonized just at the same time that the Atlantic States were colonized, and with the condition of South America, a whole and entire new continent abounding in the most luxuriant vegetation and with the greatest resources of mineral wealth, absolutely reduced to a condition o f perpetual civil war , and ever' renewed ruinous desolation. The salvation of North America from all those disasters that have befallen the southern portion of the continent is the result of bold and firm procedure o n the part o f your ancestors and mine, less than a hundred years ago.us, as w e heretofore reserved and prepared the w a y for you. Weresign to yc u the banner of human rights and human liberty on this continent, and w e bid yoor be firm, bold, and onward, and then you may hope that wewill be able tj>follow you. [Loud applause,] •*I have said that you are to have the responsibility alone. I have shownyou that injthe Atlantic Northern States w e were dependent on.you. I need not tell y o » that at present you can expect no I effective support « c sympathy in the Atlantic Snr^erh States.You must demonstrate the wisdom of our cause V y argument,'by reason, b y the firm exercise o f suffrage, in .every way m which the human intelligence and human judgment can b e convinced of truth and right— you must demonstrate it, giving line upon line aud pre- cept upon precept, overcoming pjassion a n d prejudice and enmity, with gentleness, with patience, with lovia** kindness to your brethren of the Slave States, untS they shall see that the way of wisdom which yon have chosen^ is also the path o f peace. [Applause.] T h e SouthrWest are gharers with youjof the North-West bt this great inheritance o f Empire. I t belongs equally'. to them and to you. They have plains as beauti- ful. They have rivers as jnoble. They have all the elements of wealth, prosperity, and* powerGen. Foster, the Democratic candidate for Governor, District V.—ROKT. L. WINTUKSMITH of Elizabethtown, Har- already recognized the inevitable tendency and final I stood but a year ago on the Hill of Calvary. I stood unfortunate reaction. Hardly twenty yearshad elapsed,den Co.; merchant.DistrictVI.—THOMAS. COTIK of Speedwell P. O.,MadisonCo.; farmer.District VII.—EDGAR NBBDHAM of Louisville; marblecutter. DiitrictVlfr.—L,. MARSTON of Bourbon Co.; farnwr.desert your party now, to follow Richmond and Cag- A Ball andUfi^erett ineeting hist night in the 1st The ticket has not yet been formally published, as an ger, and their Know-Nothing allies, on the roadCongressioo^HDiiJtrict\ra«interruptedDyRepublican addressistocomeoutatthesametime, butboth will towardtheFree-SoilRepublicancamp? Clnbs marching through the crowd. A- fig:ht ensuedRztdstonesand pistils\tere used. Themeetingwas beoutinadayortwo. Bylookingatthemap,youJinaUy dispersed! Nine! of the rioters were arrested. will find that they are not all living along the border,2focnewasseriouslyin,ureda9fiTasknown-_Itis asyourUnionCommitteeispleasedtoassertabout craticparty,withaFree-SoilelementofSquatterSov- eopposed that the affair was in retaliation for;a dis-turbance created by paxjiies hurrahing for Bell and Eve-You have, therefore, as you see, the whole responsibi]ity. It depends upon•on national politics, theref is.considerable interest felt.JHsturbance o f a Political Meeting. District IX.—HCKRY B. BROADCS of Ashland, Boyd Co.,the palaces-of the kings of England, and trod the the more than one hundred thousand - old Adamantine streets of tbe now renovated capital of France. Fromnpon the Atlantic States of the] East, North, i>r South. Y ou haveSouthern Republicans. Yours in the cause. Louinville, Ky., Sept. 12. 1860.D .ereignty in it, combined with Know-Nothingism. Thisnew Northern party is acting in concert with theKnow-Notbings of the South, and such disaffected and I national, form cf government, yet is now in the veryOF ST AGE STABLES.—Last night, about 9 o'clock, a firebroke out in the stables of the Greenpoint Ferry Line against Breckinridge and Lane. L et National Demo-Hard-Shell National Democrats of this State, will youdeplore.thoBe capitals I made m y w a y at last to Washington, What have w e seen since that was done 1 W e havethe opposition o|f the Southern JStates on either side o fthe Alleghany mountains; butIstill the power is with.An attempt is being made to foim a Northern Demo-landthatiscoveredwiththeoaic,andwhere theysay formation. It was the empire of thirteen Atlantic State and have the right to multiply herself into four the slave cannot live. They ars in the land that pro-self above the sadness of recent scenes and painfulFollow citizens, it is a.political law—and when I saypolitical law. I mean a higher law [cries of " Good !"J—-a law of Providence, tnat empire has for the lastthree.thousan.d years, so" long a s w e have records o fcivilization, mode its w a y constantly westward, andthat it jmust continue to move on westward until the or involuntary servitude. [Applause.] , , tides o^the renewed and of The decaying civilizations ofAmerican States. Still practically the mission of that empire is fulfilled. The power that directs it is ready to pass away from those thirteen States, aud although held and exercised under the same Constitution andmore Slave States. W e have seen. California, a n d New-Mexico conquered by the people of the United S'ates, with the deliberate consent, if not purpose, that Slavery should be-extended from the Mississippi river to the Pacific Ocean. Y o u have seen the Constitution of the United States, perverted by the consent of the people until that Constitution instead of being a law of Freedom and a citadel of human rights, has come to be pronounced b y the affected judgment and willing consent of the highest tribunal of the United States, yetduces cotton and sugar, and the tropical'fruits—In t h e land where they say the white man cannot labor, in the land wht re the White man must perish if he have not a negro slave to provide him with food and rai- ment. [Laughter.] They doj indeed, command t h e mouths of the rivers; but what is that worth, except as they derive perpetual supplies perpetual re-invigorar tion, fiom thej hardy sons of the North, that reside around the sources of those mighty rivers? [Applause.] .I am sure that in this I am speaking only words of truth and experience. The No rthwest is by no meansmocracy. - . . . • • ; • But,fellowcitizens,itieeasytotalkabout Democ-feSPSF*fnamesandresidencesoftheofficerseho.u'fy?^onceforwardedtothe Chairman ofourState ^ommittee,andactivemeasuresbetaken,forbringingou^w^ole. laborersworkforthem. Ineithercasethelaborer Whomtbepracticecx(,fr«edomandofDemocracybe-{THADDBUSP.MOTT,N. y. NORMANMALTBT,On*ida.JwL22, 5l? ,Thelaborermnstrestcontentwith: SSISIHS^ ^ e Protectedinhis personalrights; from the South, where you' know^the evila of^?th^P°w7?of^.governmentareexercisedby Slavery.Ybi1comefromGermanyandfromIreland,. /FELLOW CITIZENS: Itis a bright SeptembersundateinthisStatethevoteoftheopponentsoftheRe-publican paity. They have rejected the opportunity which w e are assembled. It is such a September sun as intioduced the labor of slaves ioto the American oolo I prefer to de^l rather in,what may, perhaps, be nottheysaidbythe cupidityoftheBritishGovernment,lands, insteadof a-buhrark of Slavery. [AppUwae,*,The Government of the United States w a s estab-lished in an auspicious moment. The world bad be-come'aroused to the injustice as well as to the inexpe-diency of the system of Slavery; and the people of theUnited States, rising up to the dignity of the decisionthat was before them, determined to prevent the fur-ther extension, a s "far a n d fast a s possible.-to securethe abolition of African Slavery. It was under thein- that you have. Still, from them, from Kentucky fluence of a high, righteous, noble, humane excitement and Tennessee, from Missouri a n d Arkansas, front-like that, that even the State of Virginia, itself a Slave Alabama, and Mississippi, a n d Louisiana, y o u will, f e rhtatesmen—extend Slavery all around the coast of the Gulf of Mexico. W e have seen them take Texas into theUnionandagreethatsheshouldcome inasaSlavewhich they belqnged. You are in the land which pro-duces the wheat and the corn, the cereal grains—thebondage, and you have bad now announced by the so small as you^may think it. I speak thus to you be- westJ and yon are heirs to it. When the next census • Government of the United States, which you yourselves cause I feel that I am, and during all m y mature life[Applause. A voice—"Amen."] Our mission, if I [Applause.] H the principle which you have thus per- ghany Mountains, and does not' all of Western N e w -people ever exercised, by saving the broad domain to consider fora moment how nearyou have come to and I doubt not that when I came toHerkimer Countywhich you and these other forty States ars to occupy, saving it for your possession and, so far as w e had vir- tueenough, by:Surrounding it with barriers against the intrusion of ignorance, superstition and Slavery. [Applause.]I should have a response. I certainty have had re- sponses hero" from Cayuga and^ Gcneseo—[A voiosv "Erie." and from Erie; [a voice, "Auburn,"] and from Auburn; [a voice, "Stneca,] and from Seneca;labors to carry their- system practically with adominatinginfluence,youarenot,therefore,tocast all its evils, to the shores-of the Gulf of off the ancient and honored thirteen that opened the Mexico, and to cut off the Atlantic (Stateslaughter.] Bless m y soul! I have been laboring un- der a delusion all the time. I thought I was outhere, mid-way between the Mississippi and the bakes* and IBecause you are to rise to the ascendant and exercisepowerofher aristocracy, andintroducing moreand positionandresistancetoSlavery,ifthispopularresist- m o r e t h e p o p u l a r e l e m e n t o f D e m o c r a c y i n t o t h e a d - ' a n c e s h o u l d b e w i t h d r a w n , o r s h o u l d , f o r a n y r e a s o n ,tlesustorejoice,andcallsuponusbyoursuccessto renderthankstoAlmightyGod."ministrationofourgovernment.-cease,thentheAfricanslave-trade,whichat.firstille- gally renews itself along the coasts of our Southern States, would gradually steal up the Mississippi until tbe people, tired with a hopeless resistance, should be- come indifferent, and African Slavery would onceT h e m e e t i n g w a s a f t e r w a r d a d d r e s s e d b y t h e H e n . CharlesFrancisAdamsofMassachusetts,Gen.Nyeof New-York, Senator Doolittle,oic.<?followed by the presentation of a banner to one of the —Everywhere Washington Hunt and his co traden fairs in their own way, subject only to the Constitution Democracy.., The Austrian Empire is falling. And lantic States to the other, there were, in 1850, scarcely town*, when Gen. SHANKLAND addressed the immenselast, and all the time, to recognize as the great element. i^^i^^w^^^^gi ancient principles, to nerve them to sustain them in theand the same power that made the law could repeal and abrogate it. The same power tbat "abrogated the Missouri Compromise in 1854, would, if the effort , to establish Slavery in Kansas had been successful, have been, after a short time, bold enough, daring enough, desperate enough, toyou, "Xou are eituated where] all powers-have ever" and old Ontario.",]forget old Ontario, nor old Oswego, nor Oneida.Fellow Citizens, I will add but one word more,th« is not the business of this day alone. It is not the busi- ness of this year alone. It is not the business of the North-• II..;•<,..Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 