 %JA-Iorft SW-TimK, TUS8IUX. JUNE 26. lB6a «a«-inir>T«a TOVtS..ajtonwoa.gfyt yw-lfctft WaimV gittrtufi* %ruu «, iMa-_ I •'^•aBtM tiomat e»eadierm the hu begun, it wiB be too fiwoical to receive their jungles, is asking Umself everyTHE .JAPA1VB8E BAIX.Ita HiatOTTt 4a«*e«U Bad Vompositton. ed Ike vi«w af the bail inBin rwk-,«» n(k--(«#, frniM ud Nuna lb.Ik* BBW-ttiK HMES iDiilJ} < pakUdMMl (TMyas it exists in the Unitedis over- grounds mere-iiiiniiii wwiM ri'"**.....^de-Tke PieaideaUal Election.The Preaidential ranTass has at last fairlyplewhelming,about Plactd^tar: two M»iM toaaa iddna Iw ITitbDoi^ TIM HXW-TOM: TimB (WMUrKTwo Damn athe Union who are not ofdoorway with hu hands tliipsii h«» festival and triaodly haiaminfyaar;-»gjMjj^.Kfl.A»UlrlC-ttHfIcA».U pnbUshad on tba MtmrKiOMmmt. Frlca, Inwnppen,black men are handed over to Southern finished, the finest in the workL At all events ters, whether as apprentices or as wards, theirwhich allUghtened vrilh gas;notmas-and that of theirthat they become slaves for life, and their chil- dren, to the remotest generation, suffer the same hideous and inexorable fate.imposnUe t» sa* tkM»«r"-^ :r areSiMs Mfi** *• •• aidiHi te Tn Boiujuopinion that it is only a fine Park, but promises to be, whengrandn^t long tbmdered with carriages ai»dleast like a tune. It Usaiimtkiag Oat mmmt ^mtiCBlOV OABMir—Ilni lJk»T 0HH» I.ixE-anBuicact ofbf Congreaa— usinsthat niglU, will end, wey.tmaUMK*!rSUXSK-OnlauoMa -tn<)«asDooms. ^^beganlastm Iinilil itTcnIiic—Ooa luati ooosin.Now, the South conflict" in the bosom Doholas will actually re- piesentintheSoiitiitbat hostility to Slavery extensionwhichisalreadytheunanimoussenti- mentoftheNortb. HewillcontestuponslavesoilI:':;protegesfrom theoperationmost and intangible—Aftarnooa—Buirar XM—iSSSS'S MUSEDIffinds the "of its own society.andrSCMOa THIiTBE, N~sss Bre»dir»y—HootiT & OAMPMll'a JUMdtRAiB.7AI.ACC 8ABDKH—Aftarao.-D—BALiooa AsoiHSias. Cnalac—Baulit.more, gettingrichthedeclared themselves absolved fromdetails relatrre to the insunection in Sicily,t.From the sides of this gallery, tunnels of— "——and Cassia were moderately sought Mter.peo- City certainly do not need the testi-ery,States, not on humanitarianKetropotitan t^ (^ nmeto«WNr<''«' <"* •^^fWaliraraura wiUton-tbeywitboatfiBalinc stnmgdesitetokiek^i,'to tha"PobUshanmust therefore be left to ItwaslefttothatoftheCommission,andthe publie has confirmed theirjudgment, and there's an end of it.Mr. Duxon's jeremiad about the expense, sofarasitisbaseduponacomparisonwithmay intiiedutiesofcivilizedlife,sothattiieymay willthmkso;butwearethe noee mora finely ofaiadled ;.Chinese, and aarimfs.The SWlwar Bends' w«i« firmer. Theany further notice outside the Astor House.We arein aday. position to answer them0an»«mii,'Mfl8d SUE DoiuMajMr. n»ni^OBKnifES(SMi-wiHUr)—Tonooi- werebriskerthanonSatoiaay.good/MW ««ntitMMwvatratqpy. 1h( Aat-WMUy and Ww«y taken their ground, all the •MttoOtergyMBU tbalMrart alab imt«. gpeciraen tbefield,—and it is not difficult to foresee tiiehi the heart of New-'reaUy eajoyinc »!»•• >».8OAIitiBRT—No.HiBioabwat—CauiOH's bytheFederalConstitution 8QlinL>8Rescued from Slaven— them back to Africa.Strangest of the many strange incidents bywould have dared a year ago to predict tha bility of its creation.acorn in his hand, and thinks that in this acorn heTwnun miWosunsa.So MBBOASWAT—HcGHis' Tin Ficrmtx Gallzst.Negroeswhich the Courtsaioaof thsThirtr.eixth Congress; and few, pro-strong,modified servitode, with a view to futurebetween Jeddo on theside and New-York on the other ? There was the finer and better thsn oar "of diieoid um) strife is for the present qtiieted. On tke assendiliiic of the Senate, Mr. SnxiriB pre-only In which of the States does a slave-owner better than that fromwiuch wefrom the Committee on Commerce, bat laid ««eT. Vaidraa oOiaz measores were proposed, butbomof conviction and partly of self-will, whiohpolitician a strong hold upon the popular ad- miration ; and Mr. Douolas adds to them justenough of tliat inesponsiMe, good-natured reck-ready caughtsupply to themanyto be a forinto free laborers, which all the Fa-jMHtedit was a fine artistic sense of the forceAmessagewasreceivedfromWetheyeach one of them to his home, would be sim-to them to a of the hor-return to their former places of abode, and tomankind thetherwetelaid oiver.bill—tlKrefore it stands passed. The cuj.omsryC<mmiU»0 WM •ppointed to act in coDinnctianwith one ;6DBi the Hoaae, to notify the Presidentthat Conncss was ready to adjourn, and after a-vote of auks to the presiding oiiicer, and afaott Bzeentive session, the Senate was declaiedadioenniefi. In the House, another protest was re-intheway.know,that touponimmense importance of the stride which the East Christy's Wnstrels,) k broad passage-wsy wUekanymenta to the Post Boute bill, and it was conse- it has a bold very stronglegal pre-in-theyroom was a wonderful feature indeed.Anotbac theatre^Edasit.over,intheSnna-BuBXM, tbeall the signs of wh»t we know as "BmbuOanxr—TsavulTkasbbtditos.Emhtb- mainlyside and the South the other.of Bngland went forth in thefaint lines abont the monthT1TTKBWTH-8TBBET ABD PODBTH-JLTBUUB- the power of the Federal Government to ex- IA»taa' flauTMnA MnAauiB.irO.«t« BBOADWAT—Pbot. Jao«m' Maoicai. Bstu-house of " Jenkins," who shall the Napiks decotatioos of the theatre and the conit-yaidness, and the usual preliminary ceremonies, theBouse adjourned sine die. sections, whatever may be their opinions upontoconsigneven Guineanegroestoprrpe(u;il and discomfited heathen upon a stand in Niblo's Vak Tine's noble conception,the Treaty-box, whiiAthe day of soling. TbeJlf<U<a, which arrived at Father Pwnt on Sunday, on her way to Quebec, fumisbed us with telegraphic advices to the 14th, but we receive by the Aein-York highly interest-ingfor themselves whether they will have Slaveryperpetaates, them into men, give them the knowledge downfall of Japanese cxclusiveness and of the glowing dream of landscape beauty. Bnnxeoneieafe in the Specie average of $769,000, and an carried out on the Park, it Is almost an insult though nobody is opposed to having th*e Southtoversaf theMamj UatUH ipB* on Jont date p^ier;easyTyCMntn iru return shows a de-As to the merits of thewhich isThe reason istf j toaa. the Bank additioB to the Loans o&$^000.planbeingthat,all its yesterday evening before a singlearrived to Ban tbe seene. In the coune of •(o the public to summon witnesses to testify supplied with as much labor as it requires, and at decddedlr ^imet prices for the principal kinds. as to its merits. Bverjbody can judge of them though every man at the North is deeply inter- NHMbaA IB a* Tom BnUdinc, tnaUag Um Citr Prorisloiu were in request, and were stiffly toW. ior himself, and the verdict of all wIm have ested in its prosperity, the opposition to Slav-The memory of° the night of Jcne 25, 1860,ACoffee attracted more attention. Sugars, Hay, seen the work is all but unanimous. Theopened.The several political parties hare—Japaaete when selvesiair baainess was transacted in BioadrtaffsaWifa Uke aapothecary's windew, in tha civic annals of New- enefaaQfrBentwUeb ana* oriar the hand e( Bi^ Tork. The ball given by the Coaneilmen, at the VABO, all the way from tbe oCce mndowa of theHops,Bean and Spiriu Turpentine were inmand. Whisky was plenty ""J Itsary. Frwghts mony of Messrs. Hooo or Dasixls to inform ly, but on economical and political groundsexpense of the City, to the Japanese guests ef the nation, is 9n evea* of vriii^ in the languageof college oiators, it be sudthat aregiims ngal- Christy'., we stviaUed apoa tte SiKKB-BnaB is-tioD and ntter dciDoralizfttion of tta opponents. The heat of the battle, it is easy to see, is tosomebody'sdiscretion.themselves with the task ofeducating negroesasThe questloa'«f—extension is to be conteated and decided ontudmoosof taking care of themselves, who hold, or pro- tog for granted. Wemust take noththe bal supposebe in (he SoatHera States.pmbSe miad,protectinsSlaverybythe power of the Federal GoTemment. for itsrepeat, then, andSoathera ground.For thefirsttime Inour;that ofthe European Parks,a of a slave,thing,in>TBB OlUIH—Ou FLAItATIMI.ITAUUAOK'S THXATBS—I>*u* Boou.XBW'WIWBBI TBBATBB—Ooiaieui Bioroiia— sectional.- the North has taken one their own enjoyment and thatof the court, andrace ^delicacy of nostril; a quick sensitivewhich lijH comes and goes in the eye, and thawpolitical history, the slareholding States will be divided. Hitherto the contest hasBa-Btbob has sung tbe ball given by the Duchess of BicBMoan at Brussels, from which the floweror implied, human or divine. In the eyes of to the heart ; and while sa heir is bom to the last touches as they were put upon fltelorlaw. Few, if endorsehisviewsexistence, uponthe localwhich we arely,spectacleagain,Napier/r(«calculated to ahake oarNEWS OF THE DAY.TeaterdaTwitnesaed the cloae of the First Ses- ly right, they would not tolerate him an hour. 'truly thought.a was held inwellwho have beea cognizant of its proceedings from fint to last, wiU regret that the country isatfivedom, in 'view of the fact that one element sents more thoroughly than any other public man beingembryoone, baUffreedom, would be a farce.himself did not wish to break it, hisneighbors would compel him to do so.Parisian Hotel de TUle, at least maek sometbinclaagthpeopleconsigned bywas Boolesult of many centuries of breeding in ; the otherbe made to*be for such aThe area devoted to this.nevai/«(cciirepreesibleother in theter, live better—and the City istaster than any in the worid. The question,therefore, is nothow much did Versailles cost ?but, if the finest park in the world can bemade for $4,000,000, can we afford to have the Southern it f We maintain we can, and when it is erncommonly seen him, breeding mata)*onaccountofliisat Wwitr to breathe with a little more partly from his personal qualities. He repre- fate to wiiich theseSlavery is marked. Thepartlypolitical position"eoaUof will and one ptSTinc for tin repeal of the Fn^itive Slave law, ize American life. Without any large, general that thebia, ad the of the inter-State Slave- piaUlMtioncultore,he has the usefulfacultyofstudyingasome himdreds of miles into the interior, haveAnyattemptand a vast conies and sideIanindustry,age, and a tenacity (tf purpose,cour- partly becan eryasitisindomitableinsolenttoas firs^as trader that comesanddutynow display in setting aside testamentary pro-great balls given in hotels, and ourprotection any,—;In the Northern States Mr. Douolas isabout toscene ofooeraiions. We also receive positive as-sarancea that the Great Eastern was to leave onthe Uth, on the voyage to New-York, that date nftt the highest Constitutional ground, ilization is ever to make any progress iu Africa,them from admitting having been determine upon by the Board of Di- is ground which satisfies therectors immediately upon thetrial trip, which was regarded as satisfactory.lorm. Itwill,foralongtime,beasmuchasconfBy the arrival of the California Overland Mail atSpringfield,Missouri,onSundaynight,andthe •dependeduponkeep theWest,withoutproducinganysensibleeffectand books, and'all the otherof and to life,look, and as we unite, their amazed countenancesBiot to decline the nomination for the Vice-Presi-daocy on the ticket with Mr. DonoLAg, and that which are doubtful it will be substantially aidedhassuccessfiil. The new-comers mingle withoutonlyaristocracy of the world, sinceAccording to appointment, a Comndttee ol tbethese efferts have beenfrom Baltimore reiterates the rumor, on the au-of BsacKiKaiDas. In Illi-their notes as aanccessful. A dlspat:h thorityofpetsonsfromWashington,whopositive-by the nominationnois and Indiana Hr.itive strength which will give him twenty or;into objectand Mr. Secretary, bad a cocrerenea oa Friday eradag wtfkhibititifseen itwriUiiog were, and, as we were, bathed in odoriferous gravely m his psinted cave, read on beneath a sof.lusion of her nine-tenths of the .American If it were people.candidates are InI'lampe,apeople wh»anfBrever batting andresBlt. The BepubUcan ticket is morally oertainto be elected. Strong in the public sentimentof the Free States, the BepuUieaa Partf de- therefore a mere waste of time to makethoDgh slumbers ofIINxw- rivesanimmeaseadranta^fromthediarnp-Irequiredpass upon,quiet(aeeaoMBctteof the South- negro, or for a 0AirA]>8TBXR—Bo. SK—Wnmoci's Plu Sallut tenable, it is probably the only ground upon ready we feel satisfied nobody's enjoyment of negro's benefit, has no sanctity. We need notw On Fauium*.•CBSBfaoALuanr—No. BM •> StatuAST.which any contest whatever could be main- tainedintheSouthernStates. Heconcedesit will be marred Messrs. Hooo and by seeinghe was whispering to himself "We d« enough in their way, but the ball of thtags better hi Jeddo." And if heyet, was, last night had a way of its own. CKven, was a very ungrateful Simxe-Bdjib, for them buaswat—bzbibi-Billon seated on one of the bridges weeping tion in many States exiling free and negroesthe elements out of and artistic which it arose, and not rangementembellishoieDt of the Ltend Slavery : and while his position on this question is, in our judgment, unsound and un-public, and,inforget These were allas such but claims that in the Territories it must be dependent entire-over the outlay.confiscating their property without chargingthem with crime, and the hardened indif- anySending ference to honor andthe baldest of social zoologists, we venture todevoted to the ball were altogether admiisMe,that slaves areproperty, recognizedsay, possi- The man who holds ani— :reflect the most real credit on thedisigners. Wehavecommonlybutsmall faitkof the Southern States willvisions fur the emancipation of slaves. Anyholds anif but hewere more near-conventionmadeby masterswith the Federalclaimthe CTounciimen's Ball own spacious apartments with the adjofadiv A*-atre and grounds as to make, if not • exactlyof intellect,tiade. Kt bis reqnest it was laid on the table. particular subject rapidly, and of mastering its been so demoralized by the Slave-trade, tttatof tiie sort would be south sure, anywhereThe P^ -rooM bill was then taken np, and after facts andMason and Bixon's line, to lead to lynching the native chiefs look on their subjects simply and banishment The old doctrine that fflav-and confiding of Occidental and accidental poli- on the aecond floor of tbe Hotel waa used as •amcD^OK :^its, it wasThe H.>G«etul to amend the Consular act was re-Niphon dancing polka Amsterdam—the idea is a revolution of itself.passedtolerable or defensible so only longwith flowers and festeons ofAmarieaa and Japim- ese flags, statues and statuettes without rnimbaK DirecUy opposite the doors of this room is Ae «•> trance to Niblo'sWhatever heand sent to the House. knows is always at bis command. He has as 80 many bead of cattle, and are alwayscoDski' I '4l0 dabate and the adoption of Tsriong leadingprinciples.savagesttae Honae notifring the Senate that th^ receded nothing can defeat. These are qualities which send a cargo of slaves back to the place from thers of the Republic held, is now so obnox- Aaai their siaeoiaiDeDts to the Post-office Deficiency in our socie^, or indeed in any other, give a whence came, even if we could restore ious in the South that the mere utterance of itPerhapsof this combination to impressHr. BouoLAS is the of istics, — championin instances and had temper enongh, self-control enough, to hold his stirrups while he mounted his horse. Bat, when the three superb chandeliera w«ia. aH.Popular Sovereignty ; and whether that doctrine fiadssignesslaver,manyings of tiie Otnnmittee be sanctioned, the Coasti-totion will have been violated. The message wasrefemd to a select Committee, and its considera-tica was postaraned until the next session. TheHovaa lerased to agree to the Senate's amend- cedents, in the opinions of the Fathers, or not, unless some friendly kidnapper chances todo it she honestly,mighthave all thewhat was that to the triumph which was last night achieved by the large ani liberal ideas of Christen- dom, over tbe nice and meagre proprieties of petti-!aflame, and Dodwobth " on mortals pouredwarrant in the Constitutipn, inleave them on the coastof courseAfricans that will be caught within the nexttwenty years, and welcome. But bo law oruponqtieatly lost. After some other unimportant busi- stinct. The great mass of the people in all the tiouble of shipment.—letFederal Government abandon allby repe'ilng the advances of civilization from without, and which the race itself seems to want energy e"hough or brains enough to shakeof their rights, and then deny them the the enjoyment of them. We know of no torture that can be inflicted on a human moreof a broad into the heart of the Ori- wayeagles faught over the seeming cataract, aadthem orand theattempts,openingent for the civilizing ideas of theBut this reminds us that we are speculating on theball just as coolly as if all our readers had been and flowers welcomed the guests into the gardeoaall, been squeezed as we on either side. The hermit who reads his book soamongand the progress of GAitiBALDl, written from the either to force it upon them, or to pro- off. As to sending them to Liberia, it seemsnot;Congressa wilderness of flowers flourished lovelyaroandflagsthethem before cease to be worth resolution will ever again be passed in Con-precisely, Aldermep Cornell, holding the Kami Sihice-generally felt that the adoption of this policy Liberia can do tothe election of Mr. Douola.s, he at St. Joseph's, we have later ad- would be a very formidable caadidate. But itprizesdenied all these. Andthe City in geneial, and the tax-payers in piirticular ;out from the embrasures of down upon the crowd below with athe thick darkness rounded. Liberia,dilutedJapanese Sovonment is reported to be in a very stances, to be tl.e practical solution of.the dif- to the African continent. What it wants them.persons"ruthlesslyBBECKuranxw has aThoSotithera Seceders met again at Bichinond thirty thousand votes in each in Pennsylvania ters from Jamaca have embodiedof this siagularly assert that the declination has takenpisce.so mucU val- uable information and excited so much atten-minorbeing mind the humble industry of the forefathers of Japan, who founded that State byTreasurer, and two sttacUs, acting as Secntarissyesterday, at noon, but adjourneJ«venii>g, when they were to be joined by the Bal-the power of the Administration is sufficient to givehimquiteasmany,andinNew-Yorkwe believe it safe to predict that he will withdraw fifty thousand votes from the support of DOCGLAS.FojmiAif, the Kngllsh intsipretar, wen praaeat sa deep-sea-fishing. The custom reminds one of the tbe occasion.timoteSeceders. Noaccountottheir TesterdaywaaanextradayintheJunetermoftraditional of parched peastainly indicates athathe Coort of General Sessions. After Bamtsbsbsdseatencedsomeprisonersyearsnotbaaamade twaaddin all, that Iter kSTa ofiered to the Court term. OoeoftliefrSmportantlBaaaieofits tetares,at least. After <enaarint the' present laws far the collection of debts, and the tmiust system of detaining vrit-nesses, sometimes Itst many months, in prison, tothe withlandtospare,mightbegladto world,disposedof, the itional presentments—the loathedpieirionslyIt is thatwearing even paper boots to spitetrade. We believe that the Japanese noble whoof the Cbsmbw of awJ whetlier it has aaj eoncecaoo wltathis presentments yesterday wasRepulicans,undoubtedlyWhy cannot we also adopt this course? attended the Chicago Convention.Commerce, touches a tanner ought immediately commit the Govemmentfawait the trial of the the Grand accused,Uunicipalan would have revealed evenit has Tefer, in relation to the present mnde of electing sorry thatand would havebeen ran oyer hadwhich consider asthey beingjudiciary,that tkey iid«^ attend thOAe conventions in someof fSOjIsT BtaIeK ths Dattedlude, in OMt pmsentment, to the City Judge and Distiiet-Attoney.salary$2,500basasand coaunea laborats la Ihelaiipcma- Japan,ber of witBesaea waia examined totha ekaxM of Mr. Boso relative to the extrava- gaaea and wastefulness of tiis management of the Pa*.sent in a plan, which waa rejected, and he is actually being gravely examined as to the merits of the plan which got the prize, and as to the competeacy of Mr. Olmstbd, hlj suc-children for ten years, so that for the twentyexpensewill not amount toFuUasswanwei* givsn to these aad saboitUaataagain untilprooceedman's head, minus the body thereunto belonging,but cer- if not a strongerAfter a polite receptloa of tbe CommlttM on tksRecorderTheactionoftheseems, with reasonable diligence on the partwhomanycountryinaway.head, owner. TheTbe foUowing were the topics intiodaced byEmbitsy :1. As to tbe nature and objecUwho had Grand Jurv making fourDemocracyto have insured the success welcome to its shores.tiiinks it mustcalculated to the fact« Whether tbe GoTenuoeatcontinuedthewith the scale and splendor of the Cbina.substantiateThe used boquetsare Thanks to their residence in the hotel, and to the feeling of complete confidence and at-home-atlve-ness whichevlsaedoalhaJuryof theof the Republican ticket.one of the " dead-heads " manyployed, should be byUie Africanof its membersdrive from us allwhom fate or crime Mile. Patti has drawn a great many fullglsa and as their cso vessels depended at all or were aaisctad by VsmgenUemen who canbe better em-and christianization of It not been for the little prima donna, who rushed Probably opera-glassiug for the civilization numbers. But we trust no one will men-termsssclUMBsinthepurrtaseof.and the pictured tern, day.popularlight upontheyconverted, by the closing ot tbe Broadway door, gress which will authorize any arrangement BtJjZM in bis nervous grasp, led that ^luaaeUcad iuio a \ai£ go.l)ery seventy-live feet in leogtil-— ;being terrible tiian that under which thousands;.'';IICourts,faithplightedWashington?wellI:negroes captoredmous cost to the Government, is one of the authorities to hold negroes in a condition of thatonlyyear agoIj 'IIm very unlike bolk the Koagol and |the ^ilim.Abeth,.the success of theview, is not a matter which the Committee isis sealedortoand it isto us to be neitherinstinct of it inusi be kept up in a highly concentratedpresent with us,this,norized enough, Christian enough, to desire alive the traditions of Ireedom, and riches, and a wife, and home,at the extent of the defection, and its dtspositisn with regard to carrying out the treaty with Amer- ica was in consequence vascillatiDg.The news from California is not of special im- tinctly and nakedly presented, would give him. iu a highly valuable addition to our means went out to bring her into port, writes tliat she partance. Ab improred condition of the markets Thousands and tens of thonsands,*who believe of production. We have boundless tracts will positively saU on the day named. If she did,to attend, or too or too sensible to think of busy,was bidden to thefrom the broken-hearted Caleb CdSBiKO seated,another'UABins, among the ruins of tbe Richmondsecession, to the leather-waistcoated Sak Hous-lOK, fighting his little Presidential fight all by arrangements of service and the supper, too, were himselfinTexasliketheJerseymanatHomnouth admirable,couldtheyhaveposiiblybeencarriedIS reported. BrthePonyElxoress,wehavenewsfirom Car-aonVaUeirto June 8. In the Washoe County, inandwhole nations areshe is now ten and bedays out, may expected to-So much, then, for the ball, which was, in aim- pie truth, a triumph of taste and brilliancy. Thene|i>tlBte_withreportnight We do not preieud to dispute this point, for we cannot plume ourselves on a very large with the butalready. as numbers, splendor and extravagantof the Indian troubles, one-fourth of cause in thatthethe doors of theout in a crowd of twenty thaurand strong, whichcaaseqaeooetlie popilation had left for California. Emigrants, attemptiof to eioss the Plains, are advised to be well aimed, and to traverse the inthey recognizepartyonlybattle,countrybeads, as the Indians are hostile during nearly the a—or to use it to be reclaimed, civilized and educated to bebeen de- regard to her, than the fact stated bywbole roi|te. Major DoDOi, at the last advices, had aniTsd^ St. Joseph, from Washington, tostroyedassert, that everybody who is not to be found iu theatlargecuriositycantankerous has even so far as to into apos-term. ThePark, in an artistic point of dotim,posterity,;Tork, and which is, noat this momentsoftly; through the un- with oMiurive att«nti«>a. Tbcte iscompetentabout it. It is essentially a waste of taste, andis absurd. None of the finest parks in Europe were made for been the multitude. They were made by Icings, forof"belongs to the same category as a horse or an ox. Nor coold the Government impose any restrictions or exact any guaianties thatsleepiB|tbeare, therefore, necessarily on a small scale. In this City the people are bettor off than inearnto fell at Waterloo. The noblest of Eng. lish orders of chivalry was the recollection of the ballatwhichEdwabdIILiMckeduptheConntessanyworld,diess bet-Thewitness of the reshipment to Africa of thewas notand whichthis of questionIf the mastersen^backthatof citizens of Massscbnsetts, pushingrestlessnessoftemperwhichcharacter- rescuedtheminthefirst instance. Weknow at this moment commence to educate bis•ented st^ arolitkm of Blsvory in the District of Colnm-crossingcould then have linked the rooms,the large dining haDs of the •- labyrinth of lobbies, halls, pariocs, bal-rooms. The great drawiag-fogaapatiBoDslaves, habituate them to self-reliance, andraces. Whatboth <rftropolitan Hotel, both of the spacious |iiili—i.quicknessvigordegreethe consummate fruit of a secular of the whole of Niblo's Theatre; asppsr andpopulation alongthus prepare them for liberty ?hands of the most mjrsterious of Oriental and in'evitable potentates with those of the most candidthem to theconsigns their villages to destructions.in slave atanenor- ships,But what shall we when we reflect sayfor themselves thattheysowelded In tWrareto their native shoies Is(Sty Halljustexpedient.If civ-—the tortuu; of being white civil- enough,the AfricanCoast, forprophetconsequentiy,krstatues, and formed a splended visu eodag-wfOk the full blaze of the concert-room. The waDa of this room were draped in as many cohm aa the Hebrew Tabernaclebywhich it by monthlyinquiriesup nesB hours" to.day,doing" tUlhigfaerianka.The eye Is less oWquethsn in theis almost a cajntal offense.And yet this is the only doctrine which themajority of the governing classes of the Union at large now hold, or will ever be got to hold. We are all willing to see savages converted into civilizedbe ehaiscterixed the action of the House as viola- litical society. lected from various places, at various distances servitude or pupilage. If the South were spiration. It was a great stroke for Persia joice that this fine thought &ited in tiie bad. Tbalessness which characterizes theAmerican rowdy, to make hin the decided idol;ofceived fnfa tlM President againat the proceedingso< tbe CoTode Investigating Committee, in which of a very large and influential class of our po- their families, is impossible. They are col-of • freemen, even throtigh temporary Certainly it was a hit, if this were its in- "fountain of real Cologne." Let tax-payeis le-tive of tM lights of a coordinate branch of the Qoremmeiit, and asserts that, should the proceed-But aside from these personal character- from the coast, and the same raid which con- frankly and fairly to charge itselfwith this duty, when Sapob made the Emperor VALisTiHiAir flowers had it a°I in their own sweet wsy, andindigenousexpose rors from whichrepetitionhave once been rescued.plycould not have been of any intentiontheyBut, with the best intentions in the world, theirmaking a good thing for themselves out of the trifle of forty or fifty thousand dollars expended upon the affair, we hope our readers will accept our hypothesis.and beset with a fineat odorous plants, with whose sweet perfume the fn-If we starve,capturedhfe beautiful disdain" from the orchestra, the conetft-In any case we fling thera bad; into theThe screw-steamship New-York, from South- its legal validity, recognize it as a fair, just lowest barbarism by which any portion of the Slavery, such as we see it in Alabama and Theatre, and exposed turn to the searching gaze looks 80 marvellously like the coffin of BcaaIampton on the 13th inst., arrived at this port last and safe way of solving a very difficult prob- human race has ever been afflicted—barbarism Mississippi. BeUer to leave tiiem in the of a free people, that man must have been duU Nash, had been removed, and a scetue copy of evening, bringing our files and correspondence to lem. Let the people of every territory decide which their climate fosters and condition of wild beasts, than to convert indeed who did not see in the act, a symbol of the Cht:bcb's "Niagsra" closed tbe visU with •PonyExpressvices firom the Pacific coast and the Washoe re-^on. The brig Julia D. Rogers had arrived atSan Francisco, in twenty-eight days, Grom Japan,bringing highly important intelligence. The come into power. This is, under any circum- will certainly never prove the elixir which is proposition to inflict tliis very torture upon invited, too, last night to foot it on the light and per in yonder gorgeous but inaccessible apartmentInttle had been fought near Jeddo, in which aprince had been killed, but no particulars aregiven. The captains of the foreign vessels in the but it is not committed to its exercise, nor iskeep dying out.contrary a very highly diversifiedare contending with a fierce and famished crowd.TheThe truth is, the Slavery questiuu willis not.be settled on this basis, whatever partythem iuThe Great 'Bastem.Orinncll, Mintcbk Sl Co. had re-and was noteverybody to footthewho will beeventually quseffect.a large political influence evi- vivifydently being against the new policy with regard ficulty. The Republican Party has asserted, is not more negroes to educate, but moreimsettled stateto intercourse with foreigners. It is stated that a though in a modiiied form, the abstract power " coloredpermitted themselves to insinuate doubts of this. They have even gone so far as to hiut that a large proporiiou of the seven or eight thousand tickets distributed by the conscript fathers were vilely"PBAKT observed In Japanese flunkies, but on the;none of themonotonous humility" which Ou-pared lor an attack, as the Government might not will arise where its exercise would be of ser- whom we send are laborers. Ourwrites, however, that she was positively an- cess to the festival, and thatbeabletoaffordthemprotection. TheGovern-ment is represented to be considerably frightened vice to the eause of freedom.cryalthoughevery dis- bell of abloomingAlthea. Thiscomparisonoccor-is sur- additions may ofchattering savages taken out of slave-ships,;lightalready possessesuponvery pictuns- Probably they are happier thanif they down among the sovereigns, fighting for their sup-from this countiy, toMessrs.ceived no infoimation yesterday, previous to theof Congress over Slavery in the Territoriesharbor of Kamajsma bad been notified to be pre- there one chance in twenty that any occasion that we want labor, and all these Africans the Great Eastern. Our special correspondent finitely difficult for unpugUistic citizens to gain ac- When you entered it, it seemed tike the invertedthefromgumpttoasneaa,.itWhat makes the anomaly all the greater is, arrival of the Ncw-Y&rk, of the day of sailing ofof what race, is to come over and help us.North, all the support which this principle, dis- The clumsiest savage that ever handled a hoe tiseiAent Hr. livstRT, the New-Tork pilot, who attending,hisfriends, when they were planted by M. Ooaasu.Mr. DorcLAS will not have, therefore, in thethat no great reliance was placed on the adver-in the practical wisdom of Popular Sover- of feitile soil,upon one of oureignty, will vote the BepubUcan ticket,be- crops,atleast,depend-—dayorto-morrow,thoughweshouldnot begreat- ent for comfort or subsistence. What seems, ly surprised if she were to be eleven .or twelveand effective political or- on the face of it, more natural, just, and days iu making the voyage.cempact, responsible Nothing shows more strikingly the degree towere exotably shut to nine iu ten of the house-holders of New-York. Indeed, the malice of thesekept always from nine o'clock, P. increasing,ganization of the day. It is the only pariy in feasible than the retention of these captives, which confidence and haveIL, to two o'clock, A. M., and may by this time havaposition wiselysuccess,inour correspondent, that onlyto achievewhen it has been won. It representscity.At for the tone and character of the whole abirconverted, inshort,into useful members of anpassen-—the Indians, but a was cur- and embodies to-day, far more thoroughly enlightened community in retom for a few gers had engaged bertha up to the 13th.rent that faatee his arrival the Irtoians had Sed, than other, the democratic conservatism years of honest toil? The British, who cap- Her agents here have made all the necessary anythe ball.ajMl the lAUes were in pursuit ofisem. of the country. It stands raidwsyc be- ture more slavers in the year than ire do, ship arrangements to have her arrival announced bythe mostcidedly magnificent display our City baaThrou^ our Special Correspondent at Washing-ton,we^earofleliableinformation,receivedby tweenthePro-Slavery-ismwhichhasrtiledthe Goveipment, of an Indian outbreak near Car- the Inderal Government sa long, and Indian Islands, apprentice them to planters for MB TallWrnii^jHli^ the mail-riders bad been would overthrow a term of years, long enough to teach them atndeiMiiMiitker ootnaes committed. Ade- the Anti-Slavery-lsm whichacquaintancethe Pfmfh ilttDlery. folly armed and it altogether. It holds the Constitutional groundtiie arts of civilized life, and fit them to takeagents where she is to lay up, and all concerned in the preparations for her accommodation, wereactively engaged to make ready for her arrival.side was \o that within the folly equaltachmant^^eitalpp«d«i|(ttkiefolTei[s,jrifle8 and abundancaof and doctrine on the subject of Slavery, andcare of themselvestheperiodofand the rush of carriages hadbuilding, been rivalledammnnitini, will immediately proceed to paoiahwhet^and the limitations probation is at an en^ Careful super- subject, that when the Great Eastern reaches miseiable as one might have expected they would since Pharaoh and his chariots went into the Bedthe slaves, without hesitation, to tiieir West telegraph from Sandy Hook as soon as she shall;we can at least aver that while there were thou-bore themselves with the tranquil majesty of re- cognized power, there were also some dozens of the governed who did not seem to be nearly soIt is believtd by those who are informed on the which the Constitution i«^oaes,rnpon its ac- vision on the part of the Government Sandy Hook she will not draw 24 feet of water,respects, thoroughlythe rumor that extraordinary efibtts have been tion. It holds the absolute majority of nearly protectsbe. Still we are bound frankly to admit that the Sea.the Indtsac andOur Washington dispatcbes give currency tomade Southern men to bythem from ill-treatment, over-work, or unlawful detention after the expiration of thein which case she will not need to be detained at the 'oar, unless she arrives at dead low-water, as, with that draft, she could cross the bar at half-the benighted codfish aristocracy of the Japan,ptatectthe inail nrate.rigidly,induceGen.Pitwat- alltheNorthernStatesalready whileinthose;proved eminentiy flood. Excavacations are progressing at the Ham-mond-street pier to deepen the water where she is to lie.—tion, for stating that large numbers of negroes startled from medical meditation by finding atenorfifteen atBaltimore industriousfreeholders,experimentdifficulty with the old iniiabitants, and we have theauthorityofour cwrespondent,whoselet-postscript, turn ef rhet-HoBABik'who were brought as naked savages to the island, fresh from the hold of the slaver, onlyEe is anxious that any and take it Though not much of a heNew-England, stronger scent,part of the Embaasy, tbe latter commenoeda aa-Why must we, while soflbring so much—Littie Patti has lately been figuring as a, ..2. As to doty levied by the UnitedThe CemtnU Park.The Central Park invnatigation is, so far a sums, in order to send it away? Why way track in Cincinnati the other day, when hewith the naked eyetanners in the crowd through which the Envoys 4. WT)»t dlAcnmtnition. If iny, it "So* oelweeawr-from of labor, pay enormous scarcityA Rone, so very nheukras, that we are must we. when so many of us are yeam- tumbled, fell,wascrossing a street rail-.JviftM,«o destroy confidence in the^hrtatthe late political conventions, oflScee of the be promotedIiijbest trest were abandoned by their inctunbents, most flattering encomium on the manage- brings to our doors ? Where is the crime of houres, but we opine that she never " drew " to a Japanese should be made wise 7. Whether tbe rates of freight charged br A«sn-It person who passedtothe thosecircumstance to the chiefs of thetheofengaged aitfitappearsrace,sternlylias the ri#bttoprohibitexportspeclfearUThe Grand ment, in the expectation that the these wretched whombetter than in this inatance. — purpose;tasted the b'.iss ofor shoriar durattoa of theCommisrion* converting savages,a other men's wickedness have thrown on ourThe Central Park investigation wasat the AsterMawe yesterday, when a large num- His principal witness is a Mr. Dakixis, who stolen? Why may we not treat them as whole ofJuryimplicatednopaitiMBcapMjty.parllMbrBsme, bat tbey were understood ta al- era would employ him at aofopposes it, because thisand who nownefiurlons arrangement was not carried out them to the land from which they have beenyear,hands,into decentChristiansbeforereturningtheless to notice a fact which we find recorded inTHE BALL IH TBE KTE.tion was BOt vary detalte, bat the lafarence drswa roust have iras that tha laioaa weia aoaewbat higher thsa la.years following they may be intelligent?mentThe wine If New-aaflaa-;These are questions which everybody who sees Congress taking hundreds of thousandsmUntcityat the ball last night cost over tl.lOO.bill alone will not be less than |1S,M0 !Tork gets off with $100,000 her taxpayers mayprnparstioosthe most crabbedly exacting of mortals.eitlednDocuunhappily without much difficulty.bnaat^ thaof thethemwhettter toadmire or andthepositiontakenbySoutherners oflate they ought it notThere are very few competent judges in years, with regard to the Afirican race, is suchas to. convince the Northern public that, if sibly this sublime view of theIt would be ridiculous to ask people to chargelong after strike some^ tWr las- gnageisptwwnucedtobeliketheBaaqoeandtk»eventoally become self-dependent and capableand' so we Magyar,belonj^4».fess to hold, that the oatoral, normal, pre- which ordainedconditionoftheblackmanisthatof somehoursafterweshallhaveisacknowledged process transformingof slaves are at this momentfind themselveswhen it is proposed to civilize savages, merely(eepflags and lantamstokeepSlavery,it is tantamount to aandfantasticless fantastic toe ? A few skeptics and cynics have where a hundred waiters, in whom we discern— property," that hegone to morning,wasoneo#theeventsofttieage.thishigher offioeta, asfeatuies are maiked withwould exempt iteof this fundamental law of Southern society. fight In all matters pertaining to the negro and hisgrey morningwhich testify to that yet. most absolaU of quali-ties, tact. As we haveSiiau-Bc/SB has shown lusby tiie stoic calmness and unvarying meefateaarights,Southern people have long sinceaUbonds, (iontracts, or obligations, expressaa exUEitiim. ter. At a ball GusTAVtm of Sweden was subbed of. As he stood there last evening, watching Ih*fact, to ago for proof of this beyond the recent legisla^Ball athe looked thecriticandtheconnoisseur. Petkaaa-;UoMel^ atcndUgawayto all the workingmen of the world, no matter nounced for the 16th, though so little confidence tinguished man in the Union who was too far ofi' red to ourselves, but probably not to Bbtxs sadis felt in anything pertaining to her managementmakeher and appearance,heroine.littleboytwenty-fivewe trustTopics. keep Dr. Rir.GEWAV, of Olney, 111., has beenever innear the door of liis shop. ago,arenowdecentand onehavinglostaheadshouldcall,proveproperty,ofthosewho rtesof Istbeaasasrs inquiries toueUag commerce.beaphenomenon may easily be accounted for.greatlosstoitsto the spot and drew the lad to a place of safety. " "greatertion this littleourPhiladelphiaexchanges. ItisstatedthattheJapanesemade to eatertain tbem,unless theythcUinlwlcKJsi^eistsoaw Ukftt of Vhsm ^ to xtfly to Cit r-«<l=as prajralid Vy tSs Csa.-entertaining the Japanese in that$8,0001queaaaas, aad a deep iatctastwaspart ofthe A»haisiiors In the rspUss giveapaclalty aa ta tha asgnltsds ai the coBme<ea«f fhla part wtth CUaa, aad wifii other cati«a.wailonglose-pink lantern,or aavojageofUtoofHfthM«(htbemazesofSvwaifmay justlyit marks as era in the history of oar race. Pos- hind him like the beoevetent tebeis an tbe ata«i^.still echoing,merethousanisoflovelybeings,who peenliariyamUbieintiicirtypeaf- wUlnotbe and«%•knownthough tttuserideKafiBitiea withboai- of our readers extravagant Ho Councilman, we are soretoapeaking themulti-; Tycoon here;the one the slow re-purpose.doubt,wonyiagHMM / aoaetUagof SAliBBiTltT's thenceforth illustrious blue gar- with which he endures made beUigticians ? the with New- reception room, and was tastefdily omaoMntednaeA has made towards the West, which suggested to was also decorated with flowers and agsaadBOOLX and Cobkxu. and their brethren the notion of entertaining the Niphonege with a ball. As itcoated PagandomWhenat9 o'clock Jwasthestately entrance corridor of thegreat Bepublic .vapors of musk and myrtle, mingled with a great splendor of colored lights ;variety of more or less pathetic sighs from the pie shone in its deep recesses with the mimic bosoms of above twelve thousand strictly anony- Into this garden, the .windows of the Japanese mous houris. And what could be mare natural ?For was not the ball given by all of us—bycalleduponheavybills,vended in the.uncommoii market;that it was in-theatre was a clond of flags and drapery.fishtheoric, as Hr. OLiPEAjn informs us,were gallantly tugged bytheir hosts. eisoers ana citJzeni of the Uaited StMesaste d«iaacharged tbsm on Importatiom from allMnT». Whether /oiejgners bad the asms ntvUegea aa<Embassy." Where is bliss" not even to other countrlrt ? ignorance?It may not be a very pleasant reminder norance iu the fullest possible draughts, it is but In reply *a tha taquiry as to the pilee of brahosts of last night cejtainlyjust at the present moment, but we venture never- fair &»t the guests should be as well ofl.ig- loagervoyageTannersornotanners, been gratifiedhigh holiday,UetropoUtan paradiseon a to be stared at hks oldhigh stage, Adaii^persons gone grewwe have that paintedexpance can make ^such an affiair magnificent, it was de-ever seen.difficult for the crowd out- duty remarkably well,hardlyThe t^* (ke Ok Japaaeae Ambaasarfers•f Cemiaerce.true codfishthey mvariably put in a piece of dried Chamber of Comiaerce, condsttac of Mr, Plaix,Directory mighthave been met with lastSo tarfloating populationyesterday the dock sands of the " governing classes" on hand who It is but justice to add that the Palica did Oeirball must have been a decided"eye-opener" tosirloin by a vast and crowd. ragingPresident, Hr_Lc«, Vice-Preaideat,to tbe three Piltce-AmbaMadors, ths Gorenisr, tbaofobserve it. This, however, by the way. These to which the Priaees seemed to take a lively IntsrsAonthemen of fish hate tanners with a special hatredsentiment,antiquityparttohari-kari; and yet, we distinctly made put »«y to foreitn coubtriesfoftheEmbassy. TbaJapaoes* InterpretaraadMr.no less goods exported lapem? than twenty 3. What were the datl«» on foreign.aiBhan Unguesis ftnily, «o-ttie chaoctaiistie Japaaaaateaprojectors an! h experience eTtheoak, may be awed by the skepticism. Bot the Messrs. LcLin nay fOAfcODeert-roem, (latelygenions Boole had meant to tiiat miBgle„ ,,^ Sat,a.t*e_s a«_«tmm The Stock Market was lower yesterday on theepeculative Railroad shares by {'Si ^ cent., and cessful rival If tii9 tDiju'ry p-»»2r>;35;» j^j J; »'' Jo'Jv* to 5nrry Ifricia n^vsgei fraci to congratulate theiiv«elve«.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com„£S£^ jjgjSiaiiJUBSMiiuti^^ttiBAihtfii£aitt£i(^tts 