 .Ji<and w c t h y as Mr. Boa*, is now being extensively 1 refer to Edward Bates of Missouri. Says " Spes ":" Bsst it U evident that tbe 6rrt and iodi.rpenaable condit'on o *M» anion mr.st S« *u *%te*vnei>l that tb« unit- d con*+-rva*iv,©ppo>dtt«>n aball be norther a Pro-Skvery nor an Anti-Shvvrery, Vrt * cunititHtivnal part.. It is-, therefor*, with on*8ected con « e » that 1 bave s-en tbe nomination ot a d<atto*oi«h*d Souther . gent)en>an rajed by lb« e«rr*«p«n«ferot» of several loading Re»»t<hcan paper* oh tbe ground of hi* sympathy with a movement vchkh ha* for its object *be aboKUon of J>l*verv to hia o*-u Stat* of &i**oun at»d *verrtually in Ke*»to«ky,M*gryt«id. and Virginia. ©*«» not every rm>lligei»t a an aee **aria»«*>thatthenoo>inatio>i «f m Sontbenj man for »vch r-A*on<s awf wHh »nch object*, would be a« rertaftilv a *<cti»nai nomination a* woold Vbe «t«otion oSumcer oi Gidrftogs}"Of eonwe >t mmt be conceded th«t Mr. Bates is re-. THE CORONER'S INQUEST.• j'i'iFTH D A Y .a most faithful and excellent mechanic, and his char- acter as a man stands very high in Lawrence.menting bim on tbe great succeo* of T#> Demi Monde; theo- esked him, 'Pray, wbal are y<u dotog now?' ' Nothing at all. 1 am renti»K my brain.' ' Do you never read V * As little a« pos-I1tin e »-T>ooj;h yrt to undo their work. C- M. CLAY. \V->)1 the preeses whicb have published the aboveextract fivor n>e by publishing my reply?Whit* flail, Ky., Dec. 2t, 1859.©bsVnrity tv*d of ti at large ciass of men of labor and talent *hoin 8ub<'rdmae places make reputations for eninert men, and keep the machinery of Governmenta in easy motion. 8avsbe:• :"> -vI*!I feltM idRepublican Committee, of which I am one, to its sin-have given in these letters." ' -anu the American Board and the Anerican Tract So- enough; think the pintles were lai*e. enough, and that A. Douglas as the candidate for the Presidency. The - Tb*' Pope and -he Cardinals solemnly denounce <retyon either wing,, have so long marched to the the places-were not secured, for if jthe flanges should lt'th accepts the decision of the Supreme Court as butII' i. - f• • • • '••" V -:'.'•:.'.• .... ' . . " ' . ' -- . ! . . . , ,ii•W,4pli8lied." to the cenj<regntioD, who were slaveholders, joiueu inIn MihSOnri this struggle is now going on, and no mulgated by you at a late Union gatheriog, does not expressions of condemnation of the new doctrine.Bepnblican, much 1*M one who e?er heard the clarion re*-m, upon calm reflVcuon, to have possessed that Some went so far as to pay that Mr. Smiley ought notnotes of gaJJuut H*rry Cl«y, clarum. et venerabile purely rndcnlous character attributed to it by some of to he j ermitted to preach. The same sermon' wasBtndrick B. Thompton, the tire ove'se**r, how itlwas thnt't-he shafting i«« ede<l leveling so often; he said he d dn't know, laughing fall the 'time, and giving me no <:omplete answer; the blacksmith and I had some con-Central Committee,' its members were limited to those who the pen of a Washington living, the combatmight be narrated, ' were known to be thoroughly identified with his political fortuoos, no doubt, in trims as laugiilet-moving as those in which that la- and during tbe memorable Anti-Lecomp»on struggle it waa mented author I a» chronicled tbe immortal and fearles* exploits dceme<t expedient to confine its sphere of operations exclusively of P«-W Stuyvetant; bu'in the pre*ent ease lit mu*t irafBoe to to the State of New-York. Haying accomplished its original in- tay that, after sundry hn<d whacks had been given and taken, the tention, In what manner it is nnnecoMary for us to state,, it was opposing parties drew off, with a tolerahly good opinion of each decided some time bince to extend its operations to tbe Western othei's prowri-b. Next day the peer st-ui for the farmer, who and New-England States. The result of the action of the Douglas boldly entered the> p.»-sence. 'Well,' said my Lord, ' I didn't Committee of New-York can be seen to tho telegraphic oolumna much like what you gave me yesterday. Didn't intend you of our daily puperv; and so great has become Us field of political ul'< uld ' we., tbe n'ply. More talk followed; but the re*<ier wiH kkefulneqp that meatiures are about being taken to increase tbe hatdiy anticipate the re*«lt—viz: the appointment of tbe man men.bent of the Committee to conform to the labor that is before of the land' to a post of trui>t on his Lordship's estate—an act it. Aheady tho Committee embiacea the names of nearly all thoI" Sorelj theie should be no disagreement betweenmen's theoetic-.!views of Free Trade, we are agreed remains. ' That which* is morally wrong, cannot bethat there is *io prospect of the adoption of the policy politically right.'^", of -unrestrained commercial intercourse by civilized na- On page 64, after an examination of the law andt ons dnricg the life-time of any of us; and no one, I tb«; gost el in reference to Shivery, tbey add: ,the crack ran up the whole end of the building; afterthe Union.'"No man, North or South, who Is anunited by a patrioticThose who know him speak of hjm as an extraordinary intellec- tual machine- His knowledge of figures is so accurate, hi* integ- rity go unqi.etdioniiblo, that his calculations are accepted and,and 10 o'clock; I was there helping tovas6ist; myDiet. Dtleyattw. III..Benjamin Hay,-Joniah W. Brown. IV .. James Lynch,J. McLeod Alurphy. V..Tl'oma« H. Ferria, William aiarfchalLVI..Mo.gun L. Harria, Andrew Milla.VlI..ratrickG Moloney, Ja». 3. Libby.VIII..Stephen 1'. Ruiiel, Ronert B. Bradford.XIV ..James Brady, Samuel 0 . Courtney.XV ..OrvilleCUrk, James M. Marvin.XVIII..Daniel D. Campbell, Jacob 1. Radclitfe. XXII. .WmiamBal 'win,Wm. II. Walrath. XXIV-.Tbomaa G. Alvord,6T3B0E PRESIDENCY.iNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 18, I860.yT* sto I J i W ^ n u K. Y. Trlhtm:BOTTSAND BATES.i jhave wtfnessed with the deepest indignation the •black asit is p^ted. .attempt oTSoutbern bullies of the Slave ©emoeracy to • fcR: l a your iwuc of 2 i W 2 3 , w2I *e *wmd a degrade the d^istihgukhed -Senator-of New-York by;I amSir, your* very rt)«p*>«tfully,CHARLES O'CONOft AND THE SOUTHERN sent, is not inherently sinful—is not sin in itself, how think that boring any hole in the floor to pur, in a bar OlcoU, Agricultural Reporter ot Tnr. NKW-YORK TRJBTJSK.•emmtnnc&tion from Richmond,Va.% over the wgnatare «f m«Spes," recommending John M. Botto a»*B«p«b- * » n candidate-for the Presidency; and, so tnt *»th* recommendation of Mr. Botts goe*, there exiate no*e*m>n for criticising the communication.Mr. B o t t s * unquestionably * men of ability,, andslander and denunciation, and to frighten, by threats of treason, weak and timid m«n from bis support! «I t is naturaUhattyrants should fear and hate their most potent foe. But I am not yet ready to believe that he will lose the confix ence and manly support of a single Republican on that acconut. So far as the41 irrepressible confljet" bet ween Fr*e and Slave Libor,APOSTASY.To tk* Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.can it be sin at all ? If slaveholdingbe not a natural to get a bearing to move machinery; would haveinjustice and wrong to tbe slave, ana its such to be branded as criminal in iteelf, then what h*ve moral reformers or ministers of the Gospel to do with it? And why arc Church and State so stirred for its over- throw 1 What is all this commotion for, in the. moral and the political heavens, except it be that the light- ning of truth isb.asting as sin, and only siu coatinually, the foul practice of slaveholding, and the vast, defiant system of Amercan Slavery that has grown out of Blaveholding? ' Will The New-York Observer, or Dr. BacoD, or Dr. Adger, or Dr. Thornwell, or Lawyer O'Conor, answer? Honeet men, the country over. will read and ponder an honest answer.Forth© beat reports in local papeia, a fflver medal, to George B. Upton of TJit* Chicago Jomrnalor between Freedom and Slavery, is concerned, it is so deserves w« 11 of the country for bis manly opposition plainly tine that I had not supposed that all the ha-Wttatmoet flagrant outrage, tbe repeal of the Mia- bitnal impudence aud hypocrisy of tbe Slave propa-Tins mer:.al of our National Society is the largest ix*r•euri Compromifte. He possesses, in an eminent de-gree/ pluck, a quality •which all men admire, «nd to say on that bead is, that, so far as any man of ourwhich comparatively few possess. The writer of ihisand Mr. Botts fought under the same flag through thedisastrous campaign of 1844, and if he shall be ourataudard-beairr m i860, npona Republican platform,tbe " old guard" will rally beartily tohoesupport. In-much, therefore, said by•**Spes" of Mr. Botts, many fore looked and prepared for the extinction of Republicana can heartily unite. •—"Spiridion" writes to The Bostonfrom Paris, the fol owing shout the younger Dumas: "He woiks alone, and has a literary copartner la none of hi»But, not satisfied with giving the reasons for his preference, be seeks, I regret to see, to injur* the pros- pect* of another man, who, equally honorable, trueSlavery, by their aspirations, their laws, and thVir Constitution. It is not tbe fault of the Re- publicans if the old barbt-rian relic of tbe dark Ri»ep, Slavery, ubonld refuse to die a quiet death, aad be buried decently, but venture upon an'" irrepressible;Jetcett City, Conn., Jan. 14, iS«t. ,.-•..THE LAWRENCECALAMITY.ferred to in these stricture*, and as on a former occa- th»-y corstituie the i.nmbers, the wealth, the intelli-fi vepj opositionB: >'•PROPOSITION I. Our Slave Syntem is radically eviL v " 11 It is fnoiirlcn in injustice and cruelty."111. It l* a fruitful nourco of pride, idleness, and tyranny.I got part, way into the weaving-room and was stopped by the ruiDSj when a young man came up and as'ced me to bold a lantern; I held it about ten min- utes, when somebody asked for it, took it andFebruary 17, 1849, after, faying that the "inHtitntion is rights and interests. agreat evil to both races,"he decUres that"withootun-Truly your fnend,•"S. P. CHASE.•e had always supposed itto.be the weakest part of the14derf&sing u> judge for any other State it was my . '** Spinion m 1799, that Kentucky was in a state to ad- " mit of the gradual emancipation of her slave-*, and . how deeply do I lament that a system with that ob- **ject h*d not beeu established. Had it been, theT he don't know what to do, old Abe will help him out Vevidence of the sinking of the fouridation; think thatmies to choose either our platform or oar leaders. you refuse to acknowledge that negro logic ia not 80 • " Negro Slavery ie unjust. This, and this alone, of there was a giving way of a column^where the ma- porters who sbonld best describe the late NationalI trust the K«»pnblicans will never commit tiie gt^esjwitti ^these men oir lee cannot—The United S ates Agricultural Society, H will be reroJJecter, offered three silver medals as prf>5e« to re-,folly, the crime, and what an eminent titatesman instruments of Man's despoucwiiw,1A .-.-;,''re scalp, Indians, who ao . -comfort afforded as the scalp is erbeautifully finestruck down b} age*—" The paWi JUctor " have10; Londxmy at grea . this paper. Air profit bis sermpi- *who does not fe folnese and pro? :,. =nicationWith btbou^H worsfi—the " blunder"—-of allowing our ene- . Will yon,-Sir, meet tbe issue on this point, also? haveoniy developed the colored man's argument; willThey assert that"all tbey say, is capable of being fairly argued chinery wjts moved; I make up thi«-opinioh from re- Fair at Chicago. Tbe Executive Cmnaittee hav*"" "against." marks Which I had made when the mill wasexamined, awarred them as follows:ganda would venture to deny or conceal it! A l l ! carepaitv is-concerned, if he is fool enough ndt to see »t, or coward enough not to avow it, he can never have my support for any office. ' Our fathers, in formuig a mixed Government, were not so silly as to suppose that selt-tovernment and the despotic principle of Slavery conld forever coexist—they there-, " and with GodVlaw, the mo&t vehement and extreme " admirers of John Brown's sentiments are right,"— leads me to set forth in order a declaration of certain historical facts which are by no means familiar to many in the-wide circle of your readers. The facts, arethese:—HOp to the year 1833, Southern ministers of the gos-pel and Southern politicians admitted in theory the ee-eential injustice of Slavery,, and its contrariety both tolooked to by *11 sections as tbe man for " the hour.' conflict," where it will be kickedont of the presence natural and revealed religion. As late as 1830 thereThe inquest has adjourned until 9 o'clock Wednes- sible.' • D.^n't yon like history?' ' No, I tasttoetfvery deteat it,was.printed an "Address to the People of North Caro- thote boyish threats of dissolution are concerned, upon " lina, by the Board of Managers of the ManumissionLAWRENCE,! Monday evening. Jan. 16, 1859. The Coroner's Jury of inquest assembled again atsion J had through your columns, given soma reasons-why Hr. Bates occupied a poeitim strongly recotn- and if war is tbe consequence—^inevitable—I say, with "iV. It increa.«>> depravity hi the hunipn heart, whde it in- went down ; he came back and he said»*rViug bim to the fnvorable consideration of tbe Re- Henry. €< Let n come ! pi.bl CHU party, it seems more than probable that Iflaau Band nouriHhi:H a numerouH train of dark and brutal pa«#iouB it was a deep hole there which wentIf "there is any such intention as' imputed totha National -Committee, I am ignorant of it. If they so Thit however iianonnl the platform of th& party <ar forget what is due to the tnut confided to them, as to \ lay tbe partisan of eny man, or set of men, there is»n<t IUHIH, disgraceful to human nature, and Uewtructive of tbe grn^ral wvlfare."V . It i>« contrary to the plain and Bimple maxims of tbe Chris-down to the card room; he went down again, a u d i paidv " lor God's sake be careful of that lantern;" he went dowt' lUrtber, and I said, " for God's sake don't go there with that light;" he went, however, and in goii.g down struck the lantern on s-ime limber on the right-hand side; when be struck the lantern it broke and immediately fell; I shouted "fire," and stooped down to pull bim out; he was on fire himself, and the fire waHibi.re8dinx like gun-powder; I ran for our ma- chine, ana took near the center of the building, and near tbe duck factory; the bmtem was a commonam one of the " corresponderiia'Xttlluded to by "Sped." Tbe view* thtrein set forth were substantially these:tian Revelation, or religion of Christ.".wight be, a sectional ticket was highly undesirable; that snob a ticket wonld meet with a strata of opposi- tion nnreasoj ing but powerful, and its triumph would he very problematical; that tbe plan road to success Say in tbe nomination of men who could combine *tt the elements' of oppc*it?on to the present dynasty, not only in States clearly Republican, but also m P«un^yl- Taxda, New-Jerseyv Illinois, Indiana, Mi«eo'xri? and Delaware, nearly HII of v*bich, with each a candidate, might jo carried, and geveral of whicb mu«t be cirried; and that Mr. Bates, pure in character, emineot in ability, fortunate in location, and agreeing with the Bepnblican j^arty in i's fundamental principles, seemed to'hepecuji»»r'y the man. As a farther reason it was nfgt-d that his nomiwanon would Hno^iestionahly aid the Kree-l-a*H.r movement in Miacoun—a movement that i* working out, silently btt surely, a peaceable solution, by la »ful aud. constitutional meaua, of the p r o b l e m o t S K v e r y , a n d 18 d e n t i o e d t o d e m o n s t r a t e t o e*l-.er border States tbe superiority of Freedom ot-er 8T*iy€ry, a denionstTatiou that will do more for the can*e of Freedom than a thonftand vktori<r» in all :be. They say also, p. 21:" We believe that, as all men are created equallyand unalienaMy entitled to liberty, tbe child of a slave is as much entitled to his freedom at a proper age aa the chtld oi afree person, and ae such ought to have it. W e ho'd that ./uio8 which determine the contrary are capittlly unjust, and such as in truth no human legis-—" Occairiopal," in Forney's Press, draws out from ;r'RV Free States combined; and that if the Kepnblican perty, by his nomination, coald indirectly aid that mcvemext, it wa* its hi*;* duty so <io to.the principle of necessity, since this great truth stilltL-uA employed, the third story settled so that theywere •or«iig«.d to level up the main gearing severaltimes; they did this on S'uudayi; tbe spinning-room,however, was the worst; I don't, know how much theshafting was leveled up, hut know it was some, for Iagisted in the job; they altered the hangers untilthey got the shafting to run; after this I was calledimpulse, or ^ h o appieciates his citizenship in i u high and nation-al sense, can hesitate to approve the 'expression of semimeut' adopted at once. He m*y be said, indeed, to be counselor, ad- whicl. you propose. Events have recently occurred wbicb tne viser and director in r^feienoe^to tbe most important appropria-Wtake practical views of this Tariff question, as everyother, avoiding ultr&utm in every direction. I kuowj$love>'y with Christianity. No, brethren; if yon find them w o e lonnd half an inch out of level; the settling provoked a fueling of deep indignation, because of this shanefut except those who cate to inquire into the secrets .of tbe bnatoese . y< ur hearts to be evil, by unjustly and unmercifully of. the above floor might bettlo the shafting below, injustice. The Nortb knows its dunes and i-s rjbts, and means to this g-eat political center ?enslaving your fellow-creatureb; by"living in pampared and all this dicsrraogenient might have been owiug to t./ fulfil, • be one and to assert tre otber in the Uniou and uoder the " Another of these unknown nublic servanti is Mr. John M. «-a»:e and affluence on the labors, toil, aud sweat, or, the-s«-ttltg of tne floors;-they, must, however, h»ve ponstitution. It has no drtsbeto' infringe upon any right of theJndi'e, then, of my ••nrprise wbeu I saw thene reasons eharacteri»ed us '* s^cnoi al" by^Spes," and that a nun aominated for "ruoh reasons'' would be " as secti >n- al" a candidate as "Giddings or Sumner." Now, "Sectioi alifui" in my ooinum det*-rmines nothing as to whether the doctrine b* right or wrong. A party may be vex> natiooal in fVnL, but sectional tn locati^a; but with rtflectn g men principles, not location, determ- ineits.wue pofitjo'n. Lu'ber wWn he nailed his cele- brated theses to tbe cathedral door, wg» clearly sec-tionaf; but the truths he enunciated were eternal and nnrversal.Men (and uiifortunately there are many inch) who leceWe their ophvons ficm tbe outside, a»ay be etag- »eted at a "sect onal" parry; reflesting, thinking men, never. But your eorrespondent evidendy u«*e« tbeword in sn odious sense; but how the nomiuation Mr.Bate?, f«»r tbe reanont* 1 have given, can render him • obnoxious* to the charge of " sectionalism" in any such sense, yass*-siuy comprehension. If "Speo" faithfully represent* hi» own candidate, he most believe th<tt Freedom is preferable to Slavery, as much for thebelieve, propones the adoption of that policy by the United States without tre coocurreoc*- of other nations."Surely r o serious and sober-tbinVing Christian will, with those Scriptures, aud a thousand others of similaras wrong in themselves, hut calculated to loosen the wies of frater- nity and fel owsHp by which our people should be bound togeth- er. The unworthy attempts of partisans to charge the responsi- bility of thooe individual acts upon a whole sec ion, and to a»ral^nlenged by this wntint-1 at the door of the national treasnry. I understand that be has already prepared nil the bills for the action of ''onjiTcw, and when the Speaker is elected, and the Committee of Ways and Means appointed, they will he immediately pre- sented to the Honce. And yet who ever heard of Mr. .Cochran,gence, the worth, of the country,will rule the country;the fan ous malum in se controversy at the North. a suitable one; and I know that he bad at one time to In the \ear following, 1834, at the South, the Rev. plaster it up; I never felt any fear as to tbe safety of THE NEGRO QUESTION. •James Smiley preached the opening sermon at the meet- the Mil), ext-ept when up at the end near the cracl;; Iing of the Synod of Mississippi,' at Port G'bsdn; and have allowed my daughter to work in. the M'dl, but in it he argued tbe righteousness of Slavery from tbe have always unoerttood tb«t she should not work near**e2pressed it. I nhoold be m<st happy if what :was SlR: The meeting held by some colored residents of leadirg members of the Synod, as containing fa'se aud rpeuk about the builoiog'being unsafe; the leveling is **• imjcracl icab e at that epoch could: now bo aceom- Williami-bnrgb, to protest against the doctrioeB.pro- uEH-riptural vievtb. Many intelligent men belonging done in a'l mills, but n >1 so much as there; 1 asked—Thc-N. Y. Leader has the following account of the " Douglas Organiwition" in this city:" State would now be rid of nil slaves. My opinionn**men frl.onjd besitafe one moment ia B?mpnthy wjr.h preached a few weeks .afterward at Oakland College,t the reporters far the press. The remarks of sjme o in the church of which the Rev. Mr. Chamberlin, ^oe veisation about tbe crack; I then had tbe lantern invaj-jr Jjrom hia firs*» It ocout» to me just here, that a to * extracts from the fathers. may not h^ inappropriate,tee a plan adopted for the aHoJV taon of it (Slavery).Say* Jeffer soo: »«The abolitvox' of domestic Slavery •*is the greatest object of des<re in thexe Colonies,country. The year after, Mr. Smiley amplified hissermon into a book, now famous as " Smiley on pieces ir each stction, bolted together with three bolts; opon a plan of operations for the future, which will embrace sane time holding up a redoubtable whip in a threatening man-** wbert* it was unhappily introdu* ed in their infant ing the authority of the Bulls ipsued by Panl III. and•Estate." Urban VIII., "most severely castigating" all thoseSays Monroe: " We have foun d that this evil*• tSla^eiy) has preyed upon the v*».-y vital* of the who " should preach, or teach that it [Slavery] is law-** Union; naa been prejudicial to all tin ^ States in which ful," he decrees:M it Las existed." "Wherefore, we, desiring to divert this disgraceIf '4>agree with such sentiments, an*.1 so far as law- from the whole confines of Christianity, having taA *o aid m carrying them out be " se\ 't'onal," then summoned several of our brothers thr.ir Eminences •eetionalism is ju«-t and true, aad its O\>JOK ite, by what- the Cardinals of the holy Roman Church, to our Coun- •ver name calh-d. is or-just and untrue. cil, and hnvmg maturely deliberated on tbe wholering with the BiUle side of Slavery; and Democracy began to insert in its platform the divine right of prop- erty in man.canal were full length; the other half wore a little some unpleasant truths to his Southern brethren. He short—four inches on each end; the center pieces were said:1 him if w>n»inbteo by a Repoblican Conveutiyn, I cBn- % a *•Tie black ma. "> 1 nndeistand, aloo made another en<*es upon the white man, and upon tbe'black man; that it ia lip tiy the columns utlow; never knew of any o'ber to keep »D eye on tbet3e gentlemen, and says: *'M.C0 Mom euux, and tne infirmary is also established there.i\Untitled Document^ b i t e ' I h a v e t h e h i g h e s t n - r i p e c t f o r t h e c h a r a c t e r o fo r d n i t e d i « y n a t u r * - ; . t h a t i t 1H e n i i m v i t m i o n < - , i « * t « d b y n a t u r e i t - w-ll; thai it fairies win. it duties for tbe black man','and duties for tb^ white, which duMes cannot be performed except by tbn pieteivution und— if gentlemen plmse—tjie perpet'iuti'.»n/of th-im i l l w i t h r o J o n g s e c t i o n s ; t h e r u a a w h o superintended the. building said tbey should never be over twenty-two or twenty-four fe>t; tbey werew h o t r a i n e d W i t hA t S t . C l o u d CO h o r s e * f o r d i f f e r e n t p u r p > e s u r e a l w a y a kepi. Tbe bore^p, when requiring to be .turned oat to- gTiitf, uie Hei>t to Meudon; tbe breeding. s^ud is at Vili»n«-uve-i'Eumg The satldle-harses are all En- gli«», and those for cu'iiagee En^lUhand Norman, aiwl thepOHMnghorsesarehiortc.au..< ,'\\— The i>ovth Btnd (lud.) 'Reguter. says" that .the-R»vDr BaitdbusbeentherelecturingontheWarinMr. l>ates of Mission, and would cheerfully supry>rtGt-rrit Smith and Fred. D'>tigla«a in 1848. »bould fct 1 e above acting as agents for Helper'shook in 1860. "\\PERSONAL.—An old man in Mason County, Illinois, describingnot allow*tba* his cUim» nre to be put uo as superior tOHbeseof the' falh«-rsof the party. W e allow himJt is tit and proper; it is, in its own nature, us an insti-tveniy-seven; the beams w»rb small for tbe length ofax/eAukl»ty—-no more. I kcow not by what authority knelt by y.,nr f a t h e r SV.O* «» tt .Catholic cburcb m thi-. fider it."'by Mr. Winn, the over»eer, was very heuvily loaded:C4It is no mai v«l tba'. wben the ministers of orthodoxy, so at. ithe time; thoughtbeneficent, when three Popes had sealed its condemna- tion with the Ring of the Fisherman ? A- question which, I imagine, even you, S>r, with all your acknowledged forensic ingenuity, will find some diffi- culty in answering latisfactorily.Pope Gregory XVI;, no more remotely than the year1837, promulgated a solemn Bull, in which, after cit-friends of Judge Donplas will be convened in this city, to decidebeen attempted to lend the authority of the National pr;x ntely, things coutrary to the admonitions which we with The A'. Y. Observer and Dr. Bethune iu the van, not large enough, and not mow than half thickci't-.'t- SHI ir.g.—1 be French Imperial stud altogether is composedSin:tee of New-"Y«-rk merchants, in yesterday's T R I B U N E , —so naively admitting that, " if Negro Slavery, how- "ever humanely administered or'judiciously regulated, " b e an institution which conflicts with natural justicebeen stated here too low; I should think they wouldvveigh over 3,(K)0pounds a piece, but thid is a mereestimate from a'close calculation; the crack in the cor-ner of the wall much weakened the mill, ae the crack the world. Toe designs on its two faces are intended was in.the corner, and the corner is (he strongest part to sijii/ify (he nati nal character of the Society. W * of the building; this mill had but very little vibration—less than other mills—but this is not a proof of safety preeome that similar piizes will be offered in thia and> or test of strength; the mill bad a flat roof and was. succi-eriing years. It is a feature which onr State As- very wide, so there was no chance to vibrate; a peaked sociations wt-uld do well, we think, to imitate.roof, however, would have been no improvement, asTbe letter of CharleB O'Conor to the Commit-Farmer.o* the nations, and rot upon a dung-hill ! So far as althe contingency of the election of a Republican Pres- "Society of N. C , on the Evils of Slavery," at 7 o'clock, and the introduction of testimony iwas reday morning. . .POLITICAL.wiihoot knowing anything about it.' 'Why don't you writv plays in verce V ' Btcause it is absurd and impossible- Can there h<- anything more ridiculous than to make a notary talk to verse V 'BntMolieredid,though.' 'InMollere'ftlraeeverybodywore- coats embroider* d with spandes. W e have left apazglea toent,theywillperhapsfrightenthosewhoonlysee the lion's skin; but to 'Us, behind the scenes, ths ass is too plain for pioper stage effect. I kno v not what others may intend, but for -myself, if Mr. Wise, or Mr. Jeff. iSavi*, or any other man, aspires to play the " general" in such cause, as some of their friends inti- mate, and which I am unwilling to believe, they will turn out abler strategist a than they have proven them- selves statesmen, if tbey manage to keep ttieir neckB out of a halter! In a word, »he Repuhlicms, w e nsumed. - ••, ' '.'.,. , John. Crawford, sworn—Have been in the employ Darnel North is now incarcerated for preaching the of the PemberU-n Company, for five years until nineLETTER TO THE HON. T. R. STANLEY. lature hat> ajust right to enact, aioce such laws must square one, with a metallic top, bottom and corners,of go-vemmept, unblessed io intellect, an inferior lawyer, a very awkward parliamentarian, he could no more master tbe labor or conpiehend the details of that position than a blacksmith coald unot-mand the macbhwry of a watch. Even the most aeeoin-V"COLUMIUJS, Oct. 25,1859." MY OKAR Sin: We were all gratified to hear ofbe opposed to the WILL.of the Almighty Governor ofthe Universe, and bis' will must be supreme. Andin which four squares of gb*ss were set; it was not protected by the usual guard about that style of lan- terns; itipcairied by a very l.irg? fl«-t bail, to hang considerably on tbe arm; a small square lamp of in*tal,•with'-a single burner supplied with burning fluid, rested upon the bottom of the lantern, and gave the light; witness was then asked about the building of the mill; I was in the mill fixing some machinery in the third story, and I saw a big crack in the wall; thisJohn Sherman to the Committee of the Peyton banquet m Philadelphia:htnoe we believe that this will of the Supreme Being your election to the Senate, and I was particularly conttitutfs the only 'proper authority' by whichgratified by your letter confirming the good news, and mai amission should be regulated. On this subject wets&uring me of j our personal good will. Believe me v.ould eay with Plato, that' No mortal can make lawsthat I value the esteem of such men as yourself far to purpose,' unlets made ID conformity with the divine" WASHISOTOX, Jan. 10,1060." GENTLEMHN: The claims of public duty here wiD deny me the pliKL.-rl staiesmau is compelled, when placed In the chairmanship-n»»rebighlj than any office; and only regret wben I iustice to a law which violates the law of nature, orcompare my knowledge of myseIt with that esteem, # t j a t I c i u n o t f e e l i t i s b e t t e r d e s e r v e d .* ill— that is, no human authority can give sanctity orpleasure of participating personally in the compliment which yon oi this r.orom>ttee, to rely upon the eflbrta'of others The bratoahave Undcicd to the Hon. Bailie Peyton. I regret this the more, of the Committee of ways and Means are supplied by Mr. Coch- ainco one of the objects intended iato. ' brmg together men of ran, a cleik. (a modest, quiet, una*sumtog man, who has served iapetition and inflnence from different sections' of our common that capacity for a numDer of years), who devotea himself at all country, in older that they may unite in «uch aa ©xpreasion of tirres to the prepa-atinn of the bills and to tba collection ot dataany other principle in the will of the Almighty Rulero f t b e W o r l d . S u c h l a w s m u s t t h e r e f o r e b e a c w r a cinteiead of a blessing to those by and for whom theyRepublicans as to the Tariff. Wbatever may be any have been enacted. Neither are they sanctified by this time I worked in the repair-shop; while I wasCATHOLIC.Now, in the ivame of Heaven and humanity, we ask, and from talk I hud wHh a perwu in the m«ll; I never For tbe beat letter* from the Fair, a «nrer medal, tor Henry S. ; if holding a man as property, without the man's con- repoiredany loor by reason of settling; should notGrecnshorougb,theveryCountytownwheretheRev.sentiments of that Address in Guilford County. In months ago, when 1 was discharged by Mr. Glover;—The following are the delegates elected from morjiiUhank". But to tell you the trntb, I know little about Mo-this Addrt88 (a copy of which I have before me), thewriters, calling themselves " the friends of Liberty andEquahty," and printing their names, maintain these daughter was in tb<> ruins, and I was looking for her;AlterriSjfr Samuel V. Dickinson,Daniel Lynn. Eusene hhlne,Patrick Garrick.John 1. Bei.ly,John Tucker.Peter McKnigHt, Joseph <JL Hrowning. Wm. J. Brisley. Thomas Lawrence. Isaac Lawrence, Beury Smith.Stephen fc>. vVandell, Wattne w Mc M all tn. George H. Taylor, W m A. Wa'drou. Wi/liam S. Clark, Fred. W . Hoffman. John i . McWhorter, > d«r. M. Holmes. Henry Pratt,Henry C. Beach., —The following letter was addressed by the Hon. Commiitee of Wavs and Means. Utteily unskilled to the scienceinto the card room, and helped level up the fly frames;O rtainly I do not. I am a practical man, and wiih to import, before hjs eyes, attempt again to reconcile they weTe leveled up in various ways, and some of it hefoie the world as sympathizing with such criminaUty, baathinks being sc, I am clear'y of the opinion toat Tarifftows, like all other laws, should be so framed as to dowhich tbock every na'ive idea which mankind have of line of the shafting runs about one third of the way cViation and mntnal c<mcesi.ion. If we do not inherit all the vir- of tbe picidirig officer He began his •<rvice a* a page, and Ibltiverv." the pieces of timber were seven by sixteen Theliev. Dr. Fuller, an eminent Baptist clergyman, before they were planed; theyl bad ,a free- then of Charleston, S.. C , now of Baltimore, next fol- quarter piece between, making jthe beam six- lowed in a Scriptural apology for Slavery; then Dr. teen ihchea for the fir^t three or four floors. Theeveiy section of the Union, and be felt in every State Conten- ntr. ' Fight,' returned the editor, proouctog some silver; ' why, tion or delegation that meets prior to the Charleston nomination " I could get a man easy enough to thrash you for fiese two half- «rowns.' An indictment was for this afiair preferred against the noble lord at tbe Norfolk assizes, but the hearing of tho case wao po*<pon«d, st.d evntnally the matter waa bushed npinaPick-'' &nj tbcre be, is in their premises.HENRY T. CHEEVER,Se«. or the Chuich Anti-Slavery Society.The very important testimony given by Mr. Hirdtng books orplays. Tne fo'<lowu»g conversation, wblch is reported to- will be iead with great interest, owing to the cornpe have takr.n place between him and a literary man hero, no«y give tency aud character of the witness. He is regarded as yon somelight into bis character. The literary man wa* eotnpli*informed of al England, hia let and entertaiais:. —The Secret^ Sec and 'Fox In .presented; tbrotpoleon. The tr a.splentiideq?dp pipe, aiirt variot expensehasbei'oration. ;" •—It is eaid ih; more in the r&Hi the principal ou from the Ru.- $100,COO,CCO, b Wroaos has on sell it for $60,0C—The New-V per says.- In tb feir niece of Mamenial altar by—Joel Osbnn ginia, en the ^id his executors V^ i v e the money shire Ranicad I ths road. The—The artLua on Tuesday, to. the landscape p that city. Afl din, the Art Cc-port oh the CajThe Limeric,Derby has witl w h i c h h i s l o r d i the tenants on<mediately after—Chief-Juati ifromhis attack -will be able to*:very shortly.—One ofth, Shields, Washi sum of $303 in •sufferers.—Gen. Casii Detroit a.lot < School-hon.-e.;—Wendell on Touesaiht Institute, Jun.—Mow. G pegne W'ne j route to the "fl He is providet of unequak-i •—One R'.r. which be B»] Camp Meetk- j spees, and pre•sued him in a much she wan He consented•eompBshed h other'victim, the same wagives watuu ; again.f-Thc Wi'•The Hoa. ooverbut, i« ^ti no particular d solicitude B.-n<v Waahincton j indeed."f-In themorning, "U S-lBou'Woll that he L« al nection w:d probabilit; of Educatk• ..J—The fonentlawye^ of Apr-aig. .- —At th< •giderable al by the ::uh| ' gfntlemun <• 8picuou>. from the0 attire hehe mutt vrj-appeararcs—A niili-owner, fa bank hi*- by the rynj. Teverent' her father induced marriagewas maml eloped wrj—Mr. years' com ' has tuk»:i i .patch, omHamsou, tl ton to elsI —We actreee, burglai: Conn., tJ VReadme 11 o'clock| dobr froi withm t.J shrieks ol| drove riw sistan-. room HI proctu.et; —Av|• fcohredof the ieaaeo tbe lately b-\Vtodi-citeuateto. j Gaihuv V •<twntu—Mr. Jacob Barker,, an old and esteemed citizen of William Wmans of the Methodi-t Church. Then, aud next were an in;h smaller, I think, each way; worked Uew-Crleans, at the Pilgrim Celebration in that city,not till then, taught by the clergy, politicians like on the Pemberton Mill until it was complete; on the Oniric* O'Conor chimed in, and made the welkin third story floor tbe first half of the beams next to thoin alluding to the Southern bluBter about disunion, toldwicki&n kind of fashion."—Apenbh n «>f £50'a }ear has been granted to Mrs, J«net Tajhr, an authoress whose works are well r-novrn to, and are appreciated by, the mercantile ma- rine ot Ei gland. Mr-. Taylor is the authoress of an *' Ejitcme oi Navigation and Nautical At-tronomy;" <% Impioveu Lunar Tahlee;" " Planisphere of tho Start-;" " HbUd-book to the Local Marine Board E x - smiiiati'ns;' " Guide to tbe u«e of Maury^s Cuarts," &c. In fact, she 'Btbe Mrs. Somerville of tbe marine v orld. She a<so keeps a Nautical and Mathematicalalike through the whole tweufy-siven beams iu a •" W e know'full well that our slaves would not he worth, tho Politicians naturally and logically reasoned: If story, and 1 think that about half Were short; slioald cloth*-* tbey wear if the Union should b* dissolved. Then- val'ieSlavery be not malum in se—which our ministers and think the short ones all retted from two to three inches consists in the preservation of Southern rights, as guaranteed by theo ogians, ftuoied in ethical distinctions, tell us it is in tie main wall; tome of ihem may have rested four die Constitution. Should it b*e vacated by a division of the not—ti-en \f,mu>-t he bonuminse. Taught by their inches; theie were pilaster*, il Ii-ecdUect rightly,com- Union, the Norther* s«ction would imitate tbeir cousins, tho ministers of the North and South what Slavery is. not, ing as far as the'l third floor, and thjin were discontin- Britifch, making nil free who should put foot on their ..oil. This bouibem slavetoldeis and politicians were uot slow in ue.!;; the timbers were not cut short; they were not would depopulate the border States of their slave population, and teaching snob a positive conclusion in regard to it, satis- ordered Jong enough; I cut them myself; think that they would, one after another, become Free States, until nut oneCleveland, Ohg, Jan. 5. &C0. BJCP. UBLICAN. matter, pursuing the footsteps of our predeces- factory w their reason, sootbingto tbeir conscience, aud the projections were built from the pilaster {witness re- would he left to tell how it had happened." sors, admonish by our apostolical authority, and •in aline-with tbeir inic-ests. And long before tbe ferred to the plan); I know where (these short, timbersMR. C. M. CLAY ON THE P&ESIL^ENTIAL urgently invoke in the Lord, all CEriBtians-of what- late rpee/;b of Mr. Chailes O'Conor in tlie Academy of were put; they were proje.tions thrown out from the —The Democratic Indiana State ticket nominated at:':•• •I.. ,QUESTION. ever condition, that none henceforth dare to subject to Murie, or of Mr. Curry of Alabama in the House of Wall; J »m su•"r•e" it was ou theisouthern hilf that tbe furious Convention in Indianapolis, is: For Gov- Academy at tbe eat«t eud of London, tho upper schoolSlavery, unjustly persecute or deepoil of- their goods, Representatives;- they had embraced " with a will " wherever the projections w.-r*-, the photrt timbers were ernor, Thomas A. Hi.ndricks of Shelby; for Lient.- ofwhich it<devotee to the preparation of masters and To tJU Editor of The Sativmti Era. the position stated by the Rev. Dr. Adii«r, in tUo placed; think the northerly h>ijf did nSift: I find the following going the round* of the titrits to others, or furnish them aid or assistance in soprojections, because the .beam* were not long enough; State, William ,H« Schlater of Wayne; for Auditor of li hnent is..under the patronage of the Admiralty,on ihe n*xt floor the b«-ams were fufi) length rested 8 Tr nit) House, Eaat h dia Company, and the principal inches on tbe wall; thema«on work waft carried up one Stats, Joseph Ristine of Fountain; for Trenaurer ofha'fatatiaie.andthenthetimberswerelaid;IaskedMr. State, Nathaniel F. Cunninghamof Vi^o; tonActor- ocean ftcitm navigation Ctunpauies. We are not " It 1Hthe b«>t form of «oci«ty pongible among u>. It in good KowlftH what I bhould do about, cntiing on'the ticuher; ney-Geneial, Osoar B. Hord of Decatur; for Superin- aware tli>,t any obvious reason why a lady should notpapers:doing; and on no account henceforth to exercise that ' h>hnn an traffic by which negroes arc reduced to Slavery, AS IF THKY WKRE NOT MKN, butFooth, in these terms:not only for ux, but g«iod for them. The relation itself i» the he said cut them as )on^ KH you < HO and I will tellvery l.'-at.jioHniblofor boththerac*» thus utran<>elybr^ug^tto- Capi.BigeloW; the result was ilu projections were tendentPublic,Instruction, SamuelL. Ruggof Atl«-n;g«-tli<r in Kiud'f mjjgterioriK providence. Existing an thee do in-the «iidntol UH, th.i end of thi* relation would necessarily be the built; the joints v>ere. well n.ade ^itb seven eighths for Clerk Supreme Court, Cornelius O'Brien of Dear- rnd of all their woi.d»>Tfu) proKTens—the peKinning of tbeir retro- inch bolts; r.ever knewva mill to 'gienkion veiy.rapidly into ihe baroaiisni out of whi.'b we havi» be supported like born ; for Reporter Supreme Court, M, C. Kerr of"TK« Bjir»s MOVZXBJJT.—• Ion.' of The Baltimore" Sim,i m t u * from Wajrhi&ctcn that the ltepanliean leader* have i ban-d»b«d tbe porpoae of noatinatin< Mr. Sewa'd, and hav« d^ta r m * avromota or chattel*, and are sold in defiance of* 1 !•«• ^xiwiinp ndntion b«tw«en the white and th*> bkek man in ilu m houtljt'.rjj btaten i» a iiec«B<s&ry and a juet and a good re- lation.law* to Doi-ilM* Mr. tfi&tS of Mlaaoari a< I'reni'ienc, and Hei ''7 all tne laws of justice and humanity, and^devoted M. Re»d of l'ennaylvaiuaaaVice-President. Themovement **•wry adroit, in a tarty aenae, for it will conciliate the Old-Lia 9 to severe and intolerable labor. We further V< big *nd induatrial inte'ea'a of the Middle State*, 'i'b* pnrpo-t ' rejroha'e, by , our apostolical authority, all t W • f the Kepnr>Ucan* to rail; und«r th*>, highly napewaole candi- above-described offenees, as utterly unworthy of thebencquaintcdaithan>branchofmathematicalscience; l>uti» nmy possibly afford surprise to eome of ourrea- dei 6 to hear of one w b<? indoctrinates practical seamen j not only with the principles of ordinary navigation andthe'most approved meihods of determining the l*vi-Indians, itegroe*t or oth»-r clasves of MJCN, or he actA- Rootliern Pre^by Uriun Review, as the position of tlienot have these Governor, David Turpie of White; for Secretary.of mate* in ihe navy and merchant service. This eetab-i i ' i abOTe oiao^i wit) be manifested at a meeth. % of th« K«pub* Christian name; and bv the same authority we rigidly been God's ag'ufa iu partly r»«claiuiing them. And ezi«ting as thit- in tbe shoring; ebould think tho best lif.thod w>*s Floyd.Keafi Ka»ional Cdmxdttsee, v h l c h ia to take place the pr««ent II •kouh "prohibit and interdict all and every individual, whether they dom >he niidstof UB, tbe und of thin ielation would be tbe not usedin the shoring of this.'uull always; that; ttie'», cclesiast'c> 1 or laical, from presuming to defend that end of all ub»liiy on oiij or their part to dwell peaceably together. columns of the lower stories were about big —Tlie 12th resolution of the late Ipditma State Oem-illri*1n y 1 t;ff?' li that djsqualmes him for their support,toen Ibope that be the body of Christ—do you believe^ I ask, that the simple Question in no foreign idiom. Is SLAVERY think that if one of these jpillars had broken would scorn to tiike advantage of any man. The ver-I know not whether tbe above comes from,a friend •T».neri«my of tneRepubDcan cause; and bad it notamerce in negro slaves, under pretence or borrowed col'or, r r t o tfach or publish/in any manner, publicly orTJinri l'urc lbn reluiion is good."enough for tbe third wtory,and I capssaidweretud« P, but cun alpo initiate them into the mysteries of dciatic Convention instructs tbe delegates t«» tbe spierw-ui trigonometry, and its application to great'music m minor mode SLAVERY IS NOT MALUM IN «>E, by any canse break, as one did once, the pintle couldas it ie one of * series of attempts on toe part of " ex- SJ*>v*-r v a 8 unchristian, inhuman, and unjust; you, that politicians should now move with more exultant come up into the hollow Column, tb[e corebeuiy; larger the evidence of tbe -true meaning of the Constitution. of tr« w 3l»0 to 4tu horst-«•—saddle, carriage, and poet- 'j j r Q\ 'onor, iheir Spiritual Child, condemning their tread in the major measure, SLA VERY IS JJONUM IN SE. than the pintle; I abked if they were secure, when The 17th reaffirms the principles, contained iu the Cm- j hor»«-8; and tbey are now distributed in live different *• pediency per tc" men to destroy tbe vitality of the ininnctio. ri>'. teach that Slavery is emiuehtly just, Chris- Tinder t):"eteachings of tbe boasted oracles of oitbo- we were putting them up, and was told that was cinnnti Platform, as expounded by Buchanan's letter Artublihl.menlH—atthe Lonvie, tho Tuileriea, the Rueister purposes,I tbouid have passed it in silence. ButRepublican cause, I A all give it a,passing notice, and, tian and humane. Who is the correct authority? doxy lor a score of years past, indorsed by the great the orders; Isaidnouftore, it being none of my buBiue*d; Ssr myseifj repndiate ite whole tenor. ThePope ai,<^ the Cardinalsor Mr..ChirleaO'Conor 1 Missionary and Tract, institutions of tbe Church in tbe tbe bnilduig in aUparts, tor its size,was rather eleuc-er; Asthebla»ckmM* a^ked: Canyou,Mr.O'Conor, UnitedStates,itiseasytoseehow"arationaland notonlythectluninsweredeficient,buttbcrewastooMontuigne, Rue do Mouceaux, and Saint Cloud. Tho —TheAlbanyStandard saysthatabetof$500was activeterviceisatibeLouyre,andtb*privateoneatthe•In the fij>t place, no discreet friend of the R^puWi- holding tbe» views you do and teaching them as dirptife-Moiiaie inquirer,'5 like Mr. O'Conor, " wouid ninch space (.'iven to the wings, making the walls ntafle in tim. city 3n Snturday, that if C*gv!er aint Ca»- Tuiteri»-s. At the Kue Montaigne aie the naddle-horses can caore would, in adwanxre, at'empt to prejudice the y<>u do he . a w»n>>d Catholic? Or can you he " find no difficulty in arriving at his conclusion," ex- •weak; I would have had three rows of columns, Ol the Euipregtf, ab Well as a number of Carriage-hordes, claims of any pow-jble oti>dioluteof the p*rty. Soch is a Catholic afc a^1 7 ^ o u have shown some boldness pres».e< with co much pluck and.smiplicity': making shorter sections; the machinery was-very sitly alieni -the (!,barlreton Convention, tbey will be nvtthewayofjustice>.ndfairpl»)jana,ofc^nse-already•will\vouheholdenoughtom*etthisiss-ie7 "lhotvtiroslaveryisuotnnjtist;thatitisbenigninitsiufln- heavyfortheeirrtaco-,•aannsirounweighttobeheldanmodasAboliiionists.ItcallsuponSouthernfrieudsHudol-unncarriuge;bor>*-»arealsvikeptattheRue •jcence, not tbe w«y of sueeess" n o n i t " H e r e l t l t e d a o i n t e r e s t i n g i n c i d e n t i n y o u rlift an incident,,io\0.which h»s been much spoken of,ev5o amx-n/r your ps.*htical co-behever-, since you euun-cietcd your broad doc,trine in your speech at the Acad-emy of Music. Years «g'»,.a» the story goes, you. Sir, tuln/n, beiieticial t<. ho»b luces; aud the ettectxif this assenionthe?R*-puhOeanleaders'^atWaehiutfton(ifao^hbe ciy,wl,4Masswasb.ei,»Kce'ebrated»>yapriestwhothe tru«b, avbicb I disbelieve) venture to.dicbUe a wa« as black »s ebony ! \I)'d you then believe. Sir b?Kue of.'eied by Mr. O/Conor in the name of the Pro- have been moved if it was held up for fear of diffi-•v.*.•holes-of candidates to their j re-,,, tbe great people of tfaORepublteanpaityinConventidna»Sembled. Su;hthat tbe Sacrifice wan ineffeV10"' becante it was .>fTored upl>>»*negro1 Didyoukxeelbeforethealtarat>yp-culty; it-has ever been mv opinion that the floors wereloadedveryheavy;theremight.nothuvebeeua"Abe liincoin,"whothe tw i e |—Stsystem.is not diu.misbed by our admitting.that mauy faults are practiced the lection; should think the car ling-room described()hrstianAbolitionistswillnovrejoicetoaccept,the S avery Democracy which he represents, ia SLAVERYshouldhave thought that theImachmerv shouldUNJUST? WedevoutlythankGodthattheidsuel*uo and b'eseed you and all aroonV you, did you b«ljeve uiateiHgecce. and pubbc service, will entitle them to, position which ibe Anntgbty (act'ording to you, Sir,) reverend apohijiists for Slavery about malum in'se, Kraining more; think that it would have been better the mud to Springfield to borrow a law-bo«k, and afcdnomore. So f*r a** Wiltiam U.Seward w con- designed for him; the Sl«ve of M*n .iustead QI the Ser- will hencetonh beahjuieu. The fabjo position in the to have had tlie pintles and thj» pillar* turned and when studied, w mid return it to get another, and thusvant of God, a thing instead of a beitij^' 7 Do you n «w mitcd together; don't think that deficiencies iu the serned, 1 have 'never been his panuttui; but I know think that the black banos which the C-hurch thought' interest of Slavery, #tft!it Slavery is not sin in it«elf,iCtofcgretSKmat atteu»p. is not new in the ubttory of this ociite? And when the black baud signed the Cross longer t^ he rnystified by Latin phrase, is Slavery much greater weight to the square foot than in smaller when be would i plit rall» by dayligbt, and then study lad} aud tbe 'ouns of Europe, and ttiat he " t o l d o fM\v#penherbe-»oranyotherRepublicanwillevergetit.VPJVBT 1 "Thefriendfloftrath"sayaMr,O'Conor,Sest'"'beyinthepioieeiioncanmeethimlaCourt,andiflyofthedeceasedCol.Ebeyhavereceived-thatgen-. •• •theCharleston Convention to vete as a unit for Stepheuanointed African malum in sr 7 But it is as yon justly remark, There nvlls, hut we cannot put double the weight on double tun." Another* ays: " He would walk 'ten miles iu the many and pre^ung invitations from crowned heads " is nothing left/for us to do but to'show that Slavery the length; .should think that changing the bearing byoountry, anrf jte BU-JC*-^ Was such, I think, HA not to (he blesi-ing inoperative because,'k»v t* a r*-new«»l! They will of course nave such-weightinthe'Conventiona*theiriudividoalworth, whogaveitwaspervertedintoapriestfromtbetrue "Isonjun." TheleurnednonseBC,firststartedby movirgthemachinery,therewouldbedangeroft n Abe -I , week.- ^iart<vTi | ,-*•xar-e .U-d; Loculoe i-W^"At 'Sunday < the obj.'the!the.,, herbii »«l«tthe acquired bis profest-iou; and although he never read weie iu iheir conversation, how reluctautiy they per- nothing in his personal or pofitn--al life whi-;h would and that t-Javeholdmg is not inherently sinful, which pillars could have been known [except by examina- law in any office, he is now the moat eminent advocatenot as much entitle him to u Old-L*ne Whig " support pure enough to consecrate the Host and to hold what has worked so mischievously to retard the cause of tion, unless it appeared on the outside; had no reason nmted him to d*part, and how urgently they beggeda* Mr. Bales, unless it be bis Republicamsnu And if j on, Sir, if, you really be a Catholic, matft believe to Emancpation in our ooutitry, ie now to give plawo to for apprehension because of tbe short timbers; I hi the State." A lawyer at Springfield says: ** He him to cull again.'"'those hands were not fit to touch the hem of your gar- jw aa t? have come down, it would have brought —The Victoria (Oregon) Colonist says that the &rn-Jfcaawp-nnfahovethe lower floor; taking at least two beams after ''tfeVfirst pillar bad broken, the others would.break error,if easier; I bave examined the ruins, but have seen noabout one-third of the Congressional Districts of this place; I know how the-fire took; it was.butween 9 State, so for as heard from:lieie.- I read not long ago Le Misanthrope; that ia no* a play- Mo- lieie ends two acts to the same way exactly; a menial comer and tells AJc*-st«- be is wanted.' ' But what do you think of Cor- neille V ' He ia a born.' ' SurWy you don't think Montaigne a bore?' • 1 nev»-r read him. I bought t'other day, ftab«l*is, Il- lustrated by Gustare Doro, reckoning the engravings woold make merc8dth*t<xt; but I bad to jdve it up.' • Or«at Heiven* ! Pi ay te.l me, 'hen, wbo are your literary idols ?' ' De Bakac and Shakespeare- Whenever I do read, I read them. Aa.I don't4 know ICnplifib, I read Benjamin Larocbe's translation of Sbakea- pcart. H i is really, really tbe genius; be has gone to 'the bottom of everything, divined everything. »aid every thing; be ia alwaye true to nature. Ah! Shakespeare is my idol!'"I was in the Wathii gton mills when,tbe calamity tookHarclay of Indiana, joomal clerk of th<? House of B^presentativea. rican, do not.insult the common sense of maukiud, and all settleC alike, the machines would not bave been so sions of its t«rrito"iy, oi any meann by which tbey may be Incited, and details as Cochian is to tho expendit TOS and revonnes of thethat we have always bad a Tariff. I know that weha-ve never had a horizontal Tariff, unless the Compro may we not say, the 'flesh and blood,' of tbe poor Af- settled more than an inch to do all this; had tbe floors South, nor to encourage, palliate, orjustify outrages upon or inva- Mr. Barclay in as.tboroughly verged to^e parbamentary secrets ,mise act of 1833 may be called such. I know that fora lorg time to come, and perhaps as long "as our Unionshall endure, we feball have a Tariff. Now, these the goppel to the support of a.principle and practice four times, but how much I do net know; the main " The Connitution was fr»med and adopted m a spirit of con- s an, imaied Tl-addeus Maurice, who miiy be'called the prompterput that leligiorj which you profeos to love "to the unevet; the floor had soiled more in soine places than nor to disturb tkose relations of brotherhood by which we have GovernuieuT. As you enter the House, when it is fully organised, blush, by prostituting the mild and gentle doctrines <>f in others; aUertbis, tbe shaftingwas leveled up three or jrown'into the dignity and proportions of a ^reat nati n. you will hee ktandtos on tbe right of the (Speaker a yourig gentle-natural and universal justice!"These were the theoretical views of Southern Chris-from one side of the building, and very hear the first tues, we may at lea*t cherixh tbe precept and the example of the think it was Mr. Coti«» who first took advantage of his skill andanaiier as for the slave, both upon political an** eco- No man, in my judgment, deserves the name of an*oTxic aronnds, leaving of course every State to decide American statesmen, who would not so shape Ameri lir^ufcd from those premises in their definitions, that, as you would feel the wiud c m e . When I was playing formed, and all the obligations whicb it imposes. Accepted with£er itself when and how it »ball be brought about.Mr, Clay'-* ]lau we all know was gradual emanci- pation; and, writing to Rickurd Prindlc-, under ^ate ofthis purpose, there.will be DONorth or Socth, no E*st or W'est, but a cont*nted and happy people, enjoying tbe 'blessings and sharing the prosperity of a common and glorious Union.—T*efollowing stories are told of the late Lord Hastings, •whose death is announced by the last steam- er f r m England:'• On one occasion he w u hotly enfaged to the punroit of a 'varmint,' wben tho progress of himself and his friends w a s barred by a g»te, guarded by a sturdy farmer. • Open tbe gate'.' w u the loidly couimand. ' 1 shan't,' replied the farmer. ' Open•vcan legislation and administration as to project Ameri- can Industry, and guard impartially all Americanon the fire I he«vd Mr. Knowles say that be was i ur-another is not of it*elf sinful, and that Slavery^ there- Mill; 1 aho besrd him say to the getftleman he vasfore, is not a malum in se. This was the beginning of talking to that he had never supposed that wall to heline of pillart,. hot tbe lines are not in the same rela-fibers who perfected that work of wi»dom and p^triot^m. In talent, and from that day be has been consulted by all the Speak-as much good and as little harm as possible; anl I am tians and Southern politicians up to rhe year 1833. tive positions in all the rooms; I bave worked for the dark hour* of the Republic, wh«-n civil commotion threat- e'8. Wh«rr> a new Congress assemble^ it is curious to observetbert fore, in favor of such discrimination as will best 1 yesrspastin both mills and lepa'r-shops, butouly in ened peril*. more serious than the rash raviogs of Di«uoi<)id«t« how rapirly he becomes acquainted with the name* and appear* secure and promote the interests of labor—-of our own But, in that year , 1833, certain New-England divines, the "VVasbintton andPembertdn Mills in this coumry. and afiitaiors now dp, that Constitution proved to be oa» refuge 8nce of the members; and tho«e who applaud the Speaker for hisilabor—and the general well-being of our own people.'sorting with the! definition " that Slavery is thai arti- Ques, Did you ever think the Mill unsafe? Aus. and safeiy. Let us cling to it in tbis period of dweord and strife readiness a».d proficiency do not know that the qniet, nnpretecd-"ficioi relatiohf.or civil institution, by which one man Yes, sir; wben the Mill was in motion; if it wiis a as the b«-»:t hope and guide, each section viehig with the other in tog yoortg man by his aide frequently touts the words into the" is tnvrrtt d with a property in £&e labor of another," windy oay, and you put your forefinger to the crack, renewing ita devolon to all the compromixes undei which it was Speaker's mouth." ja man may justly have a property in the labors of hiswiTe and chi dren, so this property-claim in tbe labor of)rietd to see that end of the building stand as it did, as }weakened the mill.To a Juror—I think the weight of the fly-frames has >atr, a silver med.l', to Charlea D. Brsgdon of Emery $ PratrUthe walls were too wide apart to have such a roof put on- /Traveller,."Me««rs." With bi*h respect, j JOHN SHERMAN. CARKIT, MCMICUASI., i K o a a s o i n , and others."Nathan F. Graves." Injopinc such a personage as Jehu G. Jones at the head of thews's a year after the noil began to ran; J>hn Harrist o l d m e i t L a d l - ^ e n . s o e v e r s i n c e t h e m i l l w a s b u i l t ; s e n t i m e n t u s w i l l t e n d t o p r o m o t e p e a c e a n d g o o d - w i l l t h r o u g h o u t a i d i n f o r m a t o n f r o m t h e v a r i o u s d e p a r t m e n t s o f t b e G o v e r n m e n t .reason and jnetice of the country deplore and condemn, not only tions. No scheme, however craftily concealed, can pass unchal-the gate, I tei) you!' repeated bU Lordship. ''Shan't,' retorted '• For nea*]y three years past, tbe personal and political frienda Agricola, as d- gpedly as ever. ' If j ou don't,' exclaimed the no- of Senator Douglas have been quietly perfecting an organization ble Lord, ' I'll lay this whip about you.' «So will I my stick/ that end, and-she did not work there; when I w-ta to promote the sr.ccese of that gentleman for tbe Presidential re«poi>d*d hi* undHunted opponent. Without further parley, atBLACK LOGIC AND WHITE. ."hasaer<rchanK<J,andIhavefrequentlypublicly[ToCHARXKBO'CO-OB,<*q.,Neto-YorkL Bi>le.Thescrnionwasstronglycondemned!bythelevelingupthemachineryIneverheardanyove<-4eersnomination.Atthetimeofthefoimationoftne'Douglasittheywent,noquarterbeinggivenoneithertide.Ifonehad Wisconsin:the movement. In common with thousands of Repub- the colored gp««ktrfl on that occasion, manger what- tiee-ne wbo recognize to it*» fullest extent the doctrinemy hand, and knew it wa* a fluid lamp.that etfcteSta'e a its own sole arbiter, upon the rfobjeet>»f Slavery; that no man, p=trty, or S«ite, can or ought•tojinvade ibis right, du-couutenantiuK thoroughly all k*en sense of the logical, will he the first to appreci-The testimony of .the above-named witness, so dif- ferent from that of runny others, made a profound im- pression on the minds of tbe jury and all who listened. It was, however, thought that it imi^ht. have bean somewhat influenced, from the fact that he once had hi en in the Pemhertoii Mill, and had beeu discharged, as be alleged, without cause.telling " p o i n t s " which, I am sure, you, Sir, with your i»id" from tbe Fiee mto tbe Slave 8tatee, as lately ate. So potent, it. Truth, how black soever it may be,which certainly showed considerable na^nasiiuty. On anxher occaci'-n, about three y• ars store, Lord H*»ttog» committed some m^n -ur t»aing jabbitv on a piece /f land near-Holt, on wblch it w»h con ei ded that the parties had certain right*. Some of the papets, and more especially The Norfolk New$, took the matter up, and an artice appearing which, his Lordship considered per-•eeUiAt iiarper's .Ferry, yet in the strngKle in Hi»- souri, -«*emnat and rigutfnOy may sympathize, and do what we can, >ndireewy, though legally and cons'itu-•SicDaUy, U> hasten freedk^m's triumph there.And thi« is tbe "seeAmaliem" which " Spes" can-when opposed to Error, be its whiteness howsoever immaculate.pr*miner>t merchants and politicians of tbe city, and we knowhow much has been done by thorough and determined organizationof practical men without poUtical axes to grind, and how muchcan he'accomplished in the future by an earnest conceotrttion ofenergy and power. The political prospects of Judge Douglas aTeas brilliant »* the sun at midday, and it only needs action on the s naby off-nt-foe, h»* proceeded to tho office of the local journal part of his friends to secure for him the Charleston nomination.The Black man, defending the liberty ef his race, mot tolt-iate. 1 trust he vtill re<-ort*ir3fr the matter, for asks you, ihe White advocate of its enslavemeut, ifit were possible that you could be a good Catholic, fisve that his "s»ber second thought" will m*teria.lly and proclaim African 81av'ery to be just, wise, and"Slavery."This was the beginning of Bible Slavery in thisbeen one lor 25 yearrr, have been employed in the Pemberton Mills; my business was,• <n the" first place, preparing beans to put into the mill; there were twohis otherwise Candid comionnica'ion leads me to be-with tbr view of toflictrng ooodign punishment on the editor, who is at prt:w-ntl»a)or of Norwich. High words ensued, and at last Lord Hustings txclaimrd. *Wby don't you tight, man?' «t theev« r of the comical they may have had, contained somePresident of the College, was the ttated supply. Dr.Cbambeilin expressed ;hie strong dissent to tbg,viewsadvanced, and many in the congrega'ion, made upchit fly of wealthy planters, were greatly displeased.Mr. l3aniels, owner of several hundred slaveB, said toi)r. Chamberlin at tbe door: " We hold- you responsi-" ble for what comes from that pulpit—^you are placed" tbeie to guard it—why do'you permit such setiti-" ments to he preached ? W e are all anxious enough" vo ^et plantations and negroes, without slandering" the Holy Ghost by claiming that tbe Bible justifies Benj. Harding, sworn—Am a carpenter, aad haveThat accomplished, hia election is certain. At an early day theof acceptance.says:HIknewhtma*ayoungman, surveying by candle-light. Hewas\a« honeat as theFor the best report of the evening " Farmers' TalkV dnrin*theandtheirfamiliesforhimtovisitthem,bowdelighted they were to *ee hiei, how free aud easy and affeoum- a e they were in their manners, how coniidenU.tl they:tm Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 