 0NEW YORK HERALD. fDITOS AND PROPRIETOR.owe* *• *• co**1* 0 i ''CXTOII ^ ^ w*88*0 ***•#1NEW YORK HERALD, ITODtfr OCTOBER 12, 1860.~TRIPLE SHEET.General. Andthis is onlyofapiecewithhisfi^'oTif'terukr.rottage stamp* not received m tubtcriptuakthe chiefs of the republican camp fori Ptrol of his administration and the f, officesfore- shadowed, for example, In the foll^ g ex-had entered into arrangements for the workingand management of tbe Newfoundland tele-graph lines. Cape 'Race being a point juttingout into the Atlantic, nearly midway betweenNewYorkandEurope,itbecameapartoftheenterprise of the day to have a news yachtstationed there to intercept the steamers, andthus, place t h e metropolis within o n e week'smem*. *>ltr,tml from *M»» ptartrr of (A' itaiU; If « W wtH6« Wrra.'-upail (or.ITUOIVOMItl*COUBfOlTBWt.it!day'sdiana, oy the vatloa. between nour most commercial nation andpowerful republic standard bearer inthe momentous contesti. So near now in existence, poured out all of ita million its clear .y foreshadowed termination lad' which had previously inclined toand was conflient d rea- otpeopletoreceivetheheirofEngland'scrj>wn, sooabryeocntedontorJudgeBates—wasthi tState atChicagototakeherplace firmly andardt!41, besideIK aalem l a Leagae w i t * Atbelsm.As will be seen by reference to our neatrTmc^axT UWMB w Ssuu.aixLamas *»PM»Jff> JfOTtm uAm of anrmymow*eorrtJ>p(mdenrt. Wedonotthe world has seldom seen equalled, and neverrtl<"-n rti^Ud rammmmieatiom*.* , W <n |A> WSWUT HS*iU>. FAMIT HJUUIA, «M<i U «*«U»«'<Kr.»a—d^»ro|xoitMdttiomA. .,turpa^ged. NewYork,thecommercialmetropolisof theIt was every way fit that Pennsylvania ai clasping hands across Ohio, should claim afi proud diittnctioo of inaugurating tbe national Inthefirstplace"thosetwo StatesJustlysol themthehonorofhavingmadeAbrahamjis a country lawyer, whohasno acquaintance With finances, orcommerce,or fljgures. Hecan-they have given utterance to the most revolt- ing a n d horrible blasphemies. -Letnooneatadistance,whois ignorant of our population, bold New York responsiblefor tins. It hasnotproduced the infidels sad the atheists who have figured at tbe Assembly Rooms, any more titan it has produced tat abolitionists who—coming from N e w England, andtheNorthwest,peopledbyNewEngland-JO*PRiMTUtfitrended wiAn$atnem,cAeapneMawd<i«-distanceofEurope. Ourplanhasthusfarworked very well; but next year it Is the in- not give the proper directions to the officersWolay y yAJiTSiiaatNTS THIS EVEJTINa.Ho. JW3tention to improve andperfect it, and, with.the co-operation of theowners andcaptains of the steamers,toobtainalltheEuropeannewsby thewayof Newfoundland.Meanwhile,however,in thedepth ofWinter, and when storms prevail, it m a y s o happen that the news yacht will miss some of the pass- ing steamers, or the steamers taking the southerly passage will stretch out too far at fsea from the cape to enable thenews m en to Intercept them.this difficulty, and to carry out the enter- prise which initiated theCape Race arrange- ments, the press are now completing their plans to meet the passing steamers off Montauk Point, at the extreme eastern end of Long Island, and at one or two other points along the eastern coast, b y whioh they will obtain the European news whenever there is a failure at Cape Rrfce.The plan to intercept the steamers off Mon- taukhaslongbeenincontemplation, andwas on the point of being carried out several years ago, when the telegraph was in its in- fancy, by-thebuilding of a telegraph line over Long Island b y Colonel Colt and others; but for a variety of reasons the arrangeunder bischarge. He is notonly incompetent himself, buthe has failed to appoint subordi- nateswhounderstandthebusiness. Theresult isthattheaffairsofthedepartmentareinvolved in confusion and disorder.Hl3lA~y* OARI>EH. Broadw»r.-Ki«o U u .ffUrm BARDS*. Broadway, opposite Bond « M t -aylrania,.•irItASiisuie—8cm Buss,BOWBST TfflUTBE. aoweci.-aantoos fuar-WiUiB dered more impressive b y the entirely sponta-bold their anniversaries here, because it is the Empire City of tbe Union, because it has tbe largest population, and because the leading newspapers of the country are published in it. and will give circulation to their sentimeati. Here the infidels hope, among so many ialubi- tante, to obtain a large audience; and,more- over, whatever Is done in New York is sect abroad on the wings of its press. Whenr t u WATS—WHITE BOMB or t u t PatTsat.or t uneous and hearty homage with which a whole nation offreemen receive him, andby thean- tecedents which attend the history of the tw o nations. Springing from the same loins, theWALLAC1VBTHBATBB.MT/^unM *ltirax** THEATE* Ba. 04 Broadway.- A BOO*.UAO»ABOW1RT THEATRE. Bowery.-rist Wo*a» or two peoples pursued for a century a n d a half aT o obviaterection postponed their fortnightly meeting, whichshould have taken place yesterday afternoon, fromof Southern slavery and the " shif |Miwer, infounded. The unfortunate divisions and dis- sensions in this State were carried by the Re- gencyintotheCharlestonConvention,andthey went there as dictators, not as delegates; they hadtheirprogrammecutanddry,firstforthe rejection of tbe delegates, of the Mozart Hall democracy, tbe larger and victorious wing of the party, and secondly for a political platform which they knew the Southern delegates would never swallow, and a particular candidate Whom they knew to be of all others in the fieldthat time to Saturday morning, ia honor of the arri-val of the Prince of Wales. The return of statis- flow; for as long as Victoria fills the throne, andticsfortheweekshowedthenumberofpersonsinthe institutions at present to be 7.180—a decreaseof 50 for the weak. The number admitted in the their genial influences over the destinies of both Bame time wasA887. while those who died, were nations. Nor is it alone here or in Eoglanddischarged o^Bran«ferre<l to other institutions that these influences will be felt. On everynumbered 1,937.The mail agent of the Biiti^h Post Office De-partment in the steamship Connuight, which waswrecked and destroyed by fire on Saturday andocean and along every shore the cross of St. George and the Stars and Stripes will wave indemoralizations North and Soul slavery question, have furnished a all know; but the republican pa: ed to the Tribune for the niiraeu its investment1 hocking pon the pital, w eSunday last, arrived in N e w York o n Wednesdaymorning. The steamship Persia happened to be give an impulse to the cause of constitutionalIt is one thing, however, to buand another thing to maintain ivation to power. Radical ideas! jadj abstrac- taons, and revolutionary measuresindispensable to the creation of* j new party from the broken materials of old?'parties thatsailing that day for Europe, and he therefore tookpassage in her in order to report officially on theloss of the Connanght and safety of the mails assoonaspossible. Hetook thelogoftheCon-naught and other documents belonging tothe un-law and the reign of liberty and order through- out the earth.Herein lies the deep significance of the recep- tionofthePrinceof Wales inNewYork yes- terday. The spontaneous enthusiasm of theparty, its ele-if tbe difficulty with Spain should furnish a so- lution to her present complications. The equivo- cal policy pursued towards her by England and France hashitterto been one of the chief obsta- cles to her securing stability in her affairs.-—--.fortunate pioneer of the new (.Jafway line ont withBim. He will now occupy the position of mail people, the crush of a million of freemen to hailagent on thecompany's new steamer Leinster, his coming, and thehearty blessings that werewhich takes the place of the Connanght in the line. showered upon his head, must carry to hishave lived out their day; but %mthus created is put into the poaf sion of the government, it must revolutionizgl ftsilf or fallheart the conviction that he will bear back with of Wales yettertiay tended to check transactions in him to England the affectionate love and the tome braccfaes of trade. Th» cotton market was firm, confiding hopes of thirty millions of kinsmen,Tte public demonstration made in honor of the Princement of the Post Office of this city, and the general mismanagement of the post offices throughout the country, owing to the igno- rance of the head of the department at Wash- ington. Mr Holt knows nothing of accounts,vsible—with the predetermination of the Regencyto break up the Convention. They would iis-teh to nocompromise either at Charleston or atBaltimore. They must have either Douglas ornobody." It was with them Ovuar aut nyllus. Sumner was struck down in the Senate,andwith sales reported to the extern of l ^ c o a 1,500 bales. Flour was more »uo>ant and in better request, and about Ire cents per barrel higher for shipping braidsto strengthen his throne and reunite the hearts of both peoples.modetate, and rates without alteration of moment.Harrison waselected there was a pretty gene slavery agitating cotemporary^ infbehalf .of Someweeksago you kindly inserted my communica the effect of the grand argument against that their living hero and John Brown their deei; tiou relating to the time necessarily consumed (:i patent-the Presidential contest, pointing in the direc- tion of Mr.Lincoln's election by the Northernanother i-cV/ime begat a partial restoration ofthe office holders.into thedust andashes of public At all events, with the transfe: from bisquiet,home at Sptingfliimpt. wouldtosendfromNewYorktoLiverpool.'Old A b e " „ This Is one itstance, and I venture to assert not by anymeans a remarkable one, but an ordinary, c-innmi 03 thepasi currence.they clinched on their return to the Em ^pire State. s Ever since they have laborednight and day to prevent the union of the con-upon many po»nts concerningtouched upon many points concerning the inte | on well ventilated andmade public- for wheresylvania and elsewhere/still the* have lost in great business, giving great satisfaction to'the members of Congress in many inr inces. public. This has been taken away without sub-There is a new feature onsel jrable in the stituting anything adequate to the wants of thedemocratic candidates forConM|| in this city. public in its stead. The oity Postmaster is aWe perceive that many of the# a, p taken from very good^nan. but not very energetic. H e Untitled Documentand here. Thus have tbe Regency succeeded In splitting u p and breaking down the democraticrests of hk section of thecountry, buthedid not solve the problem, what they are going todo down there.•Fae motto of the Fteaeb revolutionist. Doj£The Southtions, social as well as commercial. «ith the North, a n d consequently its future proceedingswith each other, or their union with tbe othw they were taken in the overt aot, l*e iJjLh a s agreatmany importantrela-conservative elements ot tbe State.Theirrewardinprospectlaasecretuyerest in tbe spoils—a gigantic scheme of publicIrijt*!-*- • * ! * "WWof considerable interest. W e pre;ynr> f.tya* the Legislatures of the different Southern S ~ir.< will come together at once and consult about the plan of action to be adopted. They have time enough to decide upon what they intend to do between this and the Inauguration day, March the 4th, 18C1.Maroln'8 Anticipated Bieetfow—J.whole management ever since h e w a s placed over the department.A year a g o w e stated that tike defalcations i n tha [Post Office amounted t o nearly a million o fw e r eTbe Prtaee of Wale* la Hew Vark-A within his gift. We find this conj Remarkable P a y .veal the balance of the million. A s soon as thenew administration comes into power, dis-closures will be made which will astonish the columns, tbe infidels for two days hart public. H o w could it b e otherwise? Mr. Holt been holding a convention ia this city, in whichInmoralsignificanceaswellasinthemate-tractfromtheleadingeditorialinyj Tribune:— * . - v|rial fact, yesterday presented a spectacle whftshwhocomesadornedwithallthepageantry of peace. Therewouldbeadeepsignificance in the simple fact itself of this semi-royal progress by the heir of a friendly crown through the do- mains of a powerful republic; but this ia ren-IllinoisinsupportingMr.LlncoJns prete' thenceforthherdelegationwas most vehem>tiring In commending tor new choice. Hwhiob, unlike Indiana, had a candidate of he ?, best- tated and debated long; but when pressed _t gth to say decisively, "In esse you cannot have m nwn can- dldate, who Isyonr next choicer" she, tof lgnated Mr. Lincoln; and her decision, in effect; imp* that of the Convention. *Now, there is something more if meets the eye of the superficial re,*" Pennsylvania candidate referred !i- Chicago nomination wasGeneral Si|j ron, oneofthevery shrewdest andaf |« p UotMMB Tun—AarsniMn.BABirrnr* AMBBJOAB MOSSUM. Bwf>**r- -IHyaad hand of the elder protecting the early foot- managers of the day. His decisionI«£a^-Joaarn A » H» Baaiaass-Lmso naa Aa _ _ _ _ _Coaioti-Lincoln over Seward doubtless haf do in the nomination of the form! putting the latter gentleman aside a convenient season. But the opposiaj•BTAB*rB*%mr»T1IBL«,H.efnfcWHall.4TJBroadway.- whenfraternalwarended inpolitical severance. Rnatawsna. «•«•*, Bawmaaa-acaMs At raauWa Reconstituted in separate and antagonistic na-and blundering and mismanagement of all theofficials and all the culprits in the whole party. bane w e send tbe antidote, which efiectutilj'common path of developement, the fosteringsteps of the younger. Then came the dark daysis made the scapegoat for all the plundering ings and doings of the infidels or tbe abolition-mBLOU SALOOW. Broadway.-Hoourr * CAM-saxi's tionalities, there remained the ties of a com-l u n u i i u Etawu* Bonos, Bvai_wB*, DASCIS, Ac.- mon lineage, a common language, and common Horace Greeley, the delegate Ifkills i t Infidelism, like all the other norjooi isms, originates in old Massachusetts, of New England; but it spreads and germinates, tat scattersitsdeadlyseeds,tillatlengthitreaches New York, where w e arrest its progress by giving it a good ventilation. Exposure to the directlightofthesunisallthatisnecessaryte wither those pernicious, rank weeds whichspring up in the dark.The infidels a n d atheists w h o exhibitedViaeisu Moaar.OAimtBRPBT MUSIC BALL. CSS Broadway-Soma.TRIPLE SHEET.flaw lark, Friday, Oetabar lis, a WO.Tfca Sewi.H* Royal Highness the Prince of Wales andCauseo flite DefeatThe Albany Kegaac y .has ever taken place in the metropolis. The reve- nue cutter Harriet Lane, which was selected forof the republican cause must not b4 <t fif Rooked.morning to Amboy, took the party on boardthe crown he is destined to wear. Every- good service as aspy in the Fofterf ijjjnjp- &eof that island, and the new line forward with longing eyes to the reward of communists of a Fourierite phalanx, whereinto line again at Waveiley place andmarched on homage of a free people, unsought, and there-multipliedb ytwenty._|'f|*fclaims,THE SPANISH QUARREL WITH MEXICO.—It isround Union square and up to the Fifth Avenue Hotel. Here the distinguished guests alighted. The procession was the finest military display that has ever been witnessed in New York, aud elicited the admiration of th* visiters. The sidewalks of all the streets through which the royal partyfore far more truthful, can take back to his own free land, aud into its happy homes, the assurance that beyond the ocean, among a kin- dred people, his mother's honored uame has eradicated every vestige of the fraternal bitter-Mexico that Great Britain is about to break off tms State, but throughout the Union. The suc-passei were literally packed with people, while all ness that once existed between us.the windows and roofs in Broadway were likewise Who can trace the mighty results that must filled. The ie:eption was enthusiastic and magni- flow from this auspicious day? The re-esta- ficent, without a parallel and beyond description.We publish in another column interesting detailsof news from Mexico. It now appears that theSpanish fleet had no intention of bombarding Veracorner of the earth. ofdiplomacy,theenterprisesof trade,thepur-Cruz,anditisstatedthattheSpanishMinisterhadbeenadvisedbyhisgovernmenttotreatthecon- suitsoftheartisanandthelaborer,thepagesofliberty in the Old World and in\the Neware united in impulse and y i n aim The Commissioners of Public Charities andCor- for the perpetuation of freedom and'•So long as man believes in God heliterature and the hopes of history, with the rerpect. There wasno ihangeinthe positionof confidence that henceforth thegiant leadersofstitutional government of Mexico with the greatest the belligerent forces.tastes and impulses. Foreighty years the paths of national developement. of liberty, commerce, enterprise, literature a n d happiness have been pursued by each in a -.spirit of emulation, and to-day they stand before the civilized worldThe defeat of the conservative ticket for Governor in Pennsylvania, which foreshadows the defeat of the conservative Presidential ticket next month in the same State, and pro- bably, also, in the State Of New York, is the consummation of thework of the Albany Re- gency. Their game from the beginning haspeersinallthings,andeachtheadmitted leader ronwasonlyoneof thealliesofand representative of freedom o n its respective contineAcourse this decisive republican^'-4 3 Pennsylvania will place General <jjan. Iron very high among thefew first class favcflt- |<jf'Oldsuite arrived in this city yesterday, and were After this not very long period, but yet a Abe;" but there is another party*e|peer in greeted with the most magnificent reception that wonderful one in the results it has brought to the same State, whose services there1 p behalfment fell through. Now, however, by the been 40 divide and be conquered, and theyboth nations, the Prince of Wales comes as aprivate gentleman to view the regions and tothat purpose by the President, proceeded in the know the people that were once attached to disguise of a Douglas democrat he| 4 renderedenterprise of the managers of the American Telegraph Company, wires are rapidly being stretched on poles along the route of the Long Island Railroad to the eastern endhave carried it out most successfully. Long themselves here on Monday and the day be-since they laid their treacherous plans for the fore are only fit either to be inmatesoverthrow of their own party and the triumph of a lunatic asylum or the penitentiary, orof black republicanism, and they are looking editors of such papers as the Tribune, or thefrom the Philadelphia train, and brought them to where has he been received with the cordiality will claim of Lincoln, no doubt, tlj \t he has the city. Royal nalntes were fired from the forts asthecutterpassed.WhenshetouchedtheBattery;duetoabelovedkinsman;thedelightfulties earnednotonlyhispresentofficeof(:erkofthethe Prince waswelyomed ina most enthusiastic of consanguinity have been renewed between House ofRepresentatives, butsomet pig more.manner by the populace. In Castle Gar- usandEnglandinhisperson;andNewYork ButCameronisnotanadmirerof-F|jjpfey,andden he was prex-nted by Augustus Sckell has todaysettheseal of thetrue metropolis of thus, between thedemands of the or| and tbeto the Mayor. The Prince and suite retiredand the New World, to the reannealing of the heart claims of the other, there will prob^'|»| be anchanted their citizen's dress for their military uni- ties between ourselves and the mother country. early smash of some of the republic*; ^rockerywill probably be open for business in atheir treason. some of these journalists have received theirform. TheMayorpresentedthem toMtfjor(Gene- ral Ssndford, whothen requested the honor of a review of the troops on the Battery. After the re- view the royal party and the municipal authoritiesfew weeks. That company intend, w e under-stand,toextendthewirestoGreenpoint,and Theyfoundataneuriyperiodthatitwasnoteducationandtakentheirdegrees.Tbedoc-thence by*a branch line from Riverhead to likely they could have thecontrol ofthe Presi- trines which they propagate are the off- sMontaukPoint,andalsotoconnectwiththe dentialnominationandthespoilswhichto spring of tbe morbid mental condition shore of Connecticut by a cable across the the victors belong, and they deliberately went of Massachusetts—a soil in which every Sound. The press are indebted to the energy to work to throw the election into the hands of absurdity seems to be indigenous, and of the American Telegraph Company for thus the republicans. Richmond said he would be which is favorable to the growth and develope-entered carriages and headed the procession up livion, there to remain forever, we would Broadway. Entering the City Hall Park by the point them to the virtuous mother, theeast gate, those in carriages alighted on the es- planade In front; the Mayor, together with the Prince and suite mounted a platform, while all the military passed in review before them. The party then re-entered the carriages and drove up Broadway past the military, which wheeledley and his powerful party organ, If\ty-ibitnethe passing steamers off Montauk than most Europe, thrive there as in a hotbed, and are healed. By rejecting Mayor Wood andtheYes,themothercountry. Andshould,anyone ask why the name and deeds of George the Third were yesterday buried in ob-ingoodoldPennsylvania.In New York the conflict for the &M honors and offices under " O ld Abe's'' adrt jilltration;is more sharply foreshadowed. Ag| pst. Gree-facilitating our arrangement, and we are irS hopes of success off Long Island if our other more eastern plans fall." News will b e more difficult to obtain fromkingandrule,orking andruin. Thefirstde- mentofeveryforeigndelusion. HenceFourier- velopement of the treachery was at the Syra- ism, Owenism, Fanny Wrightism, free farmisat, cuse State Convention last fall, where the Re- free loveism, women's rightsism. Bloomerittt, gency deliberately split the party into two Sabbatarianism, Maine Liquor lawism. aboli- fragments after the old rupture had been tionism, and the other isms imported frompeerless Queen, whose virtues shed a halo round the throne of England, and constitute the pride and joy of all where England's tongue is spokenandEngland'shonorloved. Theyoung Prince who nas to-day received the heartfeltthere will b e the formidable coalition" ?f Seward.1Weed,Webb andCompany. Mr.Sew|||,fromhialate campaigning pilgrimage to KauSa Wid t/ack, has done more service in behalf pp?<!Lincoln's election than any other republi *n stumpspeakertherefore, upon Lincoln's admintstsjtion mustany other point; b u t b y a little energy, a few?carrier pigeons and steam, we feel pretty surer the control of the Convention, they created a York city their organ is tbe Tribvm. We haveblishment of fraternal ties between the tw o na- tions will thrill the hearts of men in everycommodation between the two parties.Neitherhuman government, are alike obnoxious to theIt will pervade the laborsmands of Spain pushed to extremities. to defeat the democracy.They know that the adoption of rigorous Thenextovertactintheirtreasonabledesignmeasures by her would lead to inter- wasthepublicationofaprivate confidential is not free; so long as there ii one vention, by the United States in Mexico, letter of Governor Wise, of Virginia, which had slave in America it is not free." Thus aboli-to be followed by theinvasion ofCuba. As it the double effect of killing off that popular tionism and atheism are identified, and every . does not comport with the interest .of England candidate, and ot widening the split in this day are waxing bolder and bolder. Another ofthe elevation of man. From such a con-fidencethe mostbeautifulresultsmustevery shape and form best .calculate";U awaken-4and bring into the political arena: r } t ie moraland religious' anti slavery senjujxeits and elements of the Northern State! i The de- mocracy, in the repeal of j|Sf Missouri compromise, in the mismanage* <ut of the affairs of Kansas, and inafterherAlbertEdwardwields thesceptreofEngland, the memories of this day will exerciseconcord and harmony.animate the hopes of nations everywhere, andindebt- rofits 6fSuch a union will re-1>iesalt»la tan p.Coalllrtt «t*»eR e f ;'With the full expectation of Linenlion as our next President, we isymptoms of an '-irrepressible conflictF 6 Itwasannouncedtheotherdaythatthepress andburstatem«ilf*denounced asslanders. Ingon, was, as w e all know, i confessions and maledictions of theWebb and the little "artful dodi New York Times, the plank upon was marched overboard. In this _lis Peaussylvsmla—The Chevalier Forney is that man.|'J M e r thebetheNew York, we mayexpect to findi^tjed, Webb and Company, doing the utmost jn tfjeir power at Washington to putthe delegare f||m Oregon into a back seat among the mourner. |But if Greeley can only comprffae| il his posi- tion and his power, what he hus\dt| i« to build up, andwhat he maydo to mii^*|i or break down the republican party, h<afe$riy defy hisenemies in thecamp, and boldlw ind beforeLincoln as the peer of Seward lt$ jwlf. It isbut justice to say in behalf of the I* >K»ua- thaiit has created, organized and leo the) repub-lican party to the threshold of tha n | i t e House.The most recent invasion is that of inSdeliaw. towhichourcolumnstodaybearampletesti- whether that step is to be followed by an im- cember on the great national issue against tbe mony. These allies of black republicanismmediate recognition of the Juarez government combination of the republicans, the Regency curse the constitution and tbe Bible with ecrtall we are not informed. There is some proba- and free soil Tammany Hall, led by the original bitterness and malignity. Christians and Jews, bility in the statement, from the anxiety mani- organ of abolitionism in this State, the Jourrud Catholics and Protestants, equally share their festedqnthepartofEoglandtoeffectanac- ofGor„merc$, wasasignificantrebuketothe denunciations. Alllawandorder,DivineandRegency, to which they would undoubtedly haveEngland nor France desires to see the de- taken heed had they not made up their minds blasphemers. One of them has tbe shame-respected;a n d , t h esheltering distinguishedmantleo falldiplomatic relations with Miramon:butcessofMayorWoodintheelectionoflastDe-This.it has done through its energy ,|- agitation rthat our power should be extended in either State and rendering tbe confusion worse con-to pieces.professionsupon the practical responsibility | M its n e w position, or it will speedily comet Jtlpgrotind. The change of position to be cor} iejredisjustIt must abandon its r ac a l theories, | tall backa n dpromises,a n fof Bute and Western common ant medium grades. PIBUC OFFICES—COMING IN AND GOING the difference between Mr. Ii.4coln as the or of thenature of the business he has under They well knew that tbe extreme SouthernSouthern tiour was also firmer and la good request. OCT.—There is no class in the country among Presidential candidate of a p u | |yj' sectional taken; otherwise he would not have permittedJohn Brown was strangled on thescaffold, is support of constitutional, legalized. Bible sanctioned wrong; that the bloody, brutal- izing system of slavery in the United Suta has its vitality, power and perpetuity intb« Union of the States, and that the loionpr^Extra grade* generally were anchaoged. Wheatwas quite firm for winter' and amber color-ed, with prime to choice lots ,of white,but Chicago spring was dull. Corn was firm and ia good Pennsylvania present, have produced more con-request, with tales of Western mixed at 71c. a 71,'.&,ia sternation than the office holders in every quar- store and afloat, and of oat ytilow do. at 75c a 76c. Pork ter of the country. Should the election resultwas in some better request, and closed with s more in Lincoln's success there will be the cleanest;dent ot the United States.I f 1The abolition of Boyd's private penny post in complished their object b y splitting the Con-buoyant feeling. Sites of new mess were made at S13 50 * 119 Ti, and $14 36 a $14 60 fcr prime. Coffee was quietpublication the following letter:—TO THE EDITOR OP THE HKRAI.D.Niw YORK, Oct. 10,1*80.ders freedom and helps slavery, makes pead them. They were thus as sectional as the impossible and war unavoidable.")thems< f*esfey- ittor fromIrre* Meanjeleo-t the[tmong con-no higher than a seat in the Common Council or the Legislature, but whose ambition ini* now grown to a place in the halls of Congress.Newspaper Eaterprlse—Kew Telegraph Arrawaements.A s Judas.IrcarictbetrajedChristwi<«t s form, a r ecandidate from first to last, and would not have any other, andthey stuck to squatter sovereign- ty through thick and thin, while the secession-ists insisted on Congressional protection oftypes would be found in the Jacquerie of the French revolution, when the blood of the best citizens flowed in torrents, when tbeof property was annihilated, all the barriers society broken down by human demons, and a naked harlot set up for public worship as the Goddess of Reason.In connection with their infidel and anarchi- cal doctrines they declare that " conservatiw is cowardice and confusion; that Coarte»iand andnnundera partyparty would not yield, and they persisted to the whom the indications of the issue of the Presi- anti slavery party, and Mr. Lin^'|n| as Presi- such defalcations on the part of pestmasters. end injnaintaining their position till they ac-dential election, which the late returns fromsweep in all the federal offices that has beenand prices ware unchanged Freight engagements were seen since the first election of Jackson. When the throne itself." On the other! jarM, \et ourblack iepublicaus themselves, a n d destroyedIt will be thus eeen that Charles Sumner»Should the Tribuve editor propf Jjr|fpieciate this broad distinction between * -Itrty seeking and a pariy advanced into t|(i| pntrol of the government, he may quietly!'fee t t e place of "the power behind the throniV^reater thanthis city, without establishing a n y efficient public system in its place, is decisive evidencevention into two conventions, and dividing thequarter, there is no doubt that every effort willbe made to prevent Spain from carrying outherthreats. Alltheoffers ofmediation madeby Great Britain having been rejected, the onlymodein.whichshecaneffectherviewsisbybreaking off her relations with Miramsn,thus giving a moral support to the constitu-tional government. The evidences that shehasgiven of this disposition seem already to haveproduced aneffect, forthe Spanish Minister atthe Mexican capital is stated to have been ur-gentlyrecommendedbytheCaptainGeneralof themostobnoxious totheSouth. Having, by Cuba to treat Juarez and his Cabinet with the lying and fraud and cheating all round, gained utmost respect. It will be fortunate for MexicoMISMANAGEMENT OI TUE PO^T OFFICE.—We Slavery in the Territories. There wasnomo-have heretofore pointed out the mismanage- deration on either side— n£> middle course pos-ralclearing outof theoffice holders;,but Harris Mr. Lincoln's administration, f jrspt in the ly)bythePostOffloeincollectingand distributing city revolutionary party. martyr, while William II. Seward is thelWHAT ARE THKSOTTUERN STATES GOING TODo?—Recent events at tha elections in some ofthe Central States, and all the eventualities andchances which they foreshadow with regard to office seekers. In each case the restoration of about two miles, or a greater amount of time tian itsondiedverysoon;andonTaylor'selectionagitationofthe"irrepressibleT>n|iict,'andthere was another exodus from office; buthe he will fall from grace, or va^l m bring o'clock,a communication which was mailed atjproad Charleston and Baltimore, tbe nail they bad way and Prince street before twelve o'clock on thu 2 8 hsentiments cf the following resolutioa'Ik beenadoptedfromhisspeech:—"Thatin constitutional provision b y which that sseUtioaar^ scheme of iniquity has had its own peculiarrepresentation in the national Legislator*-amounting to a balanceofpower,fc*itw>t*nir purpose*,providingitselfanarmyand *lor its ownprotection, and carrying onvan of cenquest for the extension of it* own din d o m i n a t i o n , i n v o l v i n g t h e r e n t * a l of * foreignslavetrade,allsupportereeftheIw*alsodied soon—the victims, both, ofthe downtheadministrationfrom§| feyhopes ofSeptember,takingelevendaysandsixuoursto'travel drivenintothecoffinofthedemocraticpartyStates,people arebeginning naturallytolook Butintheevent of Lincoln'seleotion there; tionoftheofficial hotel keeper o principal WiUMr.J.T.Boydcometotherescue* Ifprivateen servative elements in this State. The effect towards the South and. ask what the p/ople terprise can outrun public service is it n>i a dis^uc towillbeatongholdrailsplitterinpower—a almshousecommissionerofhisp |atWaah- erneavaluableinstitutiontotallyarayfromu*Hin \iponthepartyandupontheconservativecausethere are going to do. The South hastora singed cat.with nine lives, whois notlikely to leestheUnitedStatesMailDepartmentcandotheir duly,icgtoa,weinsistthat Horace G* if, ifnot -1feelconfidentthatthepublicwillsustainanyenterpris be killed by the office hunters, but will very made the head of one of the exrV^ttve depart ing individual whowill supply a commercial want Againstgenerally in Pennsylvania wasto demoralizethem, and. with the assistance of Forney, to driveL u m b e r s i n t o t h e r a n k s e f b l a c k r e p u b l i c a u U m .few years past been threatening disunion and secession, and all kinds of movements. m (h* event of the triumph of a Northern faction, andn the preeeat aspect ot ailairs we think it is about time n o w that the Southern people should be making arrangements for their future course If the politician* and orators of the South rightly repreteut the feelings of the people, there is a strong inclination towards secession in South Carolina, in parts of Virginia, in Alabama and other States. Mr. Yancey has just delivered arery eloquent speech in this city, in which he j pickings and stealirg,"which b l V b e e n ' w i t t s their chances for electing a P r e ^ n l , in Penn- speedy despatch of city letters grew up into athe despotism ofasystem unequalled in auy portlion 01 the "monarchical governmenU.'' 4 . 11.rushofofficehunterstherewillbe!Nodoubt cabinet,forThurlowWeedor|>|bef(QhevalierieverymanwhoturnedoutintheWideAwake Webbinthatpositionwould.•(l£ahoutthe thepublicisvictimizedinthiscity. Whenjprocession the other night isacandidal for kitcheninsixmonths,tothelast marrow bone Boyd'sDespatchwasabolishedasaDrivateen-p r o b a b l y l i v e o u t h i s t e r m . A n d w h a t a n a w f u l m e n t s , s h a l l a t l e a s t b e t h e c h i e f » i t h e k i t c h e ni8°meofficeoranother;andeoitwillbeall ; over the country after the November election. Itwillbeaverygoodthing,however,tohaveinthepantry.terpriseby theauthorityofthePostmasterGeneral, according to the discretion vested indestructive,disorganizingcourseoftheRegency convincedthemthatLincolnwaslikelytobe the winning horse. Many in Pennsylvania whowouldnotgoovertotherepublicans have refrained from voting, from utter disgust and despair of doing any good. There is but tooaccountintheconvictionsofallthejust ** abolitionofthearmyandnavjbyami^so much stealing has leaked out. in spite of all the efforts to conceal it, there must b e a great deal more which hasnotbeendiscovered The office holders whoare te go in,being far morehungry than those who are turned out.will of course, steal a great deal more if they oalvwas •'aoaacity;'' and w e ask could the aadsc. party, in preventing the union of its fragments of traitors further go than these men. «is»THENEXTCONGRESS.—The Drl|tr|Uity now himbytheactofCongress, he oughtto havelieanprogrammeis. order W tbe .h|l all the public offices, both at Washington and ia that the republicans will nothft^e a majority appointed over the penny department Mr. e v e ithe constitution -and tbe iaauguratior. oiPacific.a kiss, so have the Regency betrayed and sold the democratic party and delivered it ever to destruction, e n d they have betrayed with Utht cause o f conservatism"!and intrigued Into power a revolutionary party who threaten to break onthis glorious cenfed eracy of States.lees than two months •*?« WaloatioBs amount-ing to $300,000 came to ligi», and time will re- Tfee IfiKdel Coavreattem-Blaek Kept*.dollars.immediately contradicted,But the misfortune in this case is, as in someof tbe other departments, that whatever is wrongisvisitedontheheadof an innocentmanwhohas nothing to do with it—tbe President—whohas been compelled to take such menfor headsof departments as party leaders and membersqf Congress have forced upon him.and whotWst trust t o their superintendence t h e detailsof the business which it would be physicallyimpossible for him to supervise. The President we present our readers with reports of the say.delegates from Mozart Hall, and seizing upon disseminated through other States, In Newof spending money and getting the latest intelli-, gence from Europe.1 it is too late to unite and conquer. abominations, and we have always repeUst stated in despatches recently received from Tjiey have demoralized the party, not only in them.rfet,andestablishedadivisionwhichthey have been invaded from time to tirn% by themis- nc all in their power ever since to continue, sionaries and propagandists of these pestilentthis gang declares that "the Christian Saviour was an ignorant man, inferior to Henry Ward Beecher." "These gods,'' he continues, "are ignorantcreatures," andhewinds up with1 resolution which caps the climax Of the blas- phemy:"Resolved, thatcreatorsareaccount- able to thecreated, causes to effects, parentsto children, gods to men;: and yet the fool had before said, "there is no God." This is wor thy of the philosophers and philanthropists who conclude Sunday's proceedings with a seriesof fifty-three revolutionary resolutions, in whici theyproposetheoverthrowofChurchan4State of all religion and government, and law andtheir fixst point, and obtained a firm footing in property—thus resolving social order into the Convention, they were in a position to drive anarchy and chaos. If the power of these owe borne the entering wedge. They stuck to one were only equal to their inclination, their trwdemocratic party into two factions, taking withof the want of a competent head of the depart- themselves tbe delegates of fifteen States, and vents the right and protracts the wrong, hisment at Washington. W e have received for arraying the delegates of seventeen againstAtfc LasteveningIreceivedat1,244Broadway,aboiltAveL Notcontentwithwhattheyachievedathigherlawprophet;foritisevidentthatth*ThisisonlyasampleofthewayinwhichThereis'alwaysalargefloatingmassofvoters whodesiretobeonthestrongside,andthe arefearfullyrespoasible,andmustbeb*Wj 7**«re else, 8 w e p t c l e a n a n d t h e d e p a r t . in the next Congress: for althov gh! they have Boyd, who understood the business, and undermentawellwashedandscrubbedout:allthe gainedontheStatetickets,and^UIncreasedwhosemanagementanorganizationforthemuchreasontofearthatthePresidentialelec-makespeaceimpossibleandwaruLavution will present the same results both there abla.''ists, our object is to use them up. With theless impudence to say that their motto is.in Congress is tbe first step in. the black rep overti:o81reign of terror\ for. say three infidels. I^*^7j !-•- -I_~H«_ ___. ^.U*., I L. M.the class which the grogshop; c^qaes are ac-doeshisbest,however, andhefenotcharge-Brown? It la thus clear that fepubUcaaW isinleaguwwithinfidelity,andthatChruuaai? and tbe Bible are denounced because taecustomed to nominate—a class tf M en for the able with the blunder which broke up Boyd'sFulton New York 13069niski 309 South 4th StreetThomasM. Trywww.fultonhistory.com« — -1 — . J 4k.» tha overthrew of * 