 10SErVS FROM WAraMOTOI.KEW YORK IlERALD. WEDNESpJt DECEMBER ^1860,-TRIPLE SHEET.IMPORTANT PRiCEEW^S Of CW6RE88. the Boo* to day, that hia Slate was oat of tbe Cans inat Fsrt Bsottrlc- k fleet or lave rre^elrat'sa«BS«tft> ki I ItBrleatavat— Tike I avian Declared a Bafrswra k>y aa Alatcsaa iiraod Jorj,IHPOBTABT BEP0BT8 P»»M WAPHISOTON. WASBWBTOS. Dec. 4, 1*60Col AtdsrtOB, ta command of Fort Moultrie, has made B d e m u d upon tbe W u Department for additional Brcssps u d munitions of wa-. Be states that the force a*W there is Inadequate for emergencies wbieh might w i n inand thts General Assemhiy being cause n tor the purpose, cf perpetuating aa.d aot of destroying or dtnoiving ths gcvernment, woaed isafiisn upon ths peaces s rbwaraace. u d npectally woala tbey urge the importance of t u lag so rash or laoonsiderate st» s to tbe abeence of aa overt act oa toe part ef Uat taortavagRrtoived, That while, u a soverewnetatma to be competent to judge aad net far Ipenoent of rash ar til uvttas aesson oa the part of her other tistcrs to tbe Uaioa, tr she deer to u y tt would b* more maaiy to folk) v the toad of the frustlef slave -lates. wnuhnner mnt sad i n aaort toumtod, rather 'ban the orastpttate acU -n of Stairs Mat inRrested aad further r e m c e d from''the field of dangerTbe oru teal ranlatiora u d tafifr'mi to the Committee on Fa*enu RelationSOUTH CAROLINA.gaLlerk- why be and ha colkagon wore occupying seats •tofttarttfas of 8outhfrn Members In In He aattooal Capttor Th* answer to this quaation wee:—"To get their money and stationery " Each mem- ber who ha-, applied it us far, has beea paid seven hua-tney p e«*e, and nofeniy «* our • ^ ^ " 1 * M p ^ | _ It %l., ontorxe,ifthe,arealt-jars • J ^ j j ^ j j ought to w loomeauparnttuo. Ido " a n K r n ~>nl •land we M. e*»gP as u• Ue mat-er of oolint n* »•»•••»• If I warftssa,th* Presldeat d^s ao t*tsk<«5*« •*• r'eht u, c-ree a tnue «> rem.io'eg in tbe 1*101|Butl canUlib>mthatWem*..fhoalvSf"TM,?,.00*"^ would be the coliecttLg of tribttto. And STlt be tsts P„li y te exlie?! revenee, I have no doubt anff^cotimism wtsbtifcurIb.petnrremay^uoaaI»^u'a?? vw J giau f ttat sute of things migbt ariaa wjifon wooid ULJ iv b«"»i' ^y end p^aee Bot tf tb*rn>*« be a sepa ratioi.. ei.ber of a part rr tbe .hetoot^ie s:ave States, 1 .h sk tt Boiler for all partWS IbatTt ahoald oedone r>*aceaMy ud qnle»ly; anil SB -Jar u I have any infloepcen will be dimen. I ufll not uderinis tossy atotmy own Ststo wUi do, b»t in my opinion• i tMSPiTcass Ftea wisaiscros.Pavtjr tf DtoonisB.seuatorsliiDgniau and Crittenden.TW Natieoal Trtiklfs Itfrrrtd u a Helect CtBBittee of tbe lease.Actios of the Republican Sei ia- torial Cauca*.•eaator A ward's Opixiion of Weed's Compromise.a draft for ton tboa- subordlaatn la tbe ClerkV department of tte fiouse, beeesse the Treasury >•Hpe*etoe*oft u d dollars to-day, to pay theWHAT IS SAID Of THE PRESIDENT S MESSAGE, hear est «rttou Broken la that city bare at least a six!ntc eaapromaw ef Heir prtoc.pies. They any they have u tbe *oloaiu had Be had the nttafecttoai of that the war made upon taem waa boneaotal tocommitted so overt net, violated no law, and, if they datry of the State. 1so not an why NartnernBefore tbe vote w u announced, Mr. SWGTBTO*. (opp ) of Mas. said be declined voting on this qumtou, besaues tbe Lrstolature of his State bad called a convention <o Haider tBe matter He behoved that the people would*1TJOSU.a^eTrunerkadttat bisnasoufor not votAg was oeoaon hit State had ab» oal.ed s 000 ve« tlon to decide u to ber aaderai relattoas, sad dad not war t Congress to decide for berMr HAWSJSS, (opp Jot Fla , said his State bad aoplotod some day la Juuary for a convention, to take into con- sideration this very question The people of Florida bad decided to settl* in a convention tbe time, maou-r aad mode of redress, tt w u for ttom, u d tbey would settle this question in tbetr tovsre<gs capacity. It w u not for bim, therefore, to take any action here upon the subject Be w u against all compromisn now, u bs w u ia t ia.es put^r. downs,(rep)ofm ,rantospointof order. He raid that while tbo question waa pending it w u out of order to open a debateMr. CIAIJTUS, (opp ) of Atat., declined to vote because his State bad called a convention.Mr GAXTHBIX. (opp ) of fla , uid be dtd sot r<*e to de- bate, but simply to u y that, for a similu reaaon u Ba- sis ned, be decl'ned voting for this proposttioa.Mr Horsros (opp ) of Ala , said that be would do all be coult' to accompli*U grut ends f -r this country, aud as this resolution w u directed to such a purpose he khouid tote for ttMr. CtniBT. (opp ) of Anv. addressed the ChairThe SPKAKXB inquired—Don the gentleman desire tl vote?been made to donateMr. Limn—I w u present wbaa my name w u called, ftDtfeBBsawaa-Mr. Mrxii»», (opp) at this point, objected to all dls- cusstos.t>.causeItwuoutoforderair. CCBBV. resnmtns his seat, remarked, "I never violate the rules of tbe Hone "Mr. l»avjs, (opp ) of Muss., wished simply to tsy that tbe President's Meeeego bad to he referred somewhere, u d , the refme, he favored a select committeeSOUTHIRN SECESSION MJVEMENlS,Mr. CBfTfgaa offered the following u as-bauutefar tbe second sad third reaobsttoas:—Reeolv*d, that to* .-aat* of Arkaaeu .ata eatable o jaogmg uf bar nab* and wroega. aasaotaaa help it, wtt] net aPo* others to do so. TtcaaaouaomntofMr.Mitel,ofSoothCarolina,inmet. should wUb urVonUiiue a oonaeotlon on - Treyiajoar :nslimnoneareasiaswell. 11 they shcuia e«i>a-a»e, theirb* free from all r^poesibillty **2^**»J 5laanSltSaW tettoMJ of tsM Whl MStutl Le^rWa- tbmktag th* eteetma ef LaeoteafinaM a oaan for toe teceseioa of Btaaes from, nor a SkBtoletMSi ad thsCatta:everything bat form, ceased the frequent Inquiry ta the b'gh tern. Tbey may put oa tm J*r J ^ * ^drea dotiara each.Secretory Oob a teellned to neweraearfy empty.Col. Baker, Seaator elect from Oregon, hi expecteJ herstomorrow. Seaator Gwtn arrived here to-day.Efforts will be made at onco to pass a Pact!) RailroadABXIMO OP THI 8TATn\ [From the Cbartston aVseary, Nov. IoUJ. The Soathera raate throegh Texas will be ia danger thf movemtat win cot stop till tbey all go out 1 giveTne']Where «re onr arms to be purchase i« Can proper arau ha farnwbes tow by u y parties to America' We wawA tbe very beat urns that the science u d to veatica ef tas present ddy bare developed to Europe We wast asby the threat of dlsmlin Srnitor Baker, ef Oregon, wlU pren the measare he being at tbe present time tbe only man from tbe Pacltto representing, the recently ex pressed popular will.Senator Ham!e wEl loan g i n nottos that be will resign his place in tbe Senate, to take eflect on the 1st of rebruBry.Mr. Green of tbe Senate, aad Mr. Orow ef ton House,Chairmen of the two Territorial Committees, are In eon saltation, to Jx a government for Pike's Peak.I learn by private letters from Philadelphia that themyownoption,udIspeakanMm*)}UIwouldto si y g«-n«!em%n by t m grem#v,i*M> parpoae Is not no much to txakea snrrab,.a« to state vbatltbiak la tta*great dii'.limity. The* is. that a m u baa bean eleetosV oecanse he u> hostile to us. It Is that which a l u m s mf people, u d I am freoijte say now, u I have said, that if that 1 taction wsrs not misted sittrn now or at 10m? d»y uotfudtatut, the abolitionists will succeed in ab< lacing slavery a t over the South. As to toe idea of waiting for over, acts, the Fugitive Save law bn been repealed already practically. I do not think this waa tbe principle on which oar Revolu- tionary fa he s acted. 1 take tt for granted that Mr Lincoln will not re*or- to u y over' acta I presume bo would he conservative In tie declarations, u d I would attach jQtt u much Importance to those declai atious u totboi-eefamuwhowutryinstobridleudsaddlea wild horse, and be would 1ot tbii.it it advisable to appiy tbe wntp and spur till he w u fairly tn ibe saddle I think tt likely be would try to r»i«e a fight Detwoen the people of the South That ia waat they want. Tbey want to get cpa free debate, u 'he * ' aior from New York (Mr. Seward) expressed it tn ote of his speerhts. Bat a Seas- tor from Texu told me tne otner day that a great many of ib*n frt-e debaters were banging from the trees of that country. 1 have ao doubt tbey would ran off a great m u y sUves from the border states, so u to makecase the people or s mob sr ould attempt to take itPmidrn! asd Secretary of Wu ars understood to be favorabie 10 cowpty ng with the demand. Other membersOf the Cabinet differ ss to the propriety of sending aa la such popguns n ^Bwaret" rrses We waat creese of fores, lest It might exAsperste the Sostb aad to do work, no. to play wish Wewaatbeatyimo i t e r supply of cotton on hand, aad that In the pre-•eat unsettled condition oi afialn they are aot Inclinedto make advancement! upon oosaigameats from Soul Bernbouses upon any terms wnatevtr. Tbe practice of one oftbe Philadelphia houses referred to, tor tome time past,baa been to porchan eottoa on sixty days' time. Thear b.ar :» At all nueursM and coualtatiou definite struck, we shoa'd have a hard atrocgle I say, then trader then fell back upon thirty days* time. Tbe Phlla frre, mat our policy Is act to lei thi• thing oonttaBw.pn>B>*iiioM aton the crisis were uniformly met by the deiphia boon refused. The Soathera producer then re Trat, I thtnk, 1« tbe opinion of North Carolina. I thinkMr Moasx, (opp ) of ela., said that tbe reason givenby his colleague (Mr Oopion) for not voting w u the fnstod.WjMEMGfis, Dec. 4, 1800.toe* from •oratr| till sight, everybody wished to aee nab la advance. This w u declined. The Southern them frre Siaus, u e then, sir. when the overt u t «mtamo wbv be » ould not voteMr COBB, (opp ) of Ala., remarked that the reasons usigned by his colleagues wero aot powerful enough for bim, to be would b u u ta bis vote In favor of the resold tion. (Laughter )The election is flxed for the 20tb, u d the Convention meets oa tbe 7 h of January.In a great speeib Hon. Mr Lamar advocates nparato teccssir n u d tbe simultaneous adoption of a federal con-m« Measage af the Preaideel h u s u a the absorbiag Pbilaneiphiaa acceded to. Then the producer demandedBnggcettoa. "Let a* wait u d know what the Proldeatwtii e«y " Tbe Executive Kui;ia «M to-day besiegedby anxious toqnlren ae to tta purport, bat to honorablyn i the Prntoent't ooafiduce la Bll who had uythiogto do with tbe oof ytof or tbe printing oC tbe Message obaervwd, that tta tmiment of the treat qaestiont beforethe party for immediate st-ceesloa is gaining ground ratreated to sixty days'time. Tbe PhlUdetphlsa now de p.jy It 1s idle tor men to shut their eyes to coon Mr PCOH, (opp ) of Ala . utd that u his -Jtate w u President of the Southern 001 federacy.tbo 0000 mtniot, era be lo-teocted ta go aboard, u d oa her arrl*a> in Liverpool to sell the eottan. take the money, invest it ta the arms needed, pot them ab-mrd, retar* wtto tbem and tend them here or in Norfolk before th* 1st of February, lofllla either tcbeme impracticable' Is there any likely to be more practicabler At any rate, we want prompti- tudeA CALL TO ALL ABUT AKD KATT OFVICBRS. [ frohi tbe Char « «KOB Mercn-y. Nov 80 ]In behalf of the people of the state of *oui!i Uaroltaa, we weald ths day call cp»n each ano all o' b-<F aims, who are now ex.gaged to tbe m'fttary service of tbe govern- ment of the United tftatae, to renouLce at once tb* s w r d sod tbe rations of the vulgar oppressor, aad tothe tattoo w u , op tbe latest hour, merely matter of con- Colonel ¥. W. Lander aad his overland wagon roaajecture.ite read » g waa listened to with the most profo 2nd atdrlch. *l!en, Alle», ar.der«>n «f Mo , .r»dereooof *y . *ve-teaima in both bouse* Ton might have beard a pin drop an the republican aide or tbe Senate, or on tbe demo-; Cte Indian w u of Western Utah, Is one of the most! tbrilHng u d interest tog historical doeurxeata ever tbe iltra republi ana rejected It. Tbe great body of ( written, u d reflects great credit upon the Colonel u dchildren Be «iid not rise for tbe parposa of makings Kur-kel, Larrabee, Leacb ot S <'. Leue. I/van, troos;- among hit friends here. His speech, oellvered before •ecker 1 eve, Maelay. Manic of < hia Mania of Va.. May-MI Then there was a change. Tbe Ore eaten relishedlibertyH»f freemen, b-<;neathed ihem by tb^lr fatbert. speech, but to express the hope that the example of the aard. McCiernand, a»c*»n'y, MrPhHrBon Mllls'm, Moire leaving home for Wuhlngtoa, w u a strong disunion 'truth Carolina wants her soU ier sltix-M sroand genu* man would not be followed, and that taey *ou*d (f Ky, Mcnrhead. korri'.i, Morris >t Va Mort.a of i'L, ber sow. The mother looks to ber eons, to pro- not allow themselves to be involved to any such discus kelson Niblac* Ntio". »t»V Falmer, Pend'etn, PetUt, harangue. tect her from otrtntgci Shall she look la vain? an -a- Tbey bad better not have omne at all if they did Peyton Pbeh s Porte', Prvor (Jnartes. Bw*nold«, Sloe, Rixt^, Tbe Grand Jury of the Federal Court of thts city, be *he wants, now. military skill aad science, to di-uceed.pgiy that part which repudiated coercion, whileawagrets, however, highly approved the tenor of the Menage ibToatboat.! bis gallant band of sever ty men. Only one of hat men , w u killed, u d his party slaughtered between forty aa 1B>blr»on of K I sobtoiw of 11'., Hoyew Bn»t, SieStea,not cute with tbe int. ntion to solemnly deliberate on the Sml h of Vn., Smith of *. «' 1 oases Hpau ding. Spinner, Ste- fore sojourning, presented tbe Union as a nuisance. rect tb* coorage u d energies of ber people. She looks toproducers reduced the terms to thirty days, which tbeciined making any purchases whatever, and the Boon is oaa of tbe heaviest In that city.I learn from tbe same source that English nooses bare nearly or quite a six months supply of cotton.quinces like this, if u>thiig can be done to avert the evil while we have tbe poser to 00 itMr CRmsnDU. (opo ) of Ky , said be regretted very much that .he geitleoan from North Carolina had thought It proper to be tbe Orat one to speak of dtsanloo or accuse on He bad hoped tbey bad all come folly impressed with th« solemnity of the occulon, aad with a view to consider tbe evils which hang over onr country, aid p*peo>ailv thoae that threaten the existence ol tbe Luton The gentleman has hardlygoing to follow couth Carolina tbe 10th of January, be wou.d, like Mr Milea, decline to vote.The result on the adoption of Mr. Boteler'i resolutionWU announced *8 follows:—?IAS—Messrs Mains of Man, 4dams if Rv. »drtaa Algreasing ta Alabama One-half of the counties will aeod ry, Babbitt, Burr. Barrett B< cook, Bo»e'««r Hnuiignr Branch. secession delegates without opposition. In the others theparty, bartae; arrived In New York from California yesterday, despatches were received from him to-day thatbe h u completed bis wagon road considerably within thesum of thrae hundred and fifty thousand dollars original- ut 1 red a sentiment ttut he did not firmly feat. Florence, Faster, Koine, Fnutt. F eneh, Ulicoer, uooca,figbt will be confined to those who advocat* teoewioa with tbe cotton Stairs and thou wbo are in favor ofBut ho had hoped lor the preservation of the Graham. Ourley Vaie, Hall, tlardeasaa Harris <v Md.. majority.srelic tide of the House. The ultra republicans tiked the ly appropriated. His report to the Secretary of the la In ion ocder wbicb be had so long lived He Hants of v», H-skb Baltoa. fawlmtok, HOI, Hoard, H 1 Four despatches from Wtsfalsgton in regard to tbe po- basten at ooee to tbe homes that gave tsem birth, for ths•ret part of tbe Menage, and the ultra are-eaten did tertor, of tbe part he took ia closine op the terrible Pahhad hoped that th« Union, which wu tbe glory man Bous»oa. Bo.ard of U. Bushes, Hnmphrev. fen protection of their native soil tbe preservation ef tn* of onr lathers, wcuid nut become tbe shame of their Mrs, Jrnkie Reilar of ill, Keuyon, Kilsore, KUlnger sition of Mr Curry, of thai State, excited indtgaatloa liStitatiois of their State aid tbe maintenance of th*and the aaaatmoaa sentiment is that the Menage is one maintenance. And be truatea there wu no Senator Webster, whlteiey Wl«dom WJJS»OW, »o<l Wor*ruff-t4*, | ia'.tves, u d to look after the bualarn of his wife, tbe but w u willing to yield, and conciliate, and to NA Vs-Meanu iisfcley Beale Htagham Blair B'ake Baf-rTbe Brock lnrlege electors u e now here, and will cist going out o, tbe Union, loan of ihe world's turningef the moat powerful State papan ever pat forth by any compromise, in order to preserve the Union to fintoo Hur!li"-«me. Bumkanj, Caret, e»aw, Kdsrerton, K-n ' late M'm Davenport, who does not accompany htm, bat ton, Gmw, Htokmaa. howrd of Mich , Hntohns Irviae. Eel President or any government. It la asm gensraily ao- bating retired from tbe stage, will settle la San rraneit- the nation u d to ihe country. He looked with dta k>gg of Mich , I>scb of Mi' b Lee bo >mM novejoy. MsKeu.round Every m u tost gm a to the Cos ventlon will be apledged man—pPdged 'or Immediate separate State n -cess on la u y event whatever Once oat cf the UntoB,kaowtedged as a memorable example of the adroitoeu may, and with something like despair, to the coudi oo, to wbteh place Colonel Lander soon returns Be non or this oauntrv when tbe Union is strickenMolnUbt, Morse Perry Potter, Pottle dedgeiwiek, -be nan. Stanton. <-te -etm. Taposn Tomrkios, Wade, w'SAhburne of Wm . Wash time of ID W«|J»~.«a MUST #K Mnr oTtj>«. -Messrs AUaaore Ba-ksiale. Bee>»aa. Boyee, Bnibavm. Boberrield, Gteoaeos Olnnaoo, J. B. Co.lir*»B iraiso' »»,< ralgeof W. 1. Crawford Carry, JJavutat.n I)«wew, Dimm'ek. »<iwards Faraawonh. Qaroett, ulart'el. Hami t--n, B»wsiua, HU»maa. Jonea. BeMt. Laaaar,their vote to morrow.AFF AIRS IA CHARLESTON. CHABxaeroir, Dee 4,1800Tbe Presideci's Menage was received here to-night,u d ita moderate tone surprised saost people It w u ef ber seestsioo, for that rs a flxed "act Let them aotwhich ao man el this day scam a m la soeb nrfectloa, or ' will report here la a few days in person. ana exert with nab enact at tbe pnenr Una, M oaa Mr.dowa, ud we shall be tamed loose to spoon late on the foundations of a new government. He loosed at It with fear aad t emOlmg, whtoa predw poaeo lum to the must so erne consideration that he w n capable of feeling, and to search out, if ponibie, somee*i—sick o the Uator—isguevsd with it anon u y terms that are w thin tbe ra: f- or the widest potFb: it*. Her sots, however, will be- token care e* w»atevar the m a t tIn the Supreme Court tats morning, Attorney General •wantons cheerfully aobaowiedge tbe aompreheaslve j Black delivered a eulogy on the late Associate Justice(KUfu Ivn then who object to hit arguments aadpatriotism ef tbe Pi awdenu They williagly admit that he ' Daniel. Chlsf Justice Taney made an appropriate re- means for tbe reconciliation of the different sections and bar.drtni »»rl.j, Mar» <TD. MeQa*en, BoKae, Hil»«, MDJ.ana dteasasi tan whole question between tbe North and sponse, and ordered tbe proceedings of tbe bar yesterday memo*rs of this Union, to see if we cann.it again restora tbe Bootb ta b sty Is whtoh no man ooald have ventured u d those of to day to be entered on the Journal. thai harmony and fraternity that belong to tbe Union,ward. MfDtfeni'*y. Monte of Ala. «»'ia. Pu»b. beagan. B>' nold*. Raffia rwtt, k'-nunoa Mmonra btrgrtm, Stallwnrth, tavlor. I ocarwood, Van wyU, Waldroa, Wilaon, Woodson. Wriato—agm u y are in hopes that tbo separation a ill be peaceful. Tbe volunteer r r m p u i n here wbo have old fashionedTHI BAVKS OF SnCTH CABOL1KA. (From the Obarleatow Mercury, Nov 30 ]wbteh has given u so much blessing and prosperity. apon who aad any eeltab, pemeaj, sectional, partisan The Putnam Phalanx, from Hartford, Conn , will be here be hrpe-d they should not have any thing irritating orThe banks of this city wbteh did not snspend specie The Hosse sgreed to Mr. Sherman's original motion arms, bare ordered at their own expense Minnie mosketi payments on Wednesday su-pended jesterday. Ourto morrow at six o'clock P. M. They will be received by IB* oompuy A, Washington Light Infutry, Captain Lemuel WAMEHK-TO* Dec 4. 1*60. rowers. On Thursday they will be escorted to Mt. DI differ abont tbe Message. It bis not mnstied Vernon, u d in tbe evening attend a complimentary ballu g r y a ben tbeir duties leqnired solemn -^liberationsno ti:< utht. He trusted they would not allow them Wlnle on tbe state of the Union u d be pruten, wether By Jsnuary 1, tbe Slats will be oa a complete w u p*t meets, but the commercial community wonld havethe tooth nor pleased tbe North. It afforded Mr- Obtg- given by the WashicgtJO L'ght Infutry battalion. Oa u> see a Bat can be done to avoid tbe evil andStateNo question w u taken on any other proposition thanama, tn the Senate, aa opportoaity to pronocnoe for dts- amien, an<l Mr. Crttteaden to defend the Onion.m t h e H o n e , o n t b e q u e s t i o n o f r e f e r r i n g t h e t e e n DM matter la ibe Menage to a special committee, the Sectoral on of Mr MUet, of South Carolina, that his 3ttto wasalreadyeatoftbeconfederacy, aad that her repre-Friday they will be escorted by Captain Towers' ompany to be reviewed by the President, and will leave for home a t t h r e e o ' c l o c k F r i d a y e v e n i n g .to lead to tbe adoption uf good feeling in every portion ofthi* House, and see if we cannot arrive at a satisfactoryconclusion 01 tte question He would not now allude anyf u r t h e r t o a n y q u e s t i o n o f t b e M e s s a g e , b u t a s t o t h e q u e s -tion of Mr Lincoln's erection oeing cause for disunion, point u chairman tbe mover of a propoettkvn for a selectrage, oi Alabama, that tbe Union waa virtually u fu South u Charleston, South Carolina. dMeeived. ef Mr. Joan, of Georgia, renw.anting 4. H.Stephens' district, that hi* State waa prepared to go outar tie oonfederecy; and of other Southerners to a similartrue a respect for tbe country u any ocWa t yet mt't- up tn regard to tbe matter. Conservatives Circulation DepoeiteBt,prodneedbatlittleBtusetion. Therewuaalight rUe upon Mr. MUef declaration, bat it WMonly mo-mentary, aad the House settled itself quietly dowa. Senator Davis, in (xmversetioo with a gentleman, after reading that document said that bfininlppi did not in- tend to leave until the 4B of March, bat that now sheRev P K. Lynen.D. D. cathoiw B«h»p nf Charleston, withdrawshanamefromthelistofcaudnate*for ihe CouventloD of Sooth Carolina. He ny*:—"I appreciate burne, excused; Mr. Kenty on Puo<to Bulidtogs and will give satisfaction to both North u d South. It a the compl'ment, but I most n y that, besides being nn- wlitirg to occupy a very responsible pnsttioe, for tn* "cites of wnlcb I have not beta trained, aad feel nyaeif unfilled, I are that tbe special engagement of my eiencad poain n wtll call me repeatedly away from tbe State, u d wru.d otherwln prevent my utsadlng tne Convention. Recce I m n t respectfully beg to withdrew my n a n * . There is another sphere to wheb I oaa more aporopriate- ly, and perhaps with etjua) efficiency, serve onr s^te. 7a that sphere I trust that I shall not be found watting ia4,1890. Chaplain Stockton offered up a prayer that Congress may wisely consider the propositions presented tn ths Gov Fitxnatrtok, of Alabama, n y t that tbe Menage | The President's Menage w u delivered by R. J. Gtou- President's Message, u d deliberately aot en them In allMr. BiGixs, (opp ) of Pa , in behalf of theMr. lverson, of (eorgtn, entertain the same vlewi u wait on the Pruldent, reported that it had performed itswould go out oa the 8tb of January.Senator Davto, duty.commtttsetobrenaer, bis private secretary.The reading of tbe President's Menage w u commencedat twelve and finished at seven minutes to two.Mr CIIXGSAX, (opp.) of N. C, mid;—Tbe list portion wbteh he will oiler to morrow, or aa soon u be can get of tbe Menage w u eminently patriotic, u d I agree withrighteousness u d truth.Tbe SPSSKSB laid before tbe House tbe annual esti-mates of tbe Secretary of the Treasury. Referred to ths Committee on Ways and Means.Mr. MoasxaaxD, (rep.) of Pa., from tbe committee to wait on the President, reported that tbey had performed that duty, u d that the Pruldent had requested them to n y that he would communicate his Message to tbe House tn writing to day at noon.Mr. PHZLffl, (opp.) of Mo —That hour h u already arrived.ALBAXT, Dee. 4. 1800 Tbe electors assembled la the Senate Chamber at four o'clock this afternoon, aad were called to order by Hon. D. 9. Floyd Jones, Secretary of state, wbo read the listof electors, who were all present.Mr. Bryant moved that ex-Governor Ring be President Mr. Kelly moved that Mr Speldon, of Warren, u d Mr.Parker, of Chautauqua, be secretaries.Mr. Putnam efTered a resolution providing for openingto-morrow's session with prayer.Mr. Fiske moved that the college adjourn until to mor-row moraine at tea o'clock.there were a number of spectators from diffarent partsof tbe State.Tbe erectors partake of Governor Morgan's hospttalltlnthis evening.a y devotion to her Interest!, in weal u d in woe.GEORGIA.A LBTTXB FROM EBI3AD1BB GaVBBALP«ui J demmn, a graduate of West Point, having Iwill rather precipitate act oa tn the cotton statu, aad do<sBot belleva that anything which Oongms may do can avert a disruption or stay tbe revolutionMr. Adram.of New Jersey, hu proposed a resolution, .days, 1 assure you. Occasionally you bear cheerful and appointed 10 ibe c rnmand of the military department oftbe floor, urging upon thoae States that have pusod the Personal Liberty bllis to take stops for their repeal.WASBIS«TOS, DM 4, MWO Tbe ivesident's position in regard to Utah is unaatts•t in that it ia not that a dangerous man may be elected. We know that may occur. But I assert that a President h u been elected beciuM he w u known to be a dangerous man. He avowed tbe principle of what is known u the "irrepressible COBflict," u d avowed that tt is the par- pose of the North to make war a my stoMoa, u 1 for thathopeful words respecting tbe future, but the generalsentiment and expression is gloomy enough. It seems t>be generally conceded that we ought to do justice »y theSouth If wo caa agree u to what justice ia, and the dec'sration is still vary common among thou wbo supportedthe President elect that not the tightest interference is pea^e, po onion, u d sever caa he, w th a fanatic u d ink-del people, wbo, repudiating God u d the Bible, have pro- intended with the pscultar institution of the Sooth, bat lairaed tbemaelvn to favor 0' an antl slavery Bible aadBMtory.ud at said to be erroaeons. It is reported very be ia take a up. That declaration of w u is dangerous be- cause it h u been endorsed by a majority of votes la tbetkoutfcernera hare a b'gh u d sacred duty to perform— Southerners know wen bow to perf rm that daty. "He who dallies Is a dastard. he who dosbto at daiwaed," aad he wbo cries peace, peau, union, anion, when there kt aopsaittve>y tf the South secede, Utah will certainly pro free States. We hare had tbe election, u d tbe Prestdent After tome no important proceedings, tbe Message w uclaim her independnce, and be sustained by all people la that region.The Northwestern democrats may givejupport to some^9ry truly says be may be powerlen by reason of the op- laid before the House, and read by Col. FOBHBT, the position of Congress now. Butfthat la only a temporaryrelief. Everybody knows that the majority which hu Speaker having first requested gentlemen to be silent.that all that was u d It aimed at it Its oonOnoaient there, oy keeping tt out of tbe Territories tf possible.Tbe pulley of repealing or materially modifying thePersonal Liberty bills passed by the Legislatures of South, stand be>tod OJohlng from tbetr pockets—t peo-of the President's views, bat tbe republicans oppose it him a majority here. Both the Senators from lad iana•n tutu. A Nomura republican Senator declarn that aad the Senator from Hi tools (Mr. Douglas) wuld beTne Vote of Texas.Nsw OBLtass, Deo. 4,1800thai u d other States, Mi freely discussed tn all circln,ple, wbo, through the operation of federal taw, rob th* South antnaliy of one hundred u d Ave million of del- lara; decennially of oar thouaand aad ffty millions, andand calculated to precipitate events on tbe Soathera b .1 ««rStates. Vtsglain,Missouri,MarylandaadDataeare are likely to follow in the ssassaton mo rsuiutto day, ho moved tbe previous question. Mr.JOBSCOCHSAHX,(opp.)ofN.Y,hadproposedtosented tome of tbe details of these enactments, • quite"glorious Unton " It eurlcbu tbem—by robbing a . Eternal hostility. say I, to snob people, u d rebellion to theiraccursed leceralmisrule •wparatedfromthen1 thin Is may control and determine the government, and A division of the public property, aad tbe anuaptlon ' oppren. not only tbe South, but a minority at home.of the publio debt, are subjects of calm deliberation 1 Now, I take it (or gruted nobody foresaw this state of amongpremises*men tonight. Withtbeseceaaioa1thicsswhentheconstitutionwumale,batunderoarpre- of Maryland, the capital of tbe Called Stain u d all sent sytVm u everybody sen, there may boa sectionalmajority, which represents, la fact, a minority of theVirginia (Mr. Boteler) bad risen for a similar porpose^be would give wsy.Mr.BoTBUK,(opp)ofVa,expressedhisthanksto Mr. Cochrane, and Mr. Sherman baring withdrawn bisOfficial returns just received elect St. John to Congress from Orange and Sullivan. Two town of the totter countywerethrownoatonaccountofInformality.T h e B u r cat D i v o r c e t a x * . FOCBTE&KTH DAT.NartRwixK, DI Dec. 4, I860 Mr. Beckwitb, for tbe defence obtained permmioo topointed out?Meanwhile active preparatioas are on foot for present-(in our pockets)—we dread Tbeir bavnnets—tbem- n> vee—we dstptte Let a united Sooth rai'.y and strike down ibis God fo-mkea Union with robbers, fanaUca, in- cenotorten,unwtoa,tafidetaborne tbe President elect to his position will soon giveTbe Measage banicg been read,Mr Sunna*, (rep.) of Ohio, moved that it be referred to the Committee of the Wbole on the State of the Union. there are fln distlact falsehoods In it. Northern demo at them. We know that tbe Hone of Representatives is The question of printing tbe usnal number of copies, 20,- crattc Senators, including Blgler, Bright, tiwln, and divided, bat not how long it can be so. We know that 000, will, of course, be referred to the Committee oaothers, friends of the administration, regard tt n weak > New England has presented an an broken front for tbe Printing. Supposing that there w u no desire to debate 82,109.fold leg the aima of tbe federal government erosnd thebeaten by the same majority if they had a chuoe to getkm two years, and does u y one donbt bat that the samevote ran make a clean majority in both branches of Con-gress? andsoyouwillhaveasectionalpartvrultog.And what is worse, it api*a-s that a little more than two- offer an amendment, bat prescu.tng the gentleman fromand writers have (unintentionally no doubt) misrepre- twenty years. No wonder they love "the Uaioa"—thetbe public buildings will go with lbs ?euth. The Southare willing to cede then to tbe North, if the North as- meet I am free to say, If my section Is to be placed in the following, trusting it would meet the approbation osume the peblic debt of eighty aillloas, but with the ant shot fired by tbe army or tbe navy, not anly public, butprivatedebtswill>>eannulled.Southern Senators declare the Message to be weak, vac- cinating, leconsistoat and untrue.toe position which irelud sustained to Great Britain, I ahould think that furnished nrioas cause f r alarm. And then, what is worse, we are under a government of secthe House:—-hesolved, ThalaoBJu-hof the President:» Meawace u re lateatothepresentperilousconditionofta«cmntryberefermust bo dtoappointedAS to Caoinet plaen, there are a number of prominentnames10bepresentedfortheseattobeantgnedtoSeeteqneneefl whew property, liberty, honor, family, are tbe g r u t stakes» Merctfol Father forbid ! Forever perish tbe oreven wbo wooid surrender these for fear of ornftqueoee Ratherlettbe welkinring;Southrons,WUKOBGTOII, Dec 4,136BThe republican Senators caucused yesterday, an! were of tbe r-otmn Statea miy be p'eethvtate, but Igroaadfl the first day of tbe Fair, October 14,1857; spoke with Stuart.As rebutting testimony for tbe complainant, Muyfarther represented in the Immediate administratioa or affairs at Washington, but tne cummoa belief is that New Engbtnd is bound to furnish one member for tbe Jab,net councils.will overrule oonsrquec lea. PAUL J SEkd!-.TBB COLCMBf.- GIABD.A cismber of the Columbus (t,a ) Guard, writing to apeople who may absolutely control tbe whole govern demand for the previous question, Mr. Biteler offeredagain. Let us look to the future u d tbe present only try be re.erreo. to a select committee of one from eachTHE PRESIDENT'S MIBSAGE IN VIRGINIA.RICBXOXD, Va , Dec 4,1800Among tbe arrivals to-night are the Representatives there is a great diversity of < |> nion He did not beliovs committee Be wtahel it understood, In justice to btm-As an ii.?iai.ce of the perfect aounoneas ot oar ChartoetoB banks*eapnendtb*statementofoneoftbesa—tb* Uaioa Bank—atmecloseofyesterday'1operations>- -Messrs Crawford, of Georgia; Reagan, of Texas; Lan-there waa a man in tne State of Kentucky who w u In fa vorofdsuolon. fneywere Unionloving men, and bs believedsuchmenweretobefoundinNorthCarolina,seit u d tbe great orjecta he- had tn view, that be could notserveonthecommute*; behadBOideaofit.lsts who aver that tbeyoughtto bo allowedtosecededrum,ofLouisiana;Barksdale,ofMississippipeaceably, If trey cu. Some are of the opinionseauti fee were hereout of mere form; of Mr. Hawkins, Mr. Morris, of 111 , will to morrow again endeavor to juot isg from the noble character of the State and her rs tion (above quoted) u s separate u d indepeadeot reso- that tbe Prestden's tnilructlons to the commander of axcr-au«e—aterling $10 480 ISei Borida. that the day of compromisn wu pais introduceud obtatnavote onhisUnionresolution,readpreErn>atlvishere Shehasalways,withthenobleArm neaa in ber character, carried the olive branch to her band, u d he hoprd tbe gentleman, 00 reoi-nslaeratioo,lutionMr Rrrrat, (opp.) of N C, and others, streauoasiyobjected to tbe Introduction of tbe resolutionMr Mosul booed the objection would be withdrawn,to u to come to a direct veto.The reutotton was a*an readMr PBEIFS, (opp ) of Mo., cbjssted to Its Introduction,a n d m o v e d a n a / j o e r s e s e a t , w h i c h w u c a r r i e d , a n d a t tb>ee o'clock the Honu adjonrned.KittiHi»e—Northern (duewithin80dajs)... 302842IS Exchange—Southern (doe witbto 30 daya) .... 233 »B8 06ed; of Mr. Singleton, of Mlsitulppi, that hatBute coatd take care of boinlf; of Mr. Advance copies of the President's Menage were sent would unite with them, not doubling but that be bal uFoit Moultrie will cause a great deal oftrouble, andteriou sppreheniions are entertained to regard to It; batthis Is altogether u idle conjecture. Public opinion hi B*.A£ce due by city buktin the House to-day.ti.ln181.77* 26 42 512 70 197 038 00 180,860 4aTHJB 30CrHT H l R t l - S l X r H SECOND HBT1BION.Senate.W'ASBI.NCTO.V, Dee 4,18*0.Messrs Gwtn, Bariaa, Johasoa (Tunn,), rhompaon and Wilkinson appeared ia their se»ta.Prayer was ofiered by tbe Chaplain.Thestandingcommitteesotthelastyearcontinuetbe same, with the following exceptions:—Mr Howard, of Mich gan, on Ways and Means, In plaoe of Mr Wuht O . V G R K S S .JcrXy of the people of bis Mate North Carolina wu next tothelasttocmeintotheUnion,batwhoatheUnionceas«8 to protect her, abe'll Old tbe Union good byeMr FITCHmoved that tbe u»ual number of copies oftbe Meesace be printed—.0 000Mr Hii.s moved that the Senate adjourn. Carried. Adjourned.I e a r n t h a t H o n . J M B o t t e b n w r i t t e n a l o a w l e t t e r settincforthbaaschemeforsettlingtbeslavery qun ton. It hi an entirely original scheme, and tf adoptedMr U n i o nt u x ' s u i s a 'proved th» desire toH>- w o u l d b e s u s t a i n e d i n w h a t h e s a i d o y a m aCOBS der the President's Message a fine prodaotioa.House of Kepresamtattves. W48Hi5GTo<», Dec.place next Thursday at Lynchburg.MASSACHUSETTS.Tie CWht in NOD England—The Permnai Liberty BuU— Lincoln 1 Qtbtnst— What New tnglmndert mreto Oo In, de.deThings look blue in tbe City of Notiou ah out thenttonalcombination,whichdoesootrespectitsownrights,but whrse one principle is hoatll.ty to the Southern States red to a special oommlute of one from each State, with leave produce another witness.It Is that which has a ai mad th« country. But it Is talked to na abiut these thinsd being done under the conttita- lion, u d we are advised that some of the Statu are In- cliaed to be- precipitate I don't think so. Cometo report al any timeMr. MCCIXIOUJSID, (opp.) of DL, wished to move anamendment, u d amid repeated calls It was read, u fol- lows —England. Some have argued that u tbe Vice President is arise: Buckle OB Jour armor I trust in Ood and strkoMartin Winch sworn —Saw David Stuart on the Fair from one of these six patriotic dtates, they will not be for todetoendence ! His right aim will support -on. HapreservetheACATHOLICBfPBOPC A B O L I N A C O S i T X K r t r y N .Among tbe most prominent gentlemen whose claims friend in this city, nys—I have joined t>ie C• uaibu sno cu ess are discussed, ara the two Senators from (.ue/d since my reiurn. We are drilling nlgnt and day, place <n Hits ccantry for tte last flftoan years lflf Blatrs. aud the pro.csal t» Cou*re*s uf arueLamenu to told ber that Mr Stuart w u present when tbe clock w u Vermoat, Hon Jaoob C'litaer aud Bon. S.-ucmm Koote: and have a French Zouave employed to aril «. He has had been done by u y foreign power we should tbe cocstltnttne of the I nl»«d States for the raudcuttoo o< the unpacked, and helped pat it op. Hon. James F Simm mi, now in the Senate, frum Rhode Ween a drill eUlcer in tfco French army for ST«B years, ooastitutioa and laws of their country. They assert that have heri war Evervi>ody kr?o<rs If to-? property of tevrral states, and to toe question of bUte scoe*at n from Ibe Islud; Hon G»orge Asuaaun, of this State; Gov Biok ano serv!d all through the Crimean war. You bai bettertbey have appealed to the country a ion the princi- Frenchmen had been taken b» Earfaad, aad that govern- federal Inloa be referred to a select commldee. to Fanny Burch, recalled, ttstlSed that Mrs Burch told l^gbam and Hon. tiidoon Welles of Couoectiout. Either beilevei be put us through a tremeneous coirse ol sprouts. conaltt of one from each state, Io be appointed bt the speaker;ples of the Chicago platform, that the people have ment would uot protect tt, bot should pass laws to pro- and ttat euro CM n. mitten ^e tnatruclee to inquire and rrport by ber Stuart was present wben the clock waa>reoeived, and w ttieae are perfo-.Uy compel, ot ror that high pxtuion We commence next week rcnclng with th« buyouet andr ven1'tr prcucttoa and its return totbsi<waer, there bil\ or by proposing an atnen'-mtat or amend..enlj when one ef tbe flgurw wu taken oat; she wu qaite io Mr Well,s bu been assigned by various correspond- smaii sword We were bothered al Ore',to icderstanj .Resolved, That so much of the President's annual Mssaaga Spaulding wan recalled. 8he test!fled that Mrs. Burch aaantmocta aga est making any eonpromtw whatever ray b*!ary that if occurrences which h»ve taken aa reiiu • to toe matters of grievance oetweeu Ibe • sreboidwith men or States who ars in the act of violating theendorsed them ud their p ;c tpln by electing Lincoln wcuil have been w\r immediately. But we are in a to 'he rooatilutlon 0' the United Suits, or .'.berwise, upon sshamed, be wu so very rude. and Hamitn la accordanae with ths requirameatsof the worse 00ortltion. The Barrwry States, wh*»n they used sneb tub-ret ard articu'srly whether any further legislationtosend uut their cruisers, werehonorab.e and mauty ornirer<imnrttot^n(virMUnotiontorect«tj»rytogiveprmpt, coDSftiit.-B. They declare their Intention to avoid all reriaic HD.-•fuil etlect to toe last claiiae of the second aeot'oaents from 8pringfl<-ld ano otner places, tU-1 i'oalrnsaisr b'm. bit ^e is improvicp to Ecgltrh tver« doy (ten. O-uerabblp II Hr. Lincoln is wise, he will select a Heiimes is tlie oommkudec. ft wl i be r< metaVred thathe soccpted tbe chailenee to drill wth the Onicago exciting dtssaesloB unten reroeu into It, to push for sard compared ro these prooeedings ia this country And yet, of ibe rrmr.h aj title of toe omtititauon, con'Sernlns the retuia tion; only recollect this; believe it wa! in the pa-tor, U e and courteous manners, one of comprehension and 7. usees He Is a graduate, of tbe Military acateaiy atlect corr,miitee ot one from caca rftato, that there ba a Tbe eoenpromkse propcslttan of Tburkw Weed w u btstory of tbe country? Wo all know that to 1850, when conmitteo of fliken.cord and confusion that e-e detracting the onblic m*ud—unequivocally denounced u u unw'te, Impolitio, uDjust there was a great struggle going oa to g<*t a fair sett c Cries if "»tft no "and aati republican, as a whole u d ia all its partsthe checks quautts to a greater degree than Gideon Welln Esq ot thing likeatay laws, or any msasure-s having for their the; counsel Tor the defendant introduced a number of Hartford He Is a man of a high order of taientgreat ot-jeeit aey re ease from, or atatemeBt of, oar obligationssittrw, the b Mer State* were the first to lea^e us in ths with refwence to the ltast part i>f Mr DMeier's resoluton Mr Seward was sailed apon to know if he endorsed struggle. They wfro the nrst to be satisfied with the A coojmlttet- coa.d not report at any time witnont a suathe course of Mr Wee4 in tbe matter referred to, m l Mr Reward rep.1 led that ae knew nothing ooncarniag Mr. Weea s views atoat a compromise aatl! be saw then in j.rmt, and that aw did aat n d o n e them.witnesses to rebut tbe testimony of Mr. Joy and Dr AllenBccj F Ayer testified that tbe letter shown to Dr K\- len was a copy ot Mrs. Burch's letter, In Stuart's own bandaruing; be iderttfled the copy produced as that aboaii Dr. Alien11/ Van Arm;ia, for the conplalnaat, opposed the ia trtvlncttonofanymoretestimonyasto<rbatStuarthadsaid afcout tbe leiters. The point waa argued at lejogth— difficult depertmenfol the govemment Berk wth sou Browning, for tbe defence, arguing u f » -vor of their rleht to prove that this copy only was everexhibited by Smart Much of tbe testimony tending tossrwg attach!.-«»t to the Union, u d they have nofeaTM eon Sot with tbe Territorial policy of the Chicsgo p'at f»r the fttms. We have more territory than all the eoio- ates bat when th V teceded from Great Britain, and bet-incorporate in bis resolution the luguaxe eontaiaed Intor opening lor tbe aefeuce. Hts speech occupied almost the whole afternoon, after which the deoosHioa of MrsOountrj ai d its cntistittjiu c4 B>aolveo, That a co-i.m'.ttee> of five shall bo appointKcgiuve Slave law. I do not mean to n y that all of j pension of the rales.tbero did, <or the Senators from Virginia were not satis- The ^PXASU decided tbe question was well taken.flee so well. And, again, l u t winter, the State of Sooth | Mr BOOM'K, at the request of nveral friends with- Carolina rent a oomm!mien<*r to Virginia Tnere was a 1 drew b s ooieciiongr**t howl from the pren, North and Stotn, of Ualooism. 1 Mr StAMo.v, (rep) of Ohio, supposed Mr. Boteler acd Virginia w u called upon not to go into any of could accomplish hla object by amutlng the last clause the Sooth Carolina disunion schemes I think it an of his resolution. fortunatethatnoactioswutrkenthen.Ttietrpositionis' MersrSCl'UT,(opp.)ofAlt.,UdBUBNKIT(opp.)ofthoroughness to matters of detail, lodepeadeni in hi* SE oebtort at borne or aoroad Such a atsp would de-To day the ieeaXg rapubicudaaaton,sach uSesrard,reneedea, marts U, Obanuier aad WllMnsos, held aoooaulutKM. and www aolted and anbnsitattag in pro- Hke two persons who have received COBtemp , and one I Ky., renewed tbe objection.J Kyle A Co..Tbosru J N'ackoils, N Nuckolls J«CWareiCo.,A HunUr,Wells, Ourtts k Co . J. N Barnett,Van Marcus,TV*. Camu,W C Buses, J. F Bixemae,Pembertcn A larter, Sammis A Booeey, Reed, Johnson &Co., J H Merry,, J. Eon is A Co., Joel E Hurt,A H On WlU,J A.Matford, Thomas K Wynne, WjnneAPark, Urquhart A Chaomu, Read, Preer A Go ,nouncing the Presidctir's Measage a weafe.mamhy paaby paper nn worthy socb a uiaa at such a tlssesays that the other shall not go away, for then all the Mr BoTLua modified bis resolution by striking out b'ows will fail upon him. and wants the other to stand I the words " with leave to report at u y time "by him. If u y foreign Power had treated as w w s i t n n i i i Mr irustM^jf wished to offer an amenumeat, leavingARKANPA? RESOLUTIONS.It ta charged by maviy bare that there Is a aollaaida bare bad w u immediately. Gentlemen talk about the ! tbe Utuae to decide u to the mode of orguixlnc the disprove the statements of Joy u t Alien, was ad tiittedIhe following resolutions were totrodaced In the Legts M u r e Hodgn A Co.,between the Prestdent u d tbe members of Congranfrom tbe States ttat threaten to secede, and their tilenoe after the reading of ths Message to da/ tt quoted u u evi- dence.The proposition which passed tit*" HouM to-dayreferring so mscb of tbe Prettiest'* Menage tonnoal of then laws, but I am free tony that suca re ff»j.WOttfr oot be satisfactory to tbe State from which ! I euao 1do not see bow any Southern ma1can make thatprorosed. committee.Mr BOTBUU replied be had specially avoided savingbow the committee should be raised.The W AKu said tbe rain provir-ed that the SpnkerAyer testified that he lied ooBvorsed with Dr. Allen 00 tbe subject of tbe letter.latars of Arkansas on the 15iu n't :—1. Be It enacted by the General Aseeably of the StateP Oelelree,K W. Mole* k Co., 1 C Moses,P^roenionAnd if gentlemen on the other side ba-,e >W eJ P. Ii'ge.ihould appotut the committees, anless otherwise ordered. vlcential thst be bad been able to obtain a result of the lut Presidential election, u tt ptatnlv matsi- Sprricer A Sbbott,F-ABtees wm DOnrnaatsd Bar •>#-£— ,_ _ _ ' . , *^ something if tnu WaTm^£t," ,I« »,n ^ ^ - J 1 ! ,mcb mherour l*ea, our fonnres. aad our sacred honorT to mslntato It «•«•-, mtome to clon business relations, all swore to Irs repota-tion for veracity, u d iestlned that tbey would believehim under oatb.The evidence 05 both sidet w u then closed, the coin- ' sisters, that n tbey choose to submit we will abide tbeir J. A Mo.Veil,, B*»'»- North Caroilae,Veaotvea, That we are nnrterably u d Immavsblr attaTbed I Bfver bad the slightest connection with thts case d< stroy the equality ot the Statea H V Me-.s,2 That we d> cot rtgard the election of Abraban John J M.K.odyee,of 1 igiilves f Kim lervlce or la'oor.Mr BOTBLXK dooiintd to accept Mr. Moderaand's amendmentliberal views u to tbe postal ia teres ts and real wants of WcsiP^lst, and it is sa; J enjoys a high rep station u s the country. A moat important crlsl" has arrived to the military tactical ustroctorio perfect «sfeiy, this system of legislation has been go tbe putt* business, and d> all they c u to aid tbe Presi- irg OD. and wo have ao redress In regard t> the Siatedent of the u a Wed States tn executing the la n o t the of 'out J Caro ita, I think she h u shown ooomendable •ouatry wherever or by whomever . wlitcd pst'etoe. Oectieaoen »a> that ihete border Mates hive the most reason to cnaplaln Bat what has been the pastCross-examined —Don't recollect seeing htm that day; officer 1 doubt whether a man could be found, in or oat achereicc to those principles wh>ch alone c u suits'n us moot, which would have placed the South in a fair p% < Mr EW-CK, (opp ) of Va-, raised a question of order the only reason 1 have for supposing him home Is from of New Er giand, combining these reqautite and essential under the shock. Hence we u e mierly opposed to an\ -onJr twSennuliSJr*'!*'eassmsr tberT-hr*11; A n d l b e t »c > 1'Mnoipul parlies prima*, cause of m,r .resent greatness a-d prosowr.tJ »»» of tbe wealthust and most prominent eitizens of Catce spirit, wfcich prompted It is caase for j ;st a,arm, ud tooone member frum each Stole, wu opposed by nartv^bi^vS!2S!^l,lSrtttt n* *b*0,nt« eubaimlon totoeUnionof thestales,toatwerecoen<z«totheDnfcmtoe Sometwenty-fiveor thirtygentlemen, Includingsomo Ltocolii a'ones<abreachofour federal rlgota,bat the BrewerAratterton,over th.rty repab'leus, tbey beMevtng it to be ssteptowvisacompromise,*»—*in»ha-11wuclearthatthe mejorttv of a oommittot thus cos iracted woult beon the aid of ths slave power, whether any SSIIIIIISI 1 iTL loBttMrw w»—— *- "-^a"mm> yen will see moat of from south Qarollbn acted or aot. Kepublieaas who ths ^ * w » . • ^ ^ " » ° « ? B at an early day la mydec'st.n. Bc» if they, or any of them, de«un I. wise aad Cody, Fiemiag A Co . voted for It, BOOMof them, atgas that the naturally dis'< dc,w«iW bo todlTids the P - b l t o T r o S ^ ^ ^ Mr Brreurr suggeated that each committee man be MalnaBt receiving tbe privilege to produce the deposi- prudent to withuraw, w r wjj| rejar,i it u car duty to2ESare^bTw?,t^.T*"'•••"teteed'os,andthose ^ e ! ? w T l *?-**? • f w w a w » « » to see tr M y no w guaBaucso, and have as yet seen noilurg, either to the eienlou So, testified to an Intimate acquaintance with Davidofrnrahia Wnsnh.tothe FreaUeaey.orf,oiTImy marttorperiodsoffromfourtotwenty-Aveyears,and t^Msour».tojae«irylt« dtosoluuVra and .hat we pledae toplainlytooioatnthatlawua ompwetsa-eofnoforce wben oppe sed by tae general spirit oi fanauciam « nkto teems to pervade th» Northern mltd.Hull, Duck ACo, ThomasDeWolf, Jcbn Liron,D B Thompson,Objection w u made, Ms. Boteler't resolution being towgmut, the wisest thing this C^maa iLTr? disunctly before the EousesrI 8. R:»ohe<1, That we will defer to our n'der Soothera Gceichits Hodgn*Co., D L Kooasr, T. M Horu.cordant material of soeb a casssaittoo will asoeesuily j to'sppM'don tb* publio debt l n u T h e a r d ^ k ^ selected by the State delegation.ti-ta of Urn suffering that will £ , J " " J Cries of "No, Bo; that is contrary to tbe ruin."areoiade the posalhiiity of say agreeneat. there is no Booth aboul H t » ? "cede, Bot my r * ^ are aoTterrlfl Mr. Krauttx, (opp ) of Md., suggested that instead of doobt that should a report bo made by the osamitte- <a 1 ed by u y .*•«• Men. They have been governed h» one words -'perilous state of the country ' Mr. Botelertion of Mrs "hompeoo whenever r-.ecived. Adjourned till afternoon.uTEAsfoos asssioxTbearguijent waa commenced this afternoon, Mr Mil- i rigbrs of Sitaes and io'livijuals, tna distruy alixe oar a Barnard fcCo .Mr i W i r c m d - j proposition, to that the House mightform, teat e. ery repabliaaa will vote against it. They ter territflry, tha.^ •fl' sofiport a population of tbres speciflcally know what is to be referred to the coraastttee. A » « r L e T 0 0 ' ta ^PP01"1 * l h - ttstimocy of Mrs.' ; ed by the President or the Senate, to be called tbe Oom s. E. Goodman,rteetare Jhsf i^f tsin Beitber be frlgblencd nor cheatedbom* d r.' iocs T t h<re iaur I.aBey u many peopleUntitled DocumentIbe question w u taken os agreeing tc Mr. Boteier'f re-Anna T. Mather, w u read. J. Bowett, mitt* a of Federal Relations, whose doty it shall be to D P K1»to.I wish to n yThe fruit** interrupted him, uyinf objection aa*course tbe admlDi.-tratloB will pursue in this matter.IMPOBTAHT FMOM aiSBWSlPPLNsw OBXSASTS, Dec 3 1800. Ths Mississippi Uglalaturaa'rournwe oa the 30tii utt.Tbe Convent on btlni, the •ecesston resntntlons aad tbe bill antnortzing tbe govemment to appoint commission- on to eo operate with tbe BlavebotdtBg States, were pasted cnanimonslyThe Stay law sad Kon Importation Slave aot wars ds-pofB be prednces sad farnteb d to as to tlteie frx*m u y »• unr ry or number of foundries to America* Ws ars la- cimed to doubt it. What then aaoald be dooaf We v n - ture to scsgest. u d the suggeatioa may go for what it Ml worm way saoasd not sBraaer atx eBaamaatsaarsbe appointed by the State to prooswd Unmedsataty to Eu- rope—to Kngtard, F r u w u d Gertiany—t" parchass on the spot, ail ths anas, ef every description, that ar* needed by tbe State; to obarter a steamer, and ship them immedtatefy to CtuJewtca, «r Itorrnlk. Va This could he done—or tbey could be ordered, tn be paid far oa •euvery the emmmimionen would reach Europe within three weeks from tons date Before tbe 1st of January, 1841, tbei arms purchased wouid be shipp-o by steamer u d oa tbeir way here Before tbe 1st of February tbey would be in tbe b u d s of the men who a e to o n lb am And toev wow id he wnpnet fit to be need to a good cans*—«et Yankee truwopery u d condemned Cc.tedSiatrs arms.Another prejen has beea seggestod to waasnswhat t'mliar to tbe aoove — That three or six (x>mmiasioaaT8 be appomted by tbe State, that a steamer be obartereiMr. CURBY- No, sir.t h e UB v e r n a l c u s t o m o f t h e H o u s e f o r t h e e i p e a k e t o a p -MrMOBBID,oiHi,ukedleavetoiutrodaoehisresolu-Grouncs. in place of Mr. Mcpherson, excu.-ao: Mr. Mc Phersi^n oa Naval Affairs, In place of Sohwarts, deoeared; Mr Barrett on Public Lands, to plaoe of Blair, not now a member ot the H• n*euxlously looked for by tbe public.A grud mass meeting, irrespective of party, will takeOrganization of the gftw Y ork Elsetoral C o l l e g e .OUB BO8T0N COBBZ8PUMDBNCK.Boston, Nov 28,1800Mad to trouble. It ha- not yet been determined what wttb Uw latest imarov meata ta wore, 4w Oaasatowea-Mr.hiuse.(»op)ofSa, utd thathisStatewasoutof the confederacy, except 10 tbe me-re lorm, and there- sttuition, U d tbe Southern members u d Senators to formfore her ol«-g;.tii>n took no internet io thie qunstioo. a congress of tbe new repuBlle u d appoint etecton for here, that tbe be law?en with cotton for Live-pool, thatj ttljp Pah Ctes, u d made the rest fly for their IIvn u d great questions thus tcrost up * us This Union w u n venaon Stewart frf a-d, S'«w»rt of Pav, Stokea, Stoat Strat ber army and navy officers to suop'y that want Let Staoe tbe adjournment to day I b a n mingled with die- i treat for peace. Colonel Lander h u proceeded to Bos tablifbea by great ucriuces, u d tt la u worthy tore, taa*er. Tbeaker Ihniaa, Train Trrmile, Vadlaadls; Waim secession sermons will be delivered on Thanks- ihem return boaw at once, without u y tnttatton what- tangaiateedatateamenofbetbboiiaeaandofallpartial,!ton,LynnudSalem,Man.,tovisittomeofhisownre ofgreatsuriflcesandgreatoonceMiouforitsbam,VsLce-Vsndever,Vtirre*.Wnltoa.WarhhurneorM*.,gvtngDay,bothhereandinColambas. ever.TheyneedhaveBOmoredoahtotSoatoCarolina'sThis reniara was received wiih marked gool hunorbr»jto» Brtgsw Brl»tr>w, Brvwn unrch turneu Campoell,T a U r Horace F CI rk ntark o* Mo tyibb, John CTChrane,Oo'fax Conklmg Corwto, c.voda. Oox (tortia, uavlaof MdDavis trf Ind . IHITIBO Mi's , I)e / a eti« Delano, l>ueU, Duon.»dmunci»on. Bry, hlllott SogllU Btberdse Ferris separate State scion. The latter will be largely tn tbeIMPORTANT FHOtf ALABAMA. MOBTGOMBBT, Dec 4,1860.The disunion movement is steadily but quietly probesrtate; but rather let tbetr premotiiodc bnpeak the Since tbe purport of the Measage b n become known amount of tbeir devotion to tbetr satire Hate.supposed that the President would declare for coercionthat the Meen*e be refund to the Committee of tin banks, we believe, could e u i y ba^e continued specieselves 10 be involved In u g r y diicusstoa now; that ws with Bolster's amendment thereto, viz:—'haiso much ofshould have no expressions to be detai'cd over aad over It u relates to tbe present perilous cocd'tion of the ooan footing.eeffrred from ibe reatriottooa a ensUBUtuo ol paying specie must have pn-ducei. whitotthe revolution through wh'ct we are p w i r g rendered it eertala that they must stspei d before long We bope that the seece patriotiam wuich baa induced their aaeneneion will govern their course u<tbe coalmen ny to relieving all embarraasments a c c o r d i n g t o t h e i r a b i l i t y , a n d r e n d e r i n g u e a s y u p o s -tbe one aoove mentionedMr. BOTKIax wished to say one word. He knew It w uP m ' d e t t ' sMessageTbeI r g , a n d c r e a t e <l a g r e a t s e n s a t i o n o n a o ; m n t o f t h e P r eaident'a views and intentions regarding secession It sible the glorious consummation of tndeoecdeaoe and goeB very mncb against tbe inclinations of the disunion- liberty tbe State Is striving to obtain for bee citizens.w u reoeivtd here this even-ud—with tbe exception of the peppery abolitiaalato—inBreckinridge's majority over Bell u d Douglas ta a sincere u d ooncilatiory tone That Soathera speakers tao thousand one hundred mimosa of dollars everyThsTenthleugrasstonal District.ALBAXT, Dec 4,1880. • may be fuiy understood u d their objectionable featurn they are impotent to harm us. Tbeir w e s . their huttsCressexamined—lon't recollect anyother conversa-man for that pace of a clear head, ladustr.ojs haoitetold me no one else w u present.Christopher R iberts ca led for the complainant.—Amhistory of tbti Important braich of the government ao 1certain. Shouldtheynotbepublishedtnfail,thattheytogtbeclam-sofsundrygentlemenfortbeplacesofhonorand emolument, which will be in Mr. Lincoln's gift, afterthe 4th ot M.roh next. There are plenty of applicants, era coasts will be no <iopi«a*aat sound to <ne Let coon- Union or no Union, u d It it quite clou that somebody qcecces take n r e of iheeoMrvea Are we 10 cc nnt eon-MlKCBaKm OF COLCMBCP.The undersigned merchants of Celumbos, ami 1 tbe dis-December, 1»47; can't u y if he w u at home all day. new President that thedeoarimentof srhlch we are speaksbonld be assigned to a clear beaded, energetic, practical po! ticatlj u d commercially—oeg l^ave to express ourMr. chtiMAN proposed to Mr. Boteler, instead of a se- bookkeeper cf Burch's bank; Burch was horns on 2tth of It Is • f vast consequence to the success and com'ort of tbe«. H. King sworn—He stated to his presencedeposed that It was almostStuart ! Pro- ',.•"•"• **« w-cv'rw w;th sorrow aid regrwt theMr MORRIS, (rep ) of Pa., uttered u amendment, which copy from Burrill of the letter bs had received from Mrs. ! rests1 a, spirit of a^gre-wive 'uattcism wclch,"lf not Lag and A Btrch w u read for information— Burch, whtoi he had destroyed shortly after Its receipt speedily checked, will override the COMtit at Ion and Smith A Daniel,views ano actions u d ot unimpeachable integrity *\>rm u y >ears be was Postmaster at Hartfoeo, Conn aadprevious to that w u the able editor of tho Hartrnrd Rav*No man in tbe country wields a more powerful p n t n uvW R Drown,Vent.Col Iron »i rks,E S Roberts,Sec'', BUS. Iron Works, J< hn Lee.Mr. Welles.the new admtntstrattoa wonld be fortanate tn iwcirlor Hal Morn A Co..thenervtcnofsuchamanInthatmostrupoostoteandfollow, ace let the consequences reel u(x>n tu isa whose J. S. CfHbeirl,| constant sp rit uf aggi-eiiion induces the necessity of thti Cavto Mrat ton,G^riy ,'a'o., bcwe.i A: t 0 ,O L olcGougb,F c Tiiimu,H T Hall,Cn*iBc A Jthsaon, Erie* & 4Wawher,H. Miodlebrooc A Co ,marge A K-»rria, ii a Wk.re A V,n, Ogiet'ee A Barned, Paul -1 e n n x t , W. H Yonug. •ttep and evinces a oesire to trample uod«r oot tbe S Hienaasn,nothtrg but eosqaest wilt br<ng ber n*ck She Mi resolv- rPKCL1KB8 TO W TOColumbus, ia., wrote a letter to ackaowiedgemeat ef the high honor wh ch bad been oonferred open Bin, from who >b wa take the follow tag ex tret—U inti slavery God, deserves everlasting ettcrationI rejotoe at the dawning of the day which is 10 separateas, I trust to1ever, frrm soeb a people—a people who.Believing that tbe union of the South lies through tho blood of her s o n , tbe note of abolition war on oar Soutfc-si roy all oonOdence abroad andaanulall credit at h->me. We mest have good btws ar d aa sound a cu»rency u oar noikhbeif. , and we will u u t to a oommw -jmpaUiy for al <-is* we need — *>«**** m aa aaaadmexit.The ooart adjourned t.,, a ae to mo-row. The cans will i take- LIS su^<?ct toteconsideratiou and r»"> -j ^|Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comprohablyoljseaa»0TdAyant. cat. wiu ja T otht.n ifte. it avjne ear.'j period of tbe t.j't.tiareD UtfrI t.lvirgstca, I. S &i*nr, 