 Iiwere quite strong enough to throw upon ua therespon- eibillityofarupture. Mr.HorsmanandMr.Kiuglake may say, if they please, that it devolved upon u»to act upon a burning suspicion, and thit w e ought t o have obtained from France an express renunciation o fnothing for Lord John Russell's observations, but ths ParisBourse,undertheguidanceofImperialfunction- aries, actually demonstrates the fact.: Lord John Rue- sell epoke strongly, and the Houee cheered loudly. A great effect was produced in England, i n France, andIn the name of the Most Holy and indivisible Trinity, His Majetty the Emperor o f tbe French having e x - plained the considerations wbiob, in consequence o f thechangesmadeintheterritorialrelationshipsbe-iHabaWee and provide ferflier rolling etocjc. : , ,,. brigandage, however decently disguised, syBtematic J$t l#E ANDVICTOREMANUEL Ataxoeetinirofth*AtlanticTelegranhCompany :piracy,howevercourteouslyworded*hasnofxieudsforof the House. The* y e p .contract o f marriage, a n•auibenticaledcopyofwhichliesinthearchivesof ART.VH.ForSardiniathepresenttreaty mm^^mi *•wkm ;*}* J.Partiaineni -wan quietly discussed and adiourned byLord John Ku**ell and all tbe English Cabinet, Government, 1 as caused a great deal of distrust. That when suddenly t h e French Emperor declared h e conduct, taken together, has produced great mistrnet eouldsotpartitionSavoy,and,therefore,claimed inthi*country,andIbelievertwilproducegreattais-" Both in the Parliament apd in the press, the irrita-tion against France is certainly at its highest point.But it is precisely on thoso extreme exaggerations that treaties," [which n o human being o f the rulingwe rely for openmg the eyes of men of sense, and orders has put the slightest faith, in this many astopping the imprudent leaders of parties in a career year, is Etill more ridiculous. That miserablefull of peril. France h a s t e n truthful and moderate; parchment security was as good for Archducal Tus- other, that he was an undutiful son and law-and- of Savoy, and to obtain that the statu quo should be,!•Iable to discover the grounds of this expectation. T he most polemical disposition must have material for its nourishment,butatpresenttheSavoybusinessfur-and muttering in reply to his remark that we. wereimmmmwmiwmrmm -"THB^&HAVOYi^ThereJSprobablybutone opinionamongEnguab- rnen as to thesystem and poBoy> of •&e*F/eboh Emoire tXheKngUehimareholdorp &Wg^e^®%Sfe in.thisdarkanddisgracefulbusinessoftheannexation way *rCaua*a niad^gtWd to ^ ^ ^ f e ^ S ^ ofSavoy. There is but one opinion as to the tenden-mtndatiou to xaiee an^ationa^X.SpQ^OO to payoff cies it betrays and the dangersW.creates. DeliberatevFRAl^ll^tractsforthe.sakeofdarkening kriowiedge. The domicile to Italy, and settling there,iaF.altimore marriage never< *wa» thoroughly legal, their qualifications as Sardinian citizens whl jneverwas properlyauthorized,;-and''wasannulled them.' '* :••<'•:•'' "•***:&;'° Jj& &m3 •-THEPR! FK*HT.'•-.••T W Soyal Mail ateamafiip Persia, Oapt. Judkias, *fro» Lrr*rp->clatabout2^»•onthe »stt^in>Sfr<>TOQaeenatownon the evening of the1st fa**., arrived here at 4 o'elk^on Thursday morning, bringing 197 passrngeTB.the^soh^&seed at «*«2S^S£SrfiJ 29thFebruary E^efft^^^g^g^ aiventoborrowou,»*>rtgagethesnniof*^W}f* J2 iore^an 6 per cent interest,to bedevotedto ^kKe^tegSble avagablerandinpaeeofsucK e«%^ mortgageesto^ve the .power of convertingthe event of failure the procsedB from the sale of such portion of the old cable; as may be recovered are, af5er pay rip *xpeB»ee; to»b» devoted to t h e reimbursement oft Mi loan. ;....-, •>> bi £.•' '<''- -admirersinthisoldlandoforderedfreedom. But.do %•Torcayis^Sa^rf:FjiBque**,';f«.;d^Uf:^^)B?i theMinistryofFoTeignAffairs,provesbyitsfirstcomelawassoonasthenecessaryLegishjtivesanctie'< has been given by the Parliament. / I t ' •••'*'•*;ART. VIIL The present tr^ty shall be.rafified.SSS& theratificationsexchangedatIurinwithinthedelayten days, or earlierif possible. - A jg >Tbe North American arrived at Liverpool at 9:20 oncaaeed this advance for political purposes, and thesemi-official writers o f thel press boastfully1 declaradthattherisewasaproofoftheperfectindifferencew ith which the prospect of * coolness between the twojof the great Powers, togeuirT w i * a t b e Embassador dD;diatribes against England.The Paris correspondent o f The London Herald,^ofSwitzerland,winsoonassembleatLC!^ *fortries—but the Powers o f Europe, i f they msau t omaintainthatpeace,mustrespect-eachOder's'ri^ht*; citedthedisapprobation,ifnotthedisquietude,ofEr.-PERSIA.Q U E S T I O N .» TM ^ L b l a « < n f t e x , 1 * d * r ^ Court^rh*v»gvt^^In: »nppo*t d* ^ material power. > 'm'-r>.'-H^ v: ' v".";^ fts ':'. -":> \*";* '%• son) deale J n %n^ir^08inn«tkiis and garbled ex-•••' i .••The annual meeting o f the Atlantic Mail Company (Galway line) bad been held in London. I t was a u - Tb«<31a^owarrivedatQaeinstownonthe30th, noenocothatnearlythe-wholeofthecapitalbadbeen ovhrcribed, and that four new first-class steamer* were" to wbicb^" as he wrote to Jerome, "she hasnoranged there fbr thrs-correspondenoe. Needs mu»t " right, because of the non-existence of her union." leasing the inhabitants of Savoy and Nice from^forther f.tbe morning of the 129th nit. a^theXew-Yotkreaebed Southampton on toe same^mVf. . . . TWnew* « wainly an amrdiacatioo of that alreadyM M M t Prince Albert.upsetting*!1 the polrtical and other gravities a r - that I pukthe preeen t wi itirig under his patronage;?9&e> Ivivacityof English parliamentary orators and news- papereditbrs, apropos o f the annexation of Savoy,returning from Italy, will stop successively at Cham- bery and Nice, but that a military occupation wiff only;; tele place when the necessary formalities of the treaty haveb*enfulfilled. ThedistrictsofChablaisandTHE STATE; OF EUROPE. €»gOwaO»tt»wJ«rtLOSDON, Friday, March 30,1860. 8ewe,areatlast tohave a Congresstoarrange'.THE PRIZE FIGHT..The Cbi^f Constable of the Isle of Ely (one o f t h e anxiety to maintain the peace o f Europe, would n o tother cirenmstanoes, t h e warmth o f expressions and duties—-protested; the case was tried before amightkindleFrenchangerintoablaze;nowthey cpnseildefamille,anddecidedagainstJ.B.(P.),can |hardly scowl foY smiling. They were already only he was permitted t o keep the name o f Bona- Faucigny wfll provisionally receive no garrisons.in high glee with the annexation o f Savoy. That parte, which he had always been known by [though A dispatch from Berne mentions that the Swiss tte • • wasalreadya thingdone,nottobe undonebutby :the Princenever wjll write it down orspeakit Governmentintendedtoprotestagainstanyoccupation,'''Savoy, as it is- said, but in feet to tear the treaties A report was current that the fight between Bayersof 1615 to pieces. Napoleon has long bad tfce great- and He* nan might probably b e put forward,two or estdesireforsaeb&Congress; infeet,itwasone threedajsonaccountofthethreatenedpoliceinter-glish Cabinetj seizes on the occasion to say that England is not the Power with which France ought to form an intimatealliance,andinsiststhatthebestthingthis latter country can do is to march right forward with- out caring wbat any other Power may think. T h e Dciaisgoen still further, and expresses the opinion that, although the noble lord's words do not go the length of announcing war, they imply that the inti- mate alliance between England and France must be consideredatanend. Thefollowingisthelanguagethe least, nor from any. other any great present (4* Paterson")]. Again, and so bately as last year, lais and Faucigny, until such time a s the Powers who danger. The mere addition o f more territory, the Mr. Jerome B . (Paterson) revived the vexed ques- have guaranteed the neutrality of Switzerland, and whoef the great object* l o r which be strove for a con- siderable period, and w e have more thin once been On the threshold o f snob a consummation. Still, i n 3859, wb*o Russia proposed it, before the Italian campaign, France would have gone at a dtsadvant-ference; it was believsd, however, in sporting cireles that the original date would not be changed.ENGLAND AND FRANCE.Tbe relations between England and France seem tofying to this people. The vexation that it seems to cause the English hightens their pleasure with a n exquisite relish; the more the English don't like it, the more they do like it. It is *' avenging Waterloo."" If English language continues to be addressed s o violently at France and the Emperor—if charges of double dealing, robbery, trickery, and the rest, are repeatedoftenenough,theywillleadtosomere- turn o f compliments from this side o f the channel; a newspaper war, such as we have had half a dozen of in the fast as many-years, will rage for a month or two, the entente cordiale will lose something o f its affectionate cordiality; and that will be all.I am the last person t o defend ambitious terri-itage from Cardinal Fersch—in vain, of course.The Prince winds up his" note"in these"amiable . matfeT,ag©intosnobAnvetinsr, thequestion of tbe an- benotalittle disturbed bythe speech ofLordJohnwords: "The question, then, is finally settled, and " these reclamations, s o many times rejected b y 44 the most ooinpetent jurisdictions within the past 44 fifty-fiveyears, can have but one purpose, as im- " possible to attain as it easy to guess."This would seem to mean that there is no sort of chance of Mr. Jerome Napoleon Bonaparte o f Bal- timore ever having his mother's marriage (an invio- lable sacrament in the eye of the Church, civilly in-A report was cuirent that negotiations were on foot for a Congress on the Swiss part of the Savoy question; that Russia, Austria, and Prussia were in favor of it, and that France would positively submitto its decision.The following is a summary of the report addressed by the Swiss Federal Council tothe Federal Assembly: " The interests, the safety, th e independence, an/neutrality o f Switzerland demand that her rights, innexationoftiieDuchiestoSardinia, whichatalatter period wasto besubmitted to the greatEuropean Ajpeopagus, also seemed inconvenient toKapoleon, since t h e principle o f legitimacy wouldhave formed the chief argument of Austria againstRussell,intbsHouseofCommons,onMonday,the 26th ult. The debate was on the annexation of Savoy; Mr. Horsman made a violent speech against the policy of Napoleon, in concluding which he said that in vin- dication of his right a s a member o f that House, he*of that paper:',,.-,. •.:•• . 'ilive intended change, arid Russia and Prussia wouldha*e probably sided with her. Therefore a h e w declared tbe policy of the Empsior in Italy, in Savoy,recognized in France, or of being properly recog- Even admitting that the neutrality of these provinces nized as a member of his own family, or o f inherit- should continue, their annexation would still be against inganything from h i s moribund father; t h e very the treaties, and would threaten the rights and inter- aiming at which unattainable ends his affectionate ests o f Switzerland. The expectation o f the gooddodge h a d t o b e sought, which would force the conservative Powers into the Congress without em- ba-rraiwing Napoleon by principles agarast which heand Switzerland, to be one of deceit, perfidy and injus- tice, while he made mere tools of the -Ministers of Ea- glaxd. Lord John Russell followed, defending thetorial annexation; but cannot help noting, with my and virtuous half-brother evidently thinks i s highly offices of the Powers concerning these questions reas- French friends, the laughable side o f this sudden improper, not to say criminal. Your correspondent sures' Switzerland, on condition that no occupation off British indignation on the subject. The truth o f i t wifl not presume to go into the merits o f the case, those^provinces by France previously takes plase, and is, that Kinglake and Lord John Russell are bothw the etrongest living protest. H a d b e , as was Ministry from the attacks of Mr. Horsmau, but givingoriginally intended atPlombieree, simply taken Nice and two-thirds o f Savoy, t h e slopes toward Switzerland being joined to Switzerland,in tbe plainest manner an opinion o f the Emperor, as follows:which, like one o r two others, has two sides to it. Notable features in. i t are the absolute silence pre'-, served by old Jerome, and the rather unfilial man- ner in wnich the brothers^ fighting between -them- selves, give their old common parent ugly "side digs*'(if I may so speak, in a hurry, of royalty). One brother proves that he was an unfaithful hus- band, and went on to be a not indulgent father; thethat the statu qap shall be respected/'n11 Europe/ would nave feebly protested, a n d man in his appreciation o f the character o f the Em-talking more to Bnncombe, than t o t h e question. Lord John must b e sirgularly innocent if, with Palmerston to help him interpret, he has been d e - ceived by ThouvenePs dispatches or the Emperor's speeches. The sudden arrival of " faithof Vieneseleft matters to take their regular course. It wasupon tfaia soppositioo that Mr. Kingl&ke's motion inperor of the xrench; but it is obvious that the course which has been pursued, as I expected from th e first, and as I fransJy stated from t h e first t o the French44 That the Assembly may ratify t h e resolutions which have been adopted, and grant' the'necessary credits.TbeEarl of Elgin was to ta*o VJBdepartwrejfcgk)TohUo^^r^j^M^B^i^ir&$Whosepreparation of t©4thei^mi^i-w^ ^Mtoa-omtla^tl^AprfL "" r - * — ~ W ^ S S W f ^ ^ o b n K u ^Wflv proveto be'trr*p^rawxj^?nicioue.presemgthe unan&ousludgmentof the nation, and we do not think it will lend rtself to bestow br con >t*rHr., Wawyw Jobson, ^bobrecently^plajpw£ i"'msvprove , part i n a;Ncw-YorMawv»if^S&ft&QMi Thieis's volame. I t is-longer than tie other. The•''oneyear,datirgfromtheexchangeof„ and in virtue o f a previous declaration -compotent authorities, the faculty of r<dragoon chablepoinx tratb in a aenee o f ib>I»aSreTreaw«tien; fat I : the best sua,'«ef>,wrlh'Caj v' ihe even u^ somewhat Piazza Colobeing contracted for carrying out the fortnightly ser- vice m June next. An offer of £280,000 bad- been re- eeived for the •contracts of the Company, but could not be accepted, as it was contrary to agreement.x !..ing facts by dint o f will.' That ia what killed'him;]..- ' .t , \ 'R» y;^^»-"T>'*''•& 'Ji B. (Paterson), oh. occasion of the revival of the Empire under Napoleon III., laid claim to rights in the Imperial family. Prince Napoleon andSister is'agreeably exhilarating to the French. * Under MathiMe—jealously observant of domestic rightsdeclares that France and Italy are two sister nations *'?chkf.resortsforprizefights)hadobtainedwarrants for the apprehension o f Sayera and Heenan, with a view of their b*mg bound over to keep the peace forbesorrytohaveanopportunityofplacing^Franceina situation analogous to that of a dangerous pneoherj on whom itisnecessary to puta strait-waistcoat.The" I do not wish to follow the right honorable gentle-The following are, therefore, the proposals made by the Federal Council:•'•t fBins*/respecteaohother'slimits;andendeavortore-g:ay.d«TheFrenchpressoncemoreexhibitsinsome ofNiceandSouthern Savoy; rescind the faxwus tinguisheaitnptoarecenttime—infact,totheeveofthepurposeof"defeatingNapoleon'sschemesof*conquest,'' though they will sanction the transfer store, and not to disturb, t h e commercial confidence, of its "organs" that hostility to this country which dls-The Italian dhnculties in relation to the Pope are saidtobeinthewayofafairarrangement.TheThe races out at La Marche, and straw hat and light silks in the shop windows, are the only signs of Springoutsidethealmanac.Theseasonisunusually" It would be puerile to conceal the effect which tho sitting of the House of Commons has produced in Eo- gland. The public eee in this accord of the Or>oositiou and the Ministry, and especially in Lord J . Russell's speech, Dot an approaching war with France—for everybody in England o3chews such, a th^ght—but the end o f the close alliance which till lately rendered the action of tbe two Governments common through- out Europe, and indeed throughout the world."Tt*e Patrie considers that so much more has bean said than thecase requiresthathopesmaybeenter- tained of a return t o sounder views, when the inevit^ able reajtion sets i n . But i f not, France may at last get weary of hearing herself unjustly abused:> eference to the neutralized provinces of Savoy, should validated only by a retroactive arbitrary decree) • ot be encroached upon by their annexation to France. •xCanailwhich is the result of peace, and tonda to peace, aad the Commercial Treaty. W e can hardly bring our- Si&cfo newspaper, last Summer, treated its readersWyse deSoJms (I can't stop todisentangleher connection with the family line) has scudded away from her retreat in one o f the Savoy towns, over the mountains, to Milan.theircorps. "A journal under French protection was shortly toome out at Geneva to advocate the doctrine of- natur-elauses which exclude th e House of Bonaparte which ult'mately forms the hapjjjness of nations. selves to speak. seriously of the Opinion PuBique, firwn ib* throne o f France: acknowledge tho terri- [Loud cheers.] which has just thrown out its defiance of England,torial changes bo. Italy, and probably eoter on the THX PRXSS ON THE SCJBJ2CT. _ and dared us to reorganize a coalition after the fashion discussionofaFrenchschemeforreadjustingthe FromTh*London,Tim*s23tAult. ofPitt.Weareallaccustomedtothoserevilings territorial settlement of Europe. Napoleon intends After the long suspense asto the intentionsof France wiich are. poured.out under the permission o f the to propose t h e cession o f Venetia t o t h e Upper and the fate o f Savoy, we have the consolation of ar- police, and cease as soon as the author receives a hintto a translation in full o f the formula of excommu-nication. I say in full, there arethree so dirty words5n it that tbey tad to be left in their original Latin.It contains, past question, the most comprehensive,detailed curse ever put into language; i t curses, room~by Mr. Dallas. The accredited Envoy Extra- literally,upanddown,fromthecrownoftheheadal frontiers to the fullest extent. < ajj.ITALY.THEEMETJTEINROME. CoiTeipondenoe of The N. Y. Tribane.v. *-&, •yj-rivingatonehistoricalcertainty.ItIsthatFranceh*s deliberately acted in a way which, had we known it, would have prevented the ratification of the Commer- cialTreaty. ForthiswehavethetestimonyofEn-gJaxd. who continually challenged France in orderto clear her own position and wipe aw*y the suspicion of connivance; and the still more unequivocal testimony of'Fraroe,whoconstantlyrefusedtoadmitthedesignthatthesuperiorpowersdesirehimtorestrainhis patriotism, •The annexation of Savoy is an act which has been completedindefianceofassurancesofeverykind. Three 'months ago, the disinterestedness of France, and the attachment existing between the Sardinian King and all classes of his subjects, were matters whichnoonewasallowedtodoubt: ThatSavoyordinaryandMinisterPlenipotentiarywasreceived last Sunday by the Emperor in public audience. I say,ifheandtheAmericanEnvoyfromVirginia had run against each other on the staircase!ItalianKingdom,inconsiderationofthe indemni- fication of Austria b y t h e Turkish Principalities, andahandsomeconsiderationinmoney,butthis proposition wiK be simply rejected at the present time, to be brought forward at a future emergency.solved upon at the Vatican, will not be published, had been be*n changed for a certainty, there was no ing her intentions for months, would suddenly appear since French counsels have at last met with some doubt on either aide that w e must stand aloof from as the promoter of this disruption, would have oaen favor at Rome, a n d Pius IX-, reminded that t h e France, not t o b e , even b y adverse construction, a repelled as infamous calumnies by every Parisian jour- necessary result of an excommunication would be a partner in her policy. The whole nation—Govern- nalist. At the end of last year, it was an article of acbi*m in Italy/ now desires t o avoid such an ex- ment, Parliament, and Preee—in duty bound not to b e faith that France went to war " for an idea," and thatcareiesH of their nonor, jealous for treaties, and per- if she supported the rights of Austria and the baniahed tremestep.Hehasgivenin,andisreadytoac- haps,too,enviousofarival,urgedthequestioninone Princes,itwasonlyoutofrespectforgoodfaithand knowledge Victor Emanuel a naughty s o n o f tho form o r another. Franoe was equally concerned to the strict obeervance of treaties. What would haveto the ends o f the toes, hair and nails inclusive; in- ternally, also, it is terribly " eearching," as they say inNew-EnglandofSpringmedicines.Ifacanalcom- missioner, appointed for the purpose, shouldmake a digest of all the objugatory declarations emitted by alltheboatmenohtheErieCanal,andincorporateR0M3,March24,1860.of annexation.' 'We had suspicions, and it was known would be ceded by the Prince who derives his earliestexeonnmmicationofVictor Emanuel, alreadyre- thatwehadsuspicions. Themomentthosesuspicions titlefromitsterritory,andthat France,afterconceal- allthe overloaded "balky"horsesupallthesteepfarmers,whodreadhail-stormsandreturningfrosts GiuseppeGaribaldi,alsoasaintquiteasdeartothein April and May, when a warm March prematurely common people as the Hebrew Joseph. "We learned provokes vegetation. Commercial affairs remain as this the previous evening from o u r landlady, whothey have been for the past months. . A gentleman, delivered an impassioned harangue touching Italianhere for many years as resident partner o f one o f liberty, the grievances o f the people, the maladmin-Church, hereditary Vicar ofthe Roraagna fora handsome,tributeandthetransferofaportionof Ue Papaldebt. Tbeonly difficulty, namely,theevadetheecrotiny,andforevery pha^jeoftheques- tionhadaformofdenial. SheenteredItalyonlyin themtereatoftherace; shehad noprivate engage- ment with Sardinia; she disavowed all thought of ag-beentheoutcryifithadbeenassertedintheEnglish Parliament,orinanyEnglishnewspaper,thatthe Frenchruler,whenhefirstgavehiasupport to Italy, had bargained for Savoy; and that when he made hiscomptoirtold me that she had sold her last copy, after ithad beenreadalmosttotatters, forforty sous. OnemightnearlyaswellsearchforaVinegarBible asforthelastSunday'sSteeleatanyofthe numer-sistent dullness in business. HereisahimperfectlistofthechildrenofSongandofthechildrenofJubalwho perform to-night and to-morrow night in the concert rooms of Paris:theafternoonnearthePorta PiainhonorofGari-• baldi,whom,herhusbandvivacd inonebreath, whileheintimatedin another a desiretoseparate Cardinal Antonelli's head from his shoulders. • Wefear that the Sardinian principles should spread intoTJmbria and the MaTchee, will be obviated by mak- grandizement; she did not want Savoy; France would treaty with Austria h e had determined on the priceous newspaper stalls in the street.; The aviditywith which it has been read and bought up as a Wrobelewski, Samary, Zompi, Ingeborg-Starck, * solemnly eat our fried cakes in the morning,, and innot take it against its will, or without consulting Eu- which be would take for assenting to its boiug broken ?ing tbe King o f Naptea Vicar o f those provinces, icpe/t This .?en*9 ?f xe^uqifttions has hardly been ex- It is all the sane, however, to the writers whose pro- curiosity in this Catholic country, is n striking proofwhile Rome and th e immediate neighborhood will hausted when Fr«nce tei'ls Europe Vf'nJ she has taken ductions we shall read for the next few weeks. E x - of the quite dead and fossil state into which the be guarded by the Papal army, underthe command possesion of Savoy. France, then, tas done that aggerated, invectives against all who dispute the right once dangerous breed of Papal bulls is sunken.Krafzoff, Joseph Wieniawski, Zadrobilek, Bop! , , . . . • — — . • • ? , - .ANNEXATIO 1ST OF SAVOY: TheMdnilmrofMarch29publishesthetextof the treaty between France andSardiniarespectingthe afternoon went t o t h e Porta P i a , a n unfre- quented gate, in the vicinity o f which people would not throng except for a reason. W e round the streetonboth sides ofthegate-well filled with passingcarriagesandwalkers. Outsidethere was a large force o f the police stationed here and there, and many Italians sitting in th e sun. Somewhat tame'for a political demonstration to be sure, but then'how-else than by ^acting a 8 o n e man can the Romans signify their minds? . 'After dinner, between 6 and 6£ o'clock, wc were struck by seeing the Corso. tho great street of Rome, crowded with people in carriages and on. foot, so as to be almost as full as at the hight of theofGen.I*axaoricie.re. TheOrleaniatherohasal- readysetoutforJEtome,toinspectthePapalforces, and, in case he. should and them serviceable, to takewhichshedurstnotavow. Therewasatleastarisk thateh*wc^ildbeinterruptedinherdesign,aswell*a a certainty of her commercial negotiation coming to a sudden end i f the could not baffle oIT suspicion. TnisoftheFrenchEmpiretoextenditselfinanydirection whichitpleaeeswilltaketheplaceofpoliticalreason-' ing, and even of common morality.Suchofyourreadersas.arecuriousinthecasewill findthesame formula, orasgoodasthe same,in Tristram Shandy, which is a very proper place for it. The tale of Slawkenburgius is not more extrav- agant, nor, if one can get over Amoulf, Or Emulphus h is blasphemy, hardly more entertain- ing. I t is an old bygone blaspheiny. Iseenokarm nowinlaughingoverit. •*[./•the annexation o f Sai 03 and Nice to France. follows:It is asthe command-in- :hief. Strange a s this arrange- required n e t only dexterity, but courage. Measuredment may appear, it becomes still stranger when as words are measured between Englishmen, the Em- to tbe operations of tbe Empire itself ? The Patricox werememberthatNaplesisonthevergeofarevo- peror'sdenialswereconclusiveandeati-factory. Tney thePays may endeavor to show that Francecareslution, and that the mad career of the young Kingmayatariymomentbebroughtto nnendbyaMa-ratist insurrection. Austria feels all these dangers,and therefore is preparing for war; but Germany isquarreling all tbe while about the Hessian Constitu- Savoy, or refused t o ratify the treaty. But no time over all Europe. It was the object of the powers that tion; Prussia i s snubbed a t t h e Frankfort Diet, i-8u be named when we could have done this without exiet in France to show that Lord John's words wereand still everybody is convinced that the question of assuming what w e had no right to assume. If the wind, and that France did not care for them at all.the Rhine frontiers is only a question o f time, a n d that Germany, unless she unites, must be defeated byFranee.Emperor of the French chose t o go on affirming his innocence of any aggrandizing scheme, we "had no choicebuttotikebiswordforit.Thiers's seventeenth volume* of. the Consulate andEmpire. Its publication, announced f o r t h e pre-ceding Tuesday, h a d been retarded b y a familyquarrel. Here is " the humor o f it." I n volume cecided t o conclude a treaty to that effect, and have carnival. O f course this w a s the grands demon' VII. o f this history, printed many years ago, o n named as their Plenipotentiaries, viz:in fact, the English funds declined somewhere about does not admit of repetition; else t h s whole world one-baif per cent. But, wonderful to relate, the exajt would lie at the mercy of the most unscrupulous opposite took place in Paris. So cheerful did the pros- • GREAT BRITAIN. tonfrue. If it has been our duty to take tbe Emperor's pect of English estrangement make the Paris specula- words in their Bimple and natural seme, it is now our tors that'the Three per Cents actually' went up fromWeBtphaltan King, ex-King, how Prince again and moribund French Marshal Jerome. Mr. Jerome Napoleon Bonaparte, or, as his princely half brother persists in invariably styling him, "Mr. Jerome Bonaparte (Paterson)"—he never dojee forget that parenthetical "(Paterson)"—demanded, by logalAnd his Majesty the King of Sardinia, his ExcellencyCount Camille Beneo de Cavour, dec, and his Excel- the Piazza d e l Popolo, a t t h e upper end o f tiie lency the Chevalier Charles Louis Farini, <fcc ; Corso, two o f us turned back. We had walkedBut ii is quite obvious that this is a process whichBut what are the little efforts o f Imperial journalists>*.**»*«>?***••»"; ,' :Poripl$n'a\ argumentasemblanceofrealityuponmockreasonings amoup'tofitiseseentaanynafollows;J.^B.(Pater-independent members', impelled nd'doubtby the high- life and death I nave vainly turned t h e pages o f aand fourth articles, quoted in full in this* note/thatChafeJais and Faucigny; thus ajarming Switzerland trupt all over Europe. [Loud cheers.] The right hon-orablegentleman,thememberforStroud,saidwe shelaidasideallideaofconquest,andcontentadher- regulation-defyingcitizenand.midshipman. respected. ItmayalsoauthorizethePresidenttotaliseandallEurope—since,bythepossessionofthese nvghtbequitesurethatnoonewishedto.gotowar selfwithtaking,inaccordwiththeKingofSardinia canyandModenaasforthe.neutralizedChablais Gen.LamoricierehasgonetoBorne,itissaid,to allnecessarymeasurestothateffect.two vafleys, he gets tbe strategical command of Lake about Savoy. I f there had been an entire liberty; to and the immense majority, of the inhabitants of Savoy and Faucigny. The English made little of' it four take command o f the Papal army. The last of the 44 The Assembly will be again convoked In the event:Leman,andthroughitofallthewesternpartsoftho herMajesty'sGovernmenttonegotiateonthissub- andNice,aBimpleprecautionforthesecurityofher weeksago. Inthematterofstrictmorality,itis twoonditsishardlycredible. Governmentpapers ofitsbecomingnecessarytocellouttbetroops,or Bepubbeto theLake ofConstance, which opens upon ject, although we certainly should not have threatened frontiers. For this she has been assailed with insult greatly to be feared that there is not a sou to choose note upon it, that such a- procedure^wouM deprive should other grave circumstances require it."Southern Germany. At this Prussia wns peculiarly to declare war, CThave pledged the conntry to do so, and outrage. Had she felt less certain o f her right, between Count Cavour, Lord John, a n d Louis.irritated. She saw in tbe annexation of Savoy the etill it is a different thing to say that, whatever riiight less convinced of the justice of heir cause, France Napoleon. A s between them and our American him ofFrench citizenship; theydo not go on to noteThe Moniteur announces that the Senate had reject- ed, by passing to the order of the day by a vote of 115 against 16, several petitions requestingthe intervention of the Senate in favor of the temporal power of thefirst symptom of a claim upon the Bhine Provinces. Tbe Whigs in England, influenced by the strong feelingsof the Queen for her daughter's welfare,be »>eresult, »t would not lead to warfare. M y own would have been more ready to take offense. W erulers a n d statesmen—let u s loudly rejoice that there are dollars and dollars of difference.that Lamoricier's citizenship was practically nulli- fied for several years by Louis Napoleon.Louis Blanc commences next week to lectureJohn Russell make* use o f strong words in Parlia-m e n t , a n d L o r d P a l m e r s t o n p e n n f o r h i m KO s t r o n g d o w t e h (H> t o J i v e — w e o u g h t n o t t o k e e p o u r s e l v e sa sneering tone is adopted. It was said that the buoy- ancy which prevailed on the Bourse was caused by the e f f o r t s o f c e r t a i n p a r t i e s w h o w e r e a n x i o u s t o s h o wattbe nick oftime, however,wehear that the Emperor is n o t &*raclined t o submit this questiontoaCongressofthePowerswhich signed the treaties of 1815, and since t h e generaljalamhasseriouslydisturbedalltheContinental Princes, > ? »e*rcely doubt that the representativesmostmoderateterms,alwaysinthemostfriendly change. AlthoughTabletothecriticismsofafree as—inviewoftheuncommonlongstretchfromnow capitalists.<terms, but still firmly, that the settlement o f Europe, preee—although its measures must bear the examina- to eternity—Napoleon h a s more than once re- resident there, who. have taken free-tongued habits There had been great animation on the Paris Boursethat the peace of Europe, is a matter dear to this tion of the shrewdeet men of business-—the Govern-^ marked of late years, that it cannot;be kept there that they must reform hew. Where can they go and a considerable advance in prices..At one time'on -seemtoha\ the presence" existence posi ions..•Wheffl Mr.Hallaudi •Olentworth v l impoesible to 1 distinctly b e tMr.^lentwoi wasstanding, pbsifethe"Vi thoroughfare principal h o d'armo in thhe house, ev« . American eagto me a vital examination pondence.whi Our Minister Washington, mail which c* of Monday, Americans inj beenfurnish* Minister, a smatter.Antonellian] upon him on yet no offic a areportthat therefore he c thatifthef mentWaspr- performed wi pointed out; the official or nature of an wounded. . A ment cry wit 8tory;gotupf d'anneeput.which had lu< Theliberak, deliberate rrra executed by might fqjrnj ar Some color .is fact that the s as one man.a oncefrom any reach. Itma flat oftheir sw I hear to-nigh Piazza^del Pploped up the I the Corso and letterstrom^A It is certain tl-irifrhad-beoi liberals, and were banislf dvestrelli.Mas them is. a m •othersarem*r allamongtheforemoet princ Paris and som ty to earn VictorEmani swords, each paid for by th.aubscription H war. Ialso last night, i"amongtheyu As;iftoad<etablee was bended t o - n thronged, on carabiniori w unmolested, one in the warded off bU Stand that tlie aelves, and th asiftheywerAtthemk tothepartw and officersHonattheco entrusted Uie Piazza,'to instead of a bothbeing piece-ofJ»C misjudgnie: t, lu&ineaa. G to issue a n 44tbeRoma 44theiraiUei^••',./•;'opinion is, as I declared in July and January last, and which I have no objection to declare now again, that such an act as tho annexation of Savoy is one whichhope, however, that the statesmen of England will not abuse this position, nor play too longjvith our magna- mmity, forit is'adangerous game."I think no one is alarmed here at the loud talk inLondon. Thepossibility ofaCongress is again publiclyinEnglishtotheEnglish. BetterEnglish, Pope. ;,T; :••*. ;•••]suddenlysaidtbeyhadatlastfoundoutthenlippery willleadanationaswarlikeas theFrenchtocalloncharacter, and tbe bad faith of Napoleon, who, tbey i*s Government for similar acts for aggrandizement of On the receipt of these and other expressions of rumored; I t would meet to see the full "exposi-let alone th e ideas it clothes, hi* audiences will The Frenchjournals generally treat Lord John Rus- rarely have heard, i f he speak the language as well sell's remarks in Parliament as to the policy of the Eoa ; as he wrote it when he answered LordNormanby's peror with comparative indifference, and in some easesthe country. [Cheers.] Therefore,, I d o feel- tha% French feeling, there were rejoinders from the Englishtion" of the Savoy and Nice business and get so far as to discuss and sanction some arrangenaont fo r protecting the neutrality o f Switzerland. -T h e F r e n c h g a r r i s o n i s , a s u s u a l , a l w a y s a b o u t in France, delays i t s communication t o J L cbeere.] But, where after questions may arije, w a keeps the tenor of its way without fearing the com- to go away from Rome; I will try to let you know«ay, threatens Belgium as well as the Rhine. Lord however we may wieh to live on the most friendlypress: Two extracts are made:terms with the French Government—and certainly I; -F o r s o p o w e r f u l a s y s t e m , t h e F r e n c h E m p i r e ' ssilly-book on the Revolution o f 1848.T h e r e * ' i s a l r e a d y t a l k o f b u i l d i n g a n I m p e r i a lFrom The London Timt*,Zl*t ult.a d'mp&tcb, tbnb Lord Cowley, the Embassador apart from the other nations of Earope. [Loud Btrangely irritable. A Constitutional Governmenthouse at Nice, which is likely to become a fashion- that Lord John Russell's determination to seek for able and courtly seaside resort for Freneh uses. other alliances had not produced any effect o n FrenchfiotaiOur Cfwin'' Correepondent.• s . : • : ; ^ vand made as thoughlit had neyer been by the HeadThey will be at libertyto keep theirlanded pifop^j^^^ situate on the territory annexed.to France. . i ,\,.y'T^£'::estnaotivfP,representEnglishfeelingwithduedignity volumeoflegends,andconsulfeo!thegoodMadame Mr. Paterson/and hisdaughter anticipatedtheor discretion when they lift up their yoioes, and—rcall arising o f obstacles? to the iuturei validity of the'namesI" ' f ••'•''^[ '*V*;'TM ,' .;.',•;', Basque,generaDywellinfoTDieu on(natchthetnes. marriage,,and madedefinite provisions astoher;: :']• .:'• >•' v; /.•TBK Eri'iCT.'IX FRANC'K.- - '•'•^ '' ^ ' ^ ^ 'Eversmce last night, wken my; «J«f accidentally rpecuniaryfrights in case it sh()uld be annulled.InfaithofwhichtherespectivePlenfootftcu,, hi havesigned.it,andaffixedtheirsealstiierennto.Wv'*** '•>areacenstOn the receipt in Paris of the proceedings in the House of Commons, the -French funds made a suddenfalling on the postman'* calendar,' wis filled withFurthermore, Napoleon allowed to Miss Paterson a pension o f W,p0p francs, which was paid up t o the time'of the restoration o f the Bourbons, on theuDone in duphcate at Turin the 24th day of themontk v of March of the year of grace 1860. ' . , a 2 S S T S a TAl/LBYiaTSP, CATOTJE, v '' ' 'talk, w a s festireldayflhe8treet, both P I S Z M s q u a d s o f 3Ewere even nerv'ouslyi jmuxSl body < accordingti nrra. 3lak where are I paniorw. H the carabine.!« and t o b e dered toCaptain C o •ders from incommari1, Not stoppif gthey charge*the Piazza -cityend. H •wounded it u200, tbe fraa aggeratioo. ian genfleuia:•a statement •British Parii •have alireaoy Someofch^sion, I will n •Charlotte Cu •oh the Corno44ingand left T l get out of tl the Liberal*• ernment, r e 'Two, ladies,beaten aboutactually cut 'the door of twalking alon poor Germai copy a pictu tbe carabk«the ground, three days, the head by a[ pistol or the taken to a h< pointofdeat othersbadIKIt IB certainbutofdaose . Bariatain>ki, H..'Copens d<ofMoustici,. States, a n d ' and two. Pre; are among tb nearesthome canConsui,front o f his < officer in full Up. One ofw o r t h ' s h e a d ; back with onthe name, the imagedf that lively old Cirifitian hasrise. It is understood that the Imperial Government been dancing through the chambers o f my brain, express condition that she sbbuld not bear his name,- i ••. BBNETXETTT, • ' VAmXlS:>i The King of Sardhfia had issued a prpch«nation'^'-ffI?5»r r vnationswasreceived. ' ._'•"^ '•''',.'-j '•'..... '.•„,.'>*.,''m.'.ay be.ttelivelier "forit. .disaoprobation on the language of Lord John Russsll. T i e Courrier 3c Paris states that the noble lord gives . \ ' it the idea of a person, who, while protestinghis'.'..'.J: •'•/.'•'•'••••. Therhetoricalwhose destiny is to march at the head of The Paris Patrte states that theFrenchcivftzaJion. 'pEBISB^im/•* Almost all the Paiis journah3'<^mment!;'?n'^rni8 of ^SSi^0^iu been livelyenongh.tbe -question o f the neutralized portions of Northern i~ monuip. , ., -., Gazette de Trance, in blaming the conduct of the En-' a general war, of which from that cause there is not without qualifying it with the. jparenthetical military or civil, by France, of the provinces of Chab-1 notified last Thursday the appearance .of- tween France and Sardinia, made him desire the an-And; indeed, the effect on the money-market seemedwonderfully to confirm this fact. Lord John's speechmightbenaturallyexpectedtosendthefundsdown; thefirstmarriage ofLieutenantJerome, Prince, TalleyrandPcrigord,&c,andM.Benedetti,&c;In tbe House of Commons, on the 28th ult., after duty to e«thzate them by the light of the past, aui to C8f. 30c. to 70f. 35c. W e in this country of insolentconsiderable debate, the bffl abolishing Church Rates takeinto account our suspicions, and the reasons the and unbribled freedom cannot understand suchare-waspassedthroughCommitteeamidloudcheers.The Emperormayhavefornotbeingplain-spoken.Shouldenlt.Itisreservedfornationswithamorecautioasright,ofThiers'spublishersthattheyshouldaffixarrendissementofKice(circondaiodiNizza)towasheardinthedistance.Myfirst;impressionIncomeTaxbillwas*l*opassed through Committee. hehenceforthdeclareeversoconfidentlyand everso andpaternal Government,to connectwarlikerumors tothe presentvolumehiscorrective notion of his France,andrenouncesforhimselfandallhisdescend-In the House of Lords, on the 29th ult., tbe Eari of absolutely that he had no intention whatever of ac- with incre»eed confidence. Dare we whisper that the EUenborongbexpressedhkconvictionthattherecently quiringsuchandsuchaprovincethatcouldeasilybe favorableresultontheBoursewasinsomemeasure announcedfinancesystem/orIndia,woulJ,insteadof named,wearejustifiedinsupposingsoma reserve. causedbytheapplicationoffundsnotexactlythafather's first marriage. Not from slavish imitation ants and successors, hia rights and claims to the said was that, somebody had been run over, and.that ofthePrince,andstilllessfromanydisrespectto Territories. ItisagreedbetweentheirMajestiesthat somebodyelseandthedriverwere,ashappensin thisreunionshallbeeffectedwithoutanyconstraint Rome, atstilettopoints. Another second,andtJie gentleman • whom the publishers speak o f a s upon tbe wishes of the populations, and. that the Gov- there were not three men between us and the cen-eimxeiits of the Emperor of the French aud of the ter of the noise, the cry4t"*« casa," "toyouf •' King of Sardinia shall concert together as soon as pos- houses," sprung up from I know not what quarter,property o f pr.vate speculators, and that Imperii'conciliating tho natives, have a directly contrary ten- This It not a cordial understanding, and that, indeed, France interested iteelf to prove that it was not af "a French citizen residing at Baltimore," but fordency, p is no more. It is true that we have had warnings. The frighted by the remarks of the British Secretary ? The In too HouseofCommona, onthesameevening, successivestepsbywhich Louis Napoleon ascended result ofthis,interference was, ofcourse, decisivetbequestionofthoreorganizationofthenativearmy histhroneformasingularcommentonhissuccessive FortwodaysFrenchsecuritiesbadedefiancetoalltheia India was debated, and Ministers declined, for the declarations. When a word was wanted it was alway- Hatred of a perfidious rival, and even th e lifeless fivepresent, t o produce any papers upon the subject, as forthconing, and when action was wanted the word franc pieces obeyed the genius of Government maniputbey would only give an incomplete view o f the mat- was forgotten. This, however, was an affair between lators. But, unhappily, a reaction has come. After ater. Mr.Lindsaymovedthatanaddressbepresented theEmperorandhispeople.,Notsotheannexitioa shortperiodofinflatedcredit,theThreeperCent BaltimorebytheBishopthere. Therewasnoth- to her Majesty praying that she. will enter into negoti- of Savoy and the denial of that scheme. It was be- have sunk to their former level, and, perhaps, may bsationswiththeEnp«roroftbeFrench,withtheview «fmakingatreatyforthereciprocalabrogationofall <H*<rmimatingdwti©*foriedupontbeveoselsandtheir cargoes df either of tho two nations in tbe ports of the other, andfcrprocuring such alterations in the naviga*. tfam laws of France as may tend to facilitate the com aaordal IntoroouTse and utrengthen the friendly rela- tions between France and Eoeland.Mr. MUner Gibson, o n behalf o f Government, a*- «ented to too motion, and declared tha>. «tfcnuou« ef- forts would be made to obtain from France the abo- rtion of tbe present restrictions on British shipping.The motion was agreed to.IntbeBouseofLords,ontbe30thalt;,tbeirta'cof ai&arswithChin*wasdebated,an.d»ia«censurewa* castuponGovernmentforcoloringuponanewwar wrtboutthooonseotolParliament. Lord Elginsaid be had sangnine hopes that tbe Chic esc would make•a/is^e^eo^es^ns,»nd ^hvavert war.In the Hoosw of Commons, Lord John Howell statedGu*theSanJm$M&* Y7^iM^*f!!!!?0n' *°d „ '-^^a.asfiflkme'Tti Until a settlement was ar-JSwdsT^'««dwouldbeoccupiedby100Britishjaarmes andanequalnumberofAmericantroops. Robert Peel made a a * * * * * * TM ^ ^tweentheEmperorandtheworld; Enriind,asbeing aneighbor,intheforemostplace. TheEmperorhas imprmtedontheBritishmind,inindeliblecharacters, the grammar of his mysterious policy. Whatever h e leaves in tbe dark o r keeps in the background, what- ever be does not specify or distinctly express, we maying in American law, canon law , or the French law, to stand in thewayofits entire validity. MadameLetitiaBonaparte,Jerome'smother,did notobservetheforms andprocessesnecessaryfor its' annulment, as required by the terms of the CodeART. II. It is also understood that his Majesty theKing of Sardkia cannot .transfer tbe neutralized por-tion's of Savoy ex»ept upon the conditions upon which nieri, or Roman gensd'artnes, some onl horseback he.himselfpcsfessesthem-,andthatitwillappertainto and some on foot, gaUopping andrunning, his-Majesty the Empercr of the French to come to an forming a line which stretched across *it attestedflie^BSHSfcrahty^yf1Switzerland. He de- -fctf*h*>EjspoTorNapo-Bonaparte closes his note b? observing that tbe .factof thei Baltimore'marriage, standing^ right in the' acqnirexi by petv*c«srepd«red,to the Sardinian Oov-w h i c h ^ ^ g g B g ^ ^ T *»^H..W..I.MI im**— ' " • " TMbesurewillbeagalnetus. FromTheLondon.DailyNev:From Tht London Star.ter of congratulation on the occasion of hiB marriagein 1829, she signs herself; " Your very affectionate into account the configuration o f the monntains, a n d without a word, struck m y companion o n t h eThe Paris papers which reached London yesterday prepare their readers for a fierce warfare between-the our intercourse with that nation, and w e have e n p - journals of the French and English press. We are unrWe have just concluded with France a treaty o f commerce, designed and adapted t o greatly increasethe necessity of defense. .ART. IV . One Or more mixed commissions will b echarged to examine, and to resolve, within a brief de-lay, the divers incidental questions to whioh the anuex-atknwillciverise—suchasthedecisionofthecon-tributionofSavoyandofthe'arrondissementofNice inflictingagashuponthebrow,betweenthelefteye tothepublicdtbtofSardinia,andtheexccationofthe andthetemple.Luckilv,thewound,althoughsonear obligationsresultingfromcontrasts enteredinto whh avitalpart,isaslightone,and willscarcelyleaveplsmeated it by arrangements which invite a ll otlier countries of Earope to form, with these two, one great commercialfunDy. ThatatsochajunctureourAmericans, "nonimvortu" 44ho matter," brought the>destinedtoastillfurtherdeoine. ,Itis,afterall,plain thatnocleyernesBandnopoliticaljugglingcanmuch chargethecourseofmonetaryaftaiis, andthatthe affectation of indifference to European criticism is an artifice too easy of detection for a wise Government to attempt.Civil. N a y , she called the note-writer,. the issueof this marriage, her cherjils; writing to him a let-understandingonthatsubjectaswellwiththePowers representedattheCongressofViennaaswiththe HelveticConfederation,andtogivethemtheguaran- ties (which ref-ult from the stipulations alluded to in the present article. 'ART. III. A mixed commission will determine, in a spiritof equity, the frontiers of the two States, tikidgtreet,not muchwider than Nassau street, eyey onecuttingtorightandPleft,everyonewife* drawnsabre,flashedineight. MycP>npnjg»oJ^ W . W . Hail o f Providence, a young . H r ^ n a n clergyman, had put one foot On the B)dew-*i' TM g £ view o f seekiui some better slater , when t h e swordsmen c S abreast o f u-. The W$&m'ForeignSecretaryshouldvirtuallydenouncethewhole nishesnoquestionstodiscuss. AttemptstosupplyFrenchnationasaggressorsanddisturbersMeither thisdefect,suchasthoseofM.Thouvenelinhis two mentofthemarrh>?ewasdoneCyaretroactiveIm- peculiarlyunfortunateorincalculably culpable.Oar dispatcheslatelypublished,-onlypressthepainfulfact perialdecreeinMarch,1805;his previousapplica-belief is that he has been initated by the galling war- on ihe mind with more distinctness. The course which faction, into the use ef words which he must b y this and intelligible, that it can be judged on the common->r1partialrecoveryofthenaturalboundaries,isgrati- tionbysettingupaclaimtoashare,insomeher-are called"upon by the Confederation to see that this neutrality is not violated, shall have decided upon theThouveueluntilheget*newinstructions.Justmustbereadytoactwithothers,andtodeclareinthementsofpublicopinionortheoperationsoftheEx-whenitstarts.Theonlycertaintruthaboutitis,TherearevoluntaryandinvoluntaryFrenchexiles theother,countryjandthatthesettlementofthatpeacecauaoi ment.ofacsuotrylikeoursneverinterfereswiththeforever. Ishouldsaythatitwasratherdoubtful next? Qtuere: WhethertheItalianclimateof the30thRentestouched7070,butastrongreaction Nice, when i t becomes French, will be so beneficial set in. and they rapidly dechned, the last price being -whether,aNeapolitanonegetstherethisseason. Tbe Pope and King Francis have had talks on t h e subject, but neither o f ihem peach. Whether the Papal excommunication, with its lea len ball a n d heir.penstring,hasyet-beensenttoVictorEmanuelj is not certainly known. Louis Napoleon is supposed tohaveurgently advised against suchfolly. Thebe assured if it is liable to perpetual interruptions, t iconstantfears,anddoubts,andrumors[cheers]? withreepecf to the annexation of this country, o r with re-spect to the union or junction o f this o r otbw conn-money market, or attempts to control the expression of priva*eopinion..Itwouldseem,however,thatthe Government establwhed across the Channelis inclined to-return to the prac^ces which two years since e x -68iO»>. .'•-.,.- \ ••:'.*'. Some o f the French journals had recommenced theirpage 28 o f the same, M. Thiers gave his notion o f His Majesty the Emperor of the Frensb, Baron destrazione o f our landlady, a n d th e police at th e Porta Pia. were on the wrong scent; so I proposed totwofriendsawalk. Twoorthreeblocksbelowconvenience sake, a n d t o avoid confusion, I will call himsometimes Mr.Paterson. He states withbecomingbrevityinhisnotethefacts of his father's marriage, according to the rites o f the Catholic Church, performed in the Cathedral ofsibleonthebeBtmeansofappreciatingandtakingnote of(con${a1.e.rJthemanifestationsofinoeewishes.'.doorswithin sight were shut, andweinterreda evolution.Wehadjusttimetoensconceour- Eelves in a doorway when about a dozen cardot-mother." The Baltimore marriage was contracted when Napoleon Bonaparte was First Consul o f the RepubJic. without sovereign disposition o f t h e heartsandhandsofthemembers;ofhisfamily,such askingsandemperorsclaimrightto.Hisannul-shoulder with the flat of his sabrea violent blow,the Sardinian Government, which, however, engages an honorable scar. ^Another gend'arixe anneajAPStfE facofamischievouscoterie,toosmallto becalleda theFrenchGovernmenthaschosentotakeissosimple tiontothePope fora bullofannulment,wasre- totemwWeitselftbewortscommenced forcuttinga blowat me,but I repeated;&atwewereAnaer^; =tia»crememberwithregretandalmostalarm. It Js a est principles ofmorality. It has made aprofound momentous misfortune that the relations o f empires impression o n t h e mind of England, a s our neigh- shouldbeatthemercyofanywhosebreathism his borsknowbythistime. Theymaynotknowthatfused—the Pope answering that h e could find n o tUMtl through tbe Alps (Mont Cento). justification-for such a bull in the natureofthe AUT.VwTheFrenchGovernment will takeintoac-case; that its,issue would be " an abominable abuse count, pe regarde functionaries o f the civil and mili-icans, andhe rushed off w i t h : l w « W f ^ ; were hurrying on. It iipossibletha4^;^r. Hallaslouchedhitlightened the!**^*J?5238 upon him, for it had been given out that the woe»»»;®«Lnottril*. ItisastandingcalamitythatatonetimeanImperial address at a diplomatic reception-—on anotherday, an intemperate «pe*ch or dbipatch from a consti-to tbeprinciples of theChurch." BaltimoretutionalMimstex—should havepowertotroubleallthe markets and home* of Europe. Bat in this latter a/pledge "of European peace. However, those illusionsi*n>mentLOiey ffiMMKX; enjoythebehefltsof way of the cdursejof policythat Em^ror Napoleon life appointments in tbe majaistrat-ure, and of the guor-casethereis,atanyrate,morethanonemanto areofthepast;Weare'notdisposedtodwellonthemi .:•>.• y ...k „>.hadlaidoutjforbis,lateCitizenbrother^,folli>w.;an<ie»as*c^d:t&the';-«ra^«u •*W> tm?.-*®®*•rff** ^>*-|»<*»«^*. <**"^—^*»«^•^m- ^--•« -- .„ ......^-•Aa^ji^,..*-,,'.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comw - v , - ~ '> i^.;..v-w*^*4^.wj*TM^.*t~*TM»^^\*..". aaaa - ••- IIIMURIUM IIllll—IIIIIm^mthose most painfully affected are they who believed in Frenchprofessionsofmagnanimityanddisinterested- ness, and who have most consistently supported t h e FrenchaffianceasameansofEuropeanprogress,and"ofhissacredroffice,contrarytohisconscienceand44taryort*r,belongingbytheirbirthtotbeProvinceof Savoy, or to t» e arrondu* mtnl of Nice, and who will become Frtnch subjects,'the <rights whieti they havemoreoftheicar«Ji»»e>jebjirge.,, .;;•,,^^&snadlll blame.TheagentofthemischiefUnotaltogetheritsorto;eowpeie,^^^^^^:^nakedw»al^^fabedoe*nettouch:thevalidityofthemairriiige. '^Aaa^AiRTiVLSurdh.ianPRbjeetsoriglnaUyofQaxcj^m*Thenextday,andthenext,andthewUntitled Document[MadpapsionthatfirstNapoleonhadforannihilat- allegiance. TheKing,atthecloseofhiamanieeito,#toinvalids? AndwhetherlittleSavoyards,whentbey become French boys, will b e more cleanly,and lees poetical and picturesque than they havehitherto-historicallybeen? OneoftheBonaparte saysthatpreparationswerebeingmadefortheearn-• familyrefusestobeannexedtothe dominions pajgningoutfitofanarmyof250,000men,andthatall of t h e Head o f t h e House: Aunty Bonaparte officers and men on furlough had been ordered t o joinI see'by an English paper that Mr. John Bigelow was presented t o t h e Queen at the last drawing-Last Monday was the fete day of San Oioseppe, he husband of the Virgin Mary, the Patron Saint of the family, in whose honor all theworld of Rome friesoreatsdoughnutsanddressesinitsbest with i t whatever all the teamsters trying t o drive cold and backward. So much the better, s a y t h e clothes and gees out o f doors. T h e fete day ofhills of the world, could contribute of rich and rare to the compend o f profane eloquence, it would b e but a gentle report in comparison with this roaring, long-rolling fulmination. I stepped in to a reading- room this morning to extract a passage or two foryour great New-York houses, told me yesterday that istration o f the Pope and o f priests, and informed theamusementofyourreaders.Thedameda hehadnotknowninthelast-nineyearssuchaper- usthattherewastobeagrandedemonstraxioneianexation (reunion) of Savoylandof^the arrondissement of Nice (circondario di Nizza) to France, and his Majesty the King o f Sardinia havirg shown himself cispbeed to accede thereunto, their said Majesties haveWho, havief exchanged their full powers in due some six or eight minutes when w e observed theform, have agreed upon the following articles: crowd in front o f us visibly thinning, and severalARTicms L His Majesty the King of Sardinia con- carriages turning up side streets. Presently, a few sents to the annexation (reunion) of Savoy and of t*ie ; men appeared, running toward us, and a loud noise" The Assembly should request the Council to con- tinue to protest energetically the rights and interests of Switzerland in regard to the neutralized provincesbladedownuponhisheadwithhisutmostforce,Were to wear slouched hats, testofoil;way home,without<--v"an*K#gef ": • • '••-••'•••' 