 • t•t*e per-KM that• oe ex- H»itio« Bts.&sltB 'I:Gibing K umpit • ;-'-nera| He, >ppor-K*ylr*n&Is.1that'R..;- v»s a sE«r <their;leir little•foronce.Id Cause.1^; doneAlf •">, ,iI'• * ' . 'day,onthestrengthofatelegraphicdispatchfrom TUlJ^sbanc—North Ward—Curtin28majority. Philadelphia to the Editor of The Constitution, Son-h Ward—Foster 10 majority.er'sajins.ardnearbyth*mstoodafaithfolsentinel—a shouldrecoiveavis't. Itwastrulyinconvenift>f,but'io£thatticket. •-;•of pe.r.s< ns, howled piteouely, aud revived his waning acv'on of the Douglas State'Convenlioo we are now is not as a Pusion ticket—for it is'not one. It h not aan Nortb- »•tobear f> gallant h certainrp ;>bablybttOe of avJ zeal u«sWide* •«vorkcf oi doubt.fce. about e>yare aS >- uod to .taiia*vr_luas for ulo^ave a jority. a in Pike. r better * thaninto '---iji^was aatIs Adver- MV-nday/f< r t h e out in,.5V"_0'Cll£iJy|t-V(i. I t . respect ivothmgg.;• fallafiLt.,)ts, t h eres* frAm •;e J adhe- rer jRce-fli©jteac<; i )iua, with ;t of'the- ::ter th&a^<?at Wax ..147,8063.-- rf^,tairkturicge, atoned to But it -taVPe<>«Lsaociated ; vote on" Itfs p&rty f eocrsdj eitie? and • Sr, York,svevar, i nfcYLVAKL* >but their K , but we Fruckandwr; power tosstrated shadow ofortwoof o take a. Srst-Yice* id trundle :r them o f4Xi&yj7ani&rsofCon* ienow to ear*age. jV.ty oa ar-e ready true Be-* - /:., inthe id.^e W'-'i will b e &e race. give t h eat up 'V*a ayeoae;.•:. ."er.iik>a andBat-n&ufcfou...JCot-> U.ljority. WayneCounty—Hr-nesdile,.78majorityforCortin.• Luzerne. County—Ply mouth Township, Curtin 73bonnding toward the lo<kcrs on. It was an affecting not to the botton, but to a tolerable depth, disported' that, were placed upon the ticket at Syracuse. doei not bring about a union of tbe Nationo* Democra--anewPElraSYLYAKIA ELECTION. ••i>3Kri3A.Tr or.nrsioiv.,8p«clidDbpatcVto t%eN. Y. tribare. ; >., READTNG,Tuesday,Oct9,I860.^WSlTrOfsTBE PRINCE OFWMm$ FRUITSOF Fusion—GES.PRESCOTtJiiiL, ti»© v IViariott*r best—» ltt*tdent. p:.r»ot.be k*alitlon^ p'toshine fveystone> [, 5* [ not loolr k Thi**The Brocliioridge xaep, htjre are now confidentlyclaiming Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Miss'ssippi,Alabama, {^oathCaTolioa, Florida, and Delaware.OfotherSlaveStatestbeyfeelless&nre,butthink Dnncam'ontorcugh,PerryCounty,,givesCbrtin *reieittntforthaase^tancsofaropohadbyeome, v;:oo:;oateonr1-ndclaimshernandnow?'••;.wavering support of our dittiocuve Electoral ticket to the very ena, Toaay, feHow-Democrats, we have to announce to you new tidings. By their regignanouev tendered to this Committee, from patriotic motives, aud for reaeona hereafter stated, a n d accepted b y u s . our candidates for Presidential Kle'fttors- have retired' frcm the field in a body. We are left to advocate the Vuppoitof the only Anti-Republican Electoral ticket nowbeforethepeon-eofNew-York,headedbyHe- man J. Redfbld as Elector at targe.AH the Eu.horized representatives of theBreckinridgo endLoneDemocracyofNew-York,and:afterfullcon- snlt&tionwith,andadvicefrom, the National Execu-sthat the 3">onglas vie^ wer<« voting for Col. Cm-tin. It created much sensation in the political hive, whichisallastirconcerningtheresultinPennsyl- vania,asifupoasuchresultLudgallthe law'and prophecies.Scranton—North Ward—Curtin 102 majority.Columbia Co.—Bloom township,. Ccrtin, 4'J ma- the bands and faces' of the dead children, and then i?ng pripciplcs under foot for the s^tkeof-ppoil-j. It-,Uerbn, Wis., S. Al. Booth, who escarped from tae Cas- onco entered the hUts to ascaitalu what '•' stand divined from tbe unusual solitnde. mournfully shooktom-House in Augosylaat. where he was confined for he could; make against hrsf.-rate players. He violation of the Fugitive Siavo law. H o was brought his head at the answer, and solehrnly stalked away. met thsm all—with one celo^ratad exception---came to this <*ity this morning, where he remains hi custody The blow was eo stunning that none of them ventured olf-victcribua here and elsejwh'sjre'; and now that his of the Marshal. 'ia->}«LTBE .LATEST NEWS,p* •RECEIVED BY MAGNETIC TEI KGRAPILjpromWa»tsliifirtost>.Sp*-.bl Dto»*tch to TIw N- Y. Trfbot*.WASHINGTON, Tuesday, Oct. :>, W60.• • T-m**,»\THE PANAMA INSURttKCTION.'Ihc^terorofthe dippatches fromCom Porter, To&*AatcciattdPrrs*.MOHAWK. October 6,1860.•.'. ;beert'cr.r"<•(Tfrcn*svl•rail'rbttf!a'ndtoei^--fbioco'tnuiualr> orS&VahhtiliSjorMontgom^iys.'orChariestons^any mecamedulytohtsnd. I,wasmuchpleassdtohear clanged. Ourlastaddressinformedyouofthefaitaraconcerning the iflsmreciion of negroes at [Panama,is that they are some 500 in number, well armed, andthattheyseembentuponplunder,only.B^th /Oaklsnd,furt-nr>ln:.ajority. the anthorities and'American'citiz^Wtoere desiredoi'tstera. "•• . .- • ? ,•'••' "'"'•:• '••' there eame a wail. The voice of Virgtraa was heard uj,on'political-tubjeefs; I have no hesitation insaymg orable cooperation of the opponent* cf Republicaoie« From information received of Superiaterdeht-Wvl:: in lamentauon. Je this a secuonal vifcit'',- V»'as the thatity views are as follows: iu tbil State—a failure distinctly chargeable to tbe bad?the interpo&ition of the Bnt^h a^d XTnite.1 Statesnavalfo?ces. These,together,nnaabersome400.Itisalpostatedthatgreatterrorexi«tsatAspin-wallv and that indeed b u t li;tie security is. felt intheabsenceofarmedAm«ric?n orBri-sahvessels. ... M R . URTX-RINRIDCE IX T H E SOUTH.. . deep over the track between :he point* Bayou la publicsrt hordesof the Korth, and the Pa«t, and the thai I sincerely des'red the .election of Bell and mond is Chairman. It was.apparent that that:majority. • GeorgeSandersishereattheNational. Hepre- Pittstontownship.Foster20majority.•. ,in favor of Bell and Everett, aud eighteen in favor of ganization,or the slightest departure from too platform . .A.family m-.med Martin w-ho lived also below the Thus Richmond caught its Prince.' And what of Douglas and JobDson. I was strongly in favor of the laid down at the Maryland Institute Convention. W edicts Democratic success in Pennsyluania, Ohio,aandIndiana. TheAdministration menthiseve-ning are betting on Mr. Foster, but I hear that theWest Pitttton, 01majoii-y for Cu'tin. Pift*tcj»bbrougn,Gurtin4Gmajority. parbondale—First Ward 85 maj?rity for Cnrtin:reported inisrir/g.; and various.staftsments prevail that tions. of the gentle-blooded Virgiciana// B id th?ee and was pltdged to its honorable support oy the actionfrom seven to nine persons have met watery graves by cluster about the noble visitor's path-like'fragrant of 'he Conventions "Mn which I participated.; But it .•!h5smoE-t.disastrousandunprecedmitedflood. bloesommgg?rlands? Didtheyhoveraboutbimin .wascover contemplated that.theticketshouldbeshape, nor view its reception b y o o r pariy friends i n any 'such light. W e accept it ourdelvep, audrecom-, mend it to those who will recognize a-;d respond to ourIndianaE'khftrt 70 majority for the Itrg-bJic-an ticket. S t.gag'ed in thr> coinmieejon of open piostilities agsSinst tha good citizens of this Stale, and in violation of the law3 of the Unied States. A s Doputy Marshal, "you' are hereby required to' be a t my oflice,"in Calhoun County, that you may without delay receive aud execute such process as i t may become necessary for me tr> i?hue.McCJt/E'EN McTNTOStf,TJ. S. Jrdje NovMiorn Disttict of X-"orida.The meanest prejudices of the meanest scam of hutnah- i y were coiraely and violently ventilated. >Vith axery annoyance that vulgar imagination could invent,i81tfam'. - . • )••county.'ffFlorida Election.• SAVANN \K, Tuesday, Oct. 8. J$60. :tation. With these disheartening conditions, the visit their certain defeat.totheCapitolwt?s of'course,notldngproiracted.But' The organization represented by Breckinridgeand whicharetimeinsured.tho return to the hotel offered only, a partial respite. Lane is a powerful one. They will receive a strong At the same time* there remains, and will remain, iuElection returns from Bx^een counties in Plorida, «jve Milton a^majority of 1,375.support in all of the Southern Statce. They are sup- the hold cur admirable; and nopular S'.ate ticket, of Here essayed invasions of the Prince's apartments, ported as the candidates of the Administration; and, which there can be no withdrawal,^to compromise o rHilton's .Rrer-k. Dern.; majority for CongrecS in six- teen con:,tie6-ft 1825.The Breckinridge candidates for Governor and Con- trreswus:: urn elected by about lv"'00 mfijoriiy." Charles S -lor.es, candidate f^>r Mayor on the Citi- zens' ticket, is elected over the Democratic nominee.m —Arrival of tbe STortli Eriton.FATKXK POINT, Tuesday, Oct. 0,1860. The steamship Noiih Brif>n, from Livernool Sept. 27, via Loadonderry on the 2>>th, a»rived oif this pomt at c, o'clock this evening. Her datS3 are one day laterthun those already recMvfd. * n MO.NTUKAL, Tues<la7, Oct. 0, 1860-9 r . M.if successful, the chances of Douglas are not thereby iu grco cwBproniised by t i e course pursued with respect This wa3 the way of the whole Richmond, anyway improved. And Ave.are yet to learn how to our Electors; they are the ratherstrengthened byit.TheFROMMEXICO.yesterday in a trial of speed with the Winans steamer. The latter ran by and around tae Adelaide with the»THE RETURN IN NEW-YOPK CITY.THE HOTELS LAST NIGHT. .The leading Broadway Hotelshavingrecently risen into political importsince, we looked inlaetnighttogcta lit*le public opit'ion. upon th e Pennsylvania election;and the Priuce.: .greatest ease. nesses.Her .-performances astonished all Wit-FIRES.Ain»y havicg declined.• • • Re-Arrestol"profession,'but simply a pastime; and if, because'he were as lonely ai a Quaker meeting-house at mid- was eofortunate, or unfoithrive, as to obtain greatnight^ .Now ar.d then a ctragglor dropped in from the thea- tio/i'/is xuicnx, at home and .abroad, now and atdamaged to the amount of $200. The families occupy-: form, by the English'steamer at Havana from vera racy of other States, in iiii-^ present generat-ion. Nor ingbothhomeswerothrownintoagrca"'-staterofco'n- Cruz,the1stinst.-,shouldthemails.directby/ho Poto- decsthereputecfthe-irnewallien,tfcoKnow-Nothing fcLeroation, btit all escaped uninjured. Their furniture mac, now some days overdue, not come to baud leaders, elevate tbe character of the alliauc«. Become was much iuiared by water. T h e fire ia said to have before. . . . the' r atelhtea and followers of the Central Railroad Al-From Albany.rtThis challerge Morphy declined to accept, raying that he had rot come Noith to play- chess, and; wonld>'1UK I N ESSKX STKTKT.At 11 o'clock y'eetierday wornrDg a tire broke out inIn consequence of this-note ah further action'lin t h e matter was su.'pended, and the whole Spanish squadron, w n h ;hf» excc-;p'.'ion o f one. vessel; sailed back t o H a -ALBANY, Tuesday, Oct.9,i860. Judge Peckham has continued the injunction to pre-enought h eChivalryh a dretirede"'riy,A. Eiehler's c'abiaet shop, Ko. lbo EsBex street, add before the iiames ccn'.d b e .extinguished, -the'butlding• - . ' -i mTe^a* IiuiJan I>epredationK.N>;W-OKMIA>S, Totaday, Oei. 9, i860. Advices tzoju Texa^ state thit the Indian depreda-opinion is made np on the-bubjeet, ho wishes Jo leavechess where it belongs, and t,o devote himself to tbeOur estublbhmont w aa crowded last -night by an practice of his profession. T o refuse to play on even enthusiastic units meeting of Republicans whose choer- terms with any player ia a privilege generally cla'medPIRK IN YirTV-FIRSTThe alarm of lire in tho Sacond District, at a latehour Jast nighfc; was occasioned by the burning of theElection.the emire cities of P.'.tttbuTgh aud Allegheny, and all the adjoining boroughs, give Curtin a majority of 4,0S6—a. Republican gain on laefcyear'3vote for Audi- tor-General of 2,710. There a r e twenty-nine districtsyet to bo heard from in-tbe county.,PII/T,.'.pr-r.i'ut v,.Tuesday, Oct. 9—11 p.m.The following are reported majorities:.Twenty Districts in Chester County indicate a ma- jority for Carriu of 1,200; in Blair County, of 900; in Allegheny County, of 6;800; in MitllioCoUnty, of 227; inLancasterCounty,of4,500; andinErieCounty,of2,300. .'• 'York County,.it is reported, gives 1,300 majority forFoster, and Cambria County 000 majority, The-majority for Foster in this city will range from3,000 to 1,000.Lehman, Dong???, is elected in the 1st Congressionalcding to amateur? generally would sift out one or two Verree, Republican, is probably elected .iu the H id of the mo£t important openings—the- Evans's.'gambit,The wires are interrupted between S c SChomas a n dRiver dn Loupe, with no chance of thtir getting towork:again to-uight, con?-qnently we shall be unable 1,500 majority. He ions fthead of his ticket. to obtain a word of the North Briton's news.1 have come to the concha„on to cast my. voti for tho Republican candidate?, for the reason that I believeExplosion of a Propeller.So the Prince and his suite left Richmord early Mofl- day nxoriiing, run back through, Washington, and toward evening arrived atBaltioiore.;fctruly, 5'om-s,A.,H. TRESCOi'T.DKTOIT, Tuesday, Oct. 9,1800. Western Transportation Company's propeller Wonnt Ycmou, wih a cargo of 20,000 buihels corti aud GOO bbls llour^ exploded her boiler neiir Point au- Pelee this morwng, instant'y killing the second engineer,who played wiih Morphy in Europe. Since, Paulsenhas devoted much time to books, and may be said tobe n o w both skillful a n d erudite; h e plays boldly,rapidly and openly. It is reasonable to infer that ifwhenlefttohisown resources,heprovedhimselfsuch,au able competitor, at present he would be no un-werlhy antagonist to Morphy. It was in the expecta- this Koningwith the Mayor, fie left at noon fo'r brings to us several days' later news from Mexico. It State the National Democratic principles and cause.Theodore Reese, and a fireman named Jas. Conkim, bria County, 325; , B3 rir County, 251; York and slightly injuring several others The vessel sunk County, 1,080.vote for James T. Brady and his eminent, acs^ciates. The Prince of Wales took a drive through the citv subsequently went ashore, as eleewhere reported, It ie oar-ytoperceive that we alone represent iu thisimmediately, and, with her cargo, L*a total loas.' «The Xcxro Klslnsr in Tlrgrinfa. "* DALTIMOILE, Tuesday, Oct. 9, 1800.The accounts recriv'ed here to day from Norfolk, represent that all ia quiet again-ia Norfolk and Princess Anne Counties.* ; ,T}te Norfolk Herald says that tufficient testimony lms been eiiched since Friday to fully justify the strict police surveillance that was instituted.A considerable number of arrests of negroes have keen made. Nearly all the negroes on tw o or three plartaticnsonhearingoftheailuirtooktothewoods, moref/omLightthananythingelse. Apatrolforce has-gone in search of them.i i ••The Winans Steamer.The following are reported majorities: ,Northampton County—Fester, 1,600 majority;* Car- bon County—Poster, 400 majority. Monroe County-tion of a match or encoonte-r, thai the following letter was sent by Pau'kcn.WK'.V-YOKK, Oct 3,1360. • To PAIT.T. MOKP.HY, esq.—Dear Sir: In tlni hopo of promoUvg the cuisfc ot Choas, p'oriuit wfi to invito you to a fcieaoiy contesto\or the board on the following tcun:;': ...A match, even, consistiv'g only.of open pwcoa: or, to make itPhiladelphia. is of themost important character., aud not only confirms After this present campaign, the National Democracy, PHirAOELi'ttiA, Tuesday, Oct.':), 1860. that we have before bad 5n regard to the final con- sustaining the platform of the Convention of theThe Prince of 'V^ou^e arrived i t twenty minutes past demnation and confiscation of the Spanish bark Maria Maryland Institute,.y$& alone be left in th« field in op- Concopcio'n, but present? an entirely mw phase of the pogUion to AboKiion Republicans.. Tho bafiled und de-s NOKFOJ.X. Tuesday Oct. 9, 1860. District. TbefactBayLinesteam*rAdelaidewinbadlybeaten•" • .vereary witlicat imposing the condiiion of reaeivlng odilp, 1 beg leave to Hujggest nn advantage which, -without marring-tho beau- ties of o u r nrble game, may still prove acceptable to yoti,.vlxi 1 sball receive as luany 'games, out of the match as, iu jour opin- ion, would make the chaiicea of wiuu?.ng the match perfectly even, or yield ycur oppoiiont '»n adyantige equal to Uie pawnand move.hi the sincere hope that you mil-acctvpt the invitation andfavor mo witha reph',1 lemain, &c, • . LOUIS PAULSEfiT.Home, Squadron. Thereupon Capt. Jarvis rrmedi- a>.e3y passed a note to tiio Spanish Commodore, iu which he not only condemned hie course in tho decided twos it deferred, but finally concluded with declaring, as the words arc quoted to UH, "-that he would consider the first shot tired n'pon Vera Cruz as a shot fired upon Che Aberican Squadron." .. • -BootIt.District; Kelly, Republican, in the IVfh Disiikt;Old Dominion, where peaceful dignities and glowing them strengthening and increasing the chances of the or relaxed until the going down of the sun ou the 6thillustrations of the refining influences,ofthe patriarchal election of Lane more than that of any otherCandidate'. of November. A party true to the rights of th«; Stateasystem wore to be',hold, alluringly before the royal Tb'.sh a remarkable state of things—a combination and of the. citizens of all the States must be maintained to aid the men and principles that seven-eighths of the in the State of New-York iutsctiu it-; brganizitton,District. . BuckeCounty—FourDistricts.showaDemocraticloss of'H3.Thompsonboro'—Curtin, 32 majority.I Jacksonboro'—Curtin, 67 majoiity.• WycmiDg Co.—^\'yoming, 82 maj. for Poster.Luzerne Co.—Covington, 29 muj. for Cuiiiu. ' • Abii'gton Township—Cnrtin, 127 majority.Col. Scranton, for Congress, in Lu/erue County, hasfor instance, and revive the caui-o of Chccs, which ox"lutehasbeenratherdrooling].When they lir_t met at the tourjaament in .1857,Pauhqu displayed a power of analysis and skill whichwas so, much t h e more surprising that he possessedscarcely any book knowledge, had jnevcr encountereda single first-class;pleyer>, a n d was literally obliged toinvent nearly all the moves and defenses whi;h biimore, learned opponents h a d gathered from Chesstrcatkes. -Hence his slow play and close game. A nd ion. O ut of it, soon as possible. Can yon imagine that the contest in';. reality in between Lincoln and Ctntnd Railroad as^mnjpg, wlloW-DemOcritfe,to dictateThe iollowing are leporled Democratic losses:Allegheny County^ {3,5'JG; Mitllin County, 304; Lancaster County, 331; Erie County, 1,091; Chester County, in twenty districts, 578; Bucks County in ten townships, 82.Thefollowing arereportedDemocraticgains: Cam-yet he not only took the second prize, b u t made a why ? bolder stand, perhaps, tban any of the celebritiesLane, and that the interests of tho whole Union will be best promoted by their election.your. Legislature arid' your Slate officei's; it names the Douglascandidatesfor'G-oyernor, CanalCommissioner, occ.,'and demands yonrvotee. Oh'the other side, w e present to you a State ticket never eurpassed iu tho ability r4nd talent i t embodies; unthiclu.-ed b y iullu- eucot and interests adverse to the Stats; aud oampoEed of long-irbd and always faithful friends of the'canals. Wecalluponyou*oexerteverynerve,andpoHeveryPoster, 1,200 majority. majority.four oVock this afrernoon on time. He was received feated champion of Squatter Sovereignty, standing by the Mayor on the platform of the cars without any recent difficulty between the two Governments.Lahigh County—Foster, 500 Pisii \ni:LPHTA, Wednesday, Oct. 10—1:30 a. m.It is to this effect, that immediately after the arrival aloue in theUnited St:-:t<s Senate, repudiated by both/•:-' \NEW-YORK DAILY TRffiUNE, WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER .10, I860.I*Tocracy have gone ur> in the Keystone. INDIANA.A very intelligent Breckinridge politician, from theNorth-West, whoarrivedinthiscityto-day, statesthattheBlightpartyinIndianahavesup- ported Mr. Hendricks, but that on the Presidential YOte they will go against-Mr.•'Douglas.OIJIO TAecilon.CtK\ KI.\NO, Tuesday Oct'. 9, 1"2<;0.ClevelfcudCityandCnyahogaCourtygiveaKepnb- tin—majOTit.y.aDemocraticgainofII.Bathbor- COTJKTYDKCLAKKD JKA-[STATE OT IXSUR- apartments,'attheBallardHouse.Batthopopulace lion gaia < f J P00 over bust year; ough, Foster;; 10 majority; Democratic loss, 5, Pree- . RECTIONj ANT) T H E ^.tlLITARY ORDERED OCT. had other views. They had lain ia wait for him at theSua>iftit Ccucty—Twelcc towns show a Republican matsburgh, Foster, 8-majority; Democratic gdiri,8. The Maridnna (FJa) Pa'rjldi 4Jjf the 26h inst. says: ;ot•• seven in favor of Breckinridge and Lane. Can a n y Electorfcupport the faeicn Electoral ticket, as now constituted, without being pr«rpured to say that ne pre-• fjr^ the election of Lone to that of the R^puolicau can- dicafccs ?' And must he not '>e also prepared to sustain theprinciplesofthatorganization?Itwillnotdoto sf.y that this coitrss is politic, for the purpose of defeat- iig the Republicans, aud Chat L^.ne cannot be elected.iiy fhe coni>e proposed to b& pursued, every man that votes.the ticket, aids directly hi the election ol" Lane. It is by no-means certain that I/are wi 1 not have njord.eJectcral votes or Viee-Pt-crident. than Ev- Oiett,'especiallv.if we are to give him eeveu from this Stiite. • -.-..;:•Suppoae, aftc-r the El?ctors are chosen iu the various Stales of the Un'on, that it is apparent that taere ran be no election by tt^e Electors chosec. aud it should re-gain of 450. \ Lorain Ccnuty shows a Republican gain of 3O0.„ Colunibfie City shows a Republican gain of %0."rri TO?d-d'p'Ot, and had enlivened his drive to the' h^telLittle Hanover, Foster, 58 majority; Dem. gait. 9 . Yesterday a party in Calhoun, styling themselves Reg- with animated r.ccompanimer>t3 t f iucohereut ho wlirgs, qulre but a atnoll nucobei of votes to bf> turned from E vCmtin1 StroudsburgtoWnship,508 majority for Po&tersolely because, incur judgment, derived, from a careful en:vc-y of the whole held, «nd a review of recent oc- currences, the success of th:<t ticket in this State- would result in throwing the choics of President into Goigress.Our organization has recognized the fast, from the been ning,'that.this Presidential struggle lay between our candidates and those of the Republicans. Either they or wemuEteucct-ed. Messrs. Douglas a n d Bell were virtually in the field only ay the allies of tho Re- • publicans, since their candidacy, hor-ekw? for them- f-zeives, could hut enure to Lincoln's benefit. In proof cf our anxiety'for a union of all the opposition to Lin- coln in this State, W6 m a y refer to the repealed prop- ositions made by this State Committee to the reoroeen- taliven of the allied Douglas and Bell party.! Ei".h of there wa'sousuJtit'gly refuged. Our organisation; offered ecbperatio/n;';,'on condition of naming twelve of t h e Electoral candidates: this was denied. We" tbeu pro- pq:ed eleven, wiih a like rceu-t, tb«;n tou; then rime,nand fm« y sevc-ji. The Richmond State Committee re-turned the fame answer to each of the«e proposition*. The public mind is convinced that that Committee did cotdesirethedefeato:Lincolnatthepriceoftheelec- tion cf Breckinridge or Lane, TEit couvicden cannotrbe removed by the tardv an-^ rtlr. -tat.t acceptance b ythem of a few Bn-ckmridge Dercocrats " tofiU vacan- ei<-s." The Douglas and Bell State organization has i a . fiict made no concession for tbe sake'of a uuion. It remains fcr us to m&ke conce?rions, eihee the benefit-to be derived from them is to ho eotely ours, .and m a y tend to preserve, not only the principle^ we advocate, but the Union of the States itselif. In accep'.iog the P.edfield ticket, therefore, we do not inquire farther than to ascertain wnethe'r,;if It succeeds,it* will cast t>evoteofNowr-Yorkcoostothrowtheelectioninto'> Oongrege. I n respect to th's/we are entirely ta'wfied- that it will.-. Pailing. then, to'obtain any concession from the-Douglas and Bell men. w e consider it good policy to adept thrir complete Electoral ticket for our own purpotes. We turn their batteries against them-selve£. W e occupy their o w n ground.r W e make them our allies ia spite of themselves. W « compel them to be involuntary coadjutt,*6 iu the election of our Prerideritsal candidates, unless they resort to the troich- erous altc-rnaf iveof defeating their o <vn Electors. T h o slight,and temporary mortification involved io our vot- ing for seine of our'ancient and implacable foes, must be forgotten in contemplating tho nation«*l adv*tnti«;e8CttKSS IN NEW-YOKK.—Paul M'orphy and L-misPack en maybe seen often at the Clab; and. althoughone of them, at least, is very eager to encounter bisrival, the prospects of a march are becoming quitedubious. , Itistoberegretted. A series of open audeven games, duly cai/ied out by such adepts as Paul-senand.Morphy,.wouldccrt:'inl)T prove highly inter-. visit. This was tho bearing of the'chivalrous many.morefc:mi!arcombinationswillbeformed,allof Our exertions iu their eupport must not oe intermittedTBELA TE• • •TEAR IB fcE •-'.'. •*-,.-.-....ST&RM^J^'MTH^•&&#*campaign, the Kiaso briaga to us the ia'eUitre-ice that ^h-vatgmrd of tbeIM*wl army bad alretdy arrivedout of the Spanish war-steamer Veiatco, with official The political clubs of all parties are parading t h e duct tbre3.times.the attack and throh timoa the defense, and <>f to the Cdiitibsntal Etoteh A number' of spectators dispatches from Havana, as before stated, a note w a stwelve Rambits on th»ki»p;'H side, attack and defense .to be streets with lighted torches and bands of music, all plfyjtd altSrnatoly by «acl> plejer throughout the match.more di'htiite, a match of nix EvsuiS'sfgmribitS, oatih piaj'er to ocu-Strs'nglelyunder the combined influence of bad headaches andscatteringreturns; A very few Ecll-Everetters, ho- only encounter Pauleea at odds, aud in an occari:mal was almost destroyed. Mr..E "sloss is estimated at viira, •Without intending to indorse this statement,vent the rtmoval of the rails from twenty miles of theNorthern, or Albany, Yermcnt & Canada Railroad, ping agiiiost hope, held out until • the news from game or two at tho Club. There a.r<> other--'reason?. about $800. The fit-unes extended- to two tenement which forces to us only as a verbal report, we may .where'tbeymade amartand a-barter of the votjof ourfrom Albany toEagle Bridge, Kenf.o'aer Co. AJlegLwy arrived; when they incontinently'fled, and Morphy truly says that ha doesnotmake.of. chessahonecs adjoining, one of.which, Ko. 16~, owned remark ss partial corroboration of it, that tho:hue.it Empne State—where they incurred the d'ogiu-t..and- aud occupied by Mr.- V*»dder, w-as dumaKed- to the'Ilavana mail reports the returnhome of three vessels cbriteinpt of all, ev<&uof those with whom thev plotted amount ofahdut $2 0C0. Inaured for $1,500 in the Pa- of war—the Bcrenguela", Alcedo, and Velasco. The ami traded, is not Hkjely to be forgotten bv the-Democ- cific Insurance Company. Tito other building was truth, however, will soon reach UBin an authoritativeHall Kinsley was elected Cattain of the AlbanyBurgesses' Corps, Mt»jor Sprague of the -United Stut«s at.11 o'cloc-k the usually thronged bar-rooms and.balkMir.w \.-KKK. Tnepday. Oct. % 1860.Deputy I.*. S . Marshal Taylor last night arrested; a t ters, -stealthily iufjuired the news which ho had already all timesy life is not worth a farthing to'him. H o• been caused by a spark from tho stove falling among a pile of shavings.KIRK IN -M'KST TltlRTV-SEOONr) STREKT.;By the mail from Northern Mexico, brought; to us bany Regency, they have exchanged their dignity andindependence for a very email share, of party' spoils, yesterday by the Atlantic from Brazos Santiago, we nayahlein an extremely k.d. finite future.abo have the important intelligence of the seizure, b y Pcllow Pemccrais; *we invite yon to instant and -order-of (Jen. Dcgollndo. of ant immense specie con- earnest action ! Support the Redfield Elrc(urul tioket; fiU«a,.amounting "to$1,200,000 in all, from Zacatccas vnpnert Brady, Yifle, Jaycox. and Allen; supportand Giffinajnatd, bound to Tampico. The. evidences of Democratic Congressional candidates who will euRUin this acand.-iloua act are suid to be undoubted. It cornea the AdmmiMi-a-iionof Breckinridge aud Line! Withthe earnest and hearty cooperation of our friends, suc-cet3 is certain! Victory ie within our grasp! ' An un-np^n the gascOnade so commonly indulged iD. THE TRIEUIIE OFFICIItionsinthatState continue, and thit Gen.HouBton iugeljourashook the-windowsof Old Tammany,.aad by all-successful champions;whoBtandfirstandi'ore-large Meaoiung factoryin Pifty-fir^t street,nearthe the9thtilt.,andtbewholeorderedbacktoLagos.The exampled triumphin ihewholeUnionhi nearertban :proficiency fit the game., he must, be made to playbas ordered a company of aixty monntad riflemen to thefrontier.m- •—TliePopulationofIvOiiiisvHle.Lot IXVILLZ, Ky., Tuerday, Oct. U, J8C0.Ofiieialcfinwusretom»eljOWa.popuUuonof:t0,1-2, makingthewelkinringagain,andmatchingoifinhigh totakeaction'uponthedeathoftlwrlateaseocinto, 20werebuyers. Thebiddingwasnotparticularly^wasdecfinedforthvicity.,.Toonoofourprinsipal mighty8acrS,4cemadebythem.$37,5eJ,7<W!l>tu»tootherbeak*,f;;^^',o.v.y o. the vh.urch, H6 w far the loan waa volimtary'*or "ioToea is not stated, A& to-Ute progHtw of th"e School Coniwicaiwwr, list District, Gfcorgo Scll^64,671 ii2"if>«*po«rit»............ 5(ai^,t'0»|CkcataUoad,m,y&\«;'•J'H'li;, •T,»M,WO j to vote for Lincoln and HawU?.and. condoling with his family in their bereavement.-,.i•pie^c-r.t ruitof progmts, not be reached this vrc-ek.carried dismay to the denizens Of that sleepy concern. About midnight a lively detachment of Wide-A wakes (for tbe Union and victory) came down from headquar-m'oatintheworldofchess.-.''•'-.'••only cause designed for the seizure of the money that we'have heardofis,that theexigenciesofthecam- I.KJj.'ndc-manded it.' It is supposfid that it is to be usedthe most tfingnine had dreamed! In this you wiU win for yourselvestb.ecreditofturningthetideofb:Utleinits 1'uil,career, and will have done to your party a n d t o your whole country,-a Bervico which will entitle the• THECnKARiNc-ITousK AssociATroN.—-Tno mem- ters, and gave us a volley of their thrilling cheers, bers, of the Cieoring-Housd Association met; yesterdayTat BVRTON Lii:n.\HV SAKK.—About 150persons :nsupportoftheexpeditionagainsttbecapital,a*be- New-YorkBreckinridgoDemocratstoallthecouaidora- .were pn^eht atthis sale yeelerday, of whom pr rbably fore mentioned. A.consideraole portion of the money tioa that, honorable men could a>k', in return lor ainciudiog 5,401 colored. gleo.BOMon W eekly Bank Statement. . —Thiriy-two citizens of 1'eo.uonnoc, N. J., who in giume upon the deccueed were pronounced by the Presi-•n>« foJlowJaz axo tb« tootbw o( oar Baak butoaient for tit* have supported Bell and Everet",, if there had boon no others; after which the meeting adopted resolutions volumes cf catalogues' of famous public and private at.GuBna.uinato of ^600.;000 in support of the same expe- —In Saratoga County, the Republicans have nom-<J«i>!t»lSto«kX>owtuutl>i*coaiit«8yvckt>....fh* f.-©*u u^or i/«k»1I he aecarily given wu» the coulitcated pron-f_eion,havepublishedadeclarationoftheirintention expresbiveoftheirrespectaudetteemfarthedeceased, libruthe,TheShakcfepea'riau.collectionwill,atthe ddion. . ,^ivtuwutiiu»coitutii: tprop* inatedforAssembly,"istDistrict;JoelSeymour.Caleb O. Halctcd. Thomas Tilebton presided, and culo-Bo»tOXi Tuowiay. Oct. 0. l*sC0. 1856 inpported Fillmore and Donelson, and who would dent, John Earl Williams of tho Metropolitan Bank, and lota were dispesjed of, very many of the books being good au'hority, that Ceu. Doblado haw eil'ected _ to'dil>v oril< i of the Stale Coiniulttce, ' •JOHN A . GlltJEN, j a . , Ch«ir»«»-AIATH^W MCHAUOX) SecrcUuy.« » » i w »• i i » « M » n " " • ' i • •ii^———IIii»jUntitled Document_______Thomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th StreetFulton New York13069 Mijtjdipiirt*tf •!•••'• t ;•..'>'•^•g>i.-.,./A. i • „;,,.- •l'y t%f%% • ' -THE CHIVALEY.: ;':&&$&$#&Tba- New-Orifarrrf papers cf T! u'sday ar-d Friday ,From.OCTOv. n'.ttepcrtor.l&et ccme to ua filled «ith- partice-a? a of ite dftaja'jje ' BALTIMOKK ;Oct 8, I860.cau>ed by the hi**t*-rriMe stbrin in'tJu'&^^icipi'-y FrOoo When the course of the re»yal parly was firet laid cil, has resolved that he cannot stand Fusion with Of (he National Dnnocrctic State Commit** to-iU77/fPicoyvve?x.fLfjetth,wemakesomesxtracr.s.',1'hvout,theTou-'eincludednospotfo'thersouth-than ;t>eBreokiniidgeparty,andmustbecountedout. Democrats estimate Berks County at 4,1.00for. Z'<ito text: .-•..- ...-,...., Washington. Beyond an inspection of the progress/ . ADDRESSNotional DemocratsofAw Yofk.Mr. Foster. Curtin men stiy-,000.£ve_\ boor weiesrncf soue new dLas'tr from.tba a_d ci*ili'/ation of the R«publie, their purpose did not Here is his avowal: iz.'•••;Since, we addrcj-sed the Kavional Democrats o f ?New-York, political events have thronged rap d?7 terr ble wrort wid rain stcVc•', altbowr'; .one ei/y I t s invite ihem. So there was no thought of JRkhaaonde, J. N . LAKE, e?q.-^My Dcor 6'?r,* Your letter to upen us. In many respects, the comical horizon has*St'5QUftn\NN-:V, Oct.9,i860, • r'axUii'''cnrici?tbav^'&tthirty-?)« home.'Whichcocosou- merethanofSaltIiakes,orVIUtah settlements. But fernyou;andinregardtothe inquiriesthereinmado of»11ourendeavorp,uptothattime,tooStaia«afcc_-- .Saequehhnna County.—N«w-Mdfoid, Cartin 111 Hcajsoi., undoubtedly, will iicreaaotbe humberjof ihonwjorivy.l;i:msofthttdacksouroad;whocamefromtheeenneof cry—and<h>sthePrincemarchthroughopehalfof dijc-.sTf r, we learn that jeleven miles of the track la fullyv&tb^d jvwa-v, cud that the watVr wss four tr> five ffeet the land, giving foreign countenance so the Black R.e-'Ihave,untiltherecentfusion,supportedtheUnion f*\h avd vindictivenee3 of theDougla*and Eier,to?al ticket made a* Syracuse, at the meeting of Bell State Committee, cf which M r. Rich- the D.ngbiE State Convention. I aid sofor the reaeonS*u«qpth»t::.a. Gurtin 58 majority. . Gr£a<-EC-J<3, Curlin 70 rnhjority. 1-anej.boroTJih, daroh 65-majority. McntTCic, Car in I.r>8 majori y.Be hleh« m borough," Potter 43 majriiity.pxef mar-s-bprg bor<-nghj Poster 88 majority. Doylfgrtiowb,BucksCocnty. gives Poster 23.maj.Dem.-'loss^ r». Durham township, Poster 13. Dem..«_ wtre washed away on a hadly-conttructed raft, ccurttriesaud enBghttnmtnts of America fehall wait ber of Electoral votes in the BVeeStates to prevent the lOftf.11 and there is no doubt of their lo?s by.drowning. election of the Republican candidates. ; '—'•—,Noithampton' County, gives Poster 43 maj. Cevsh'Cru families.recidiig id the region^f the track soetbingly upon him. Aie we not the Old Domiuion '!•• I conld consistently support an Electoral ticket thatiBranchnodBf:youDesert,ornr&rthestationpointsof Premier ai.il Manchac. During the rime of the storm's pr<valence.t,hewaterdashed;.7ritbunprecedentedfury axd forw, beyond oeserip io_. . -Wett,pndyetwithholdinga single approving glance fromthebro&danahappyregionsoftheSouth? It must not be. Let him dei cend among us. He shall ese e-urChivalry,inwhichwehavegreavjoy. HoshallEverett,anddistinctlynnderetoodthatthetenElrjctow organization preferred that linccln should b> upon that ticket, known as Union men, would, if chosen by the vote of thia State, rather than that the.elected,castthtirvotesfcrthem.I have not a t any time believed that Douglas a n dItisJeyortedtoBlr.WSlJauis,bypereoralivingtherethat two Gormen" faruilien, numbering either live or see ourrefinemeets and cur amtnitiee, and the real tsat can be.done by them is to carry a sufficient num- tWs State, we urged upon Breckinjridge men the un-b?iwe*-Ji the point? of diias tr were washtu a-way on Are'we not always talking of onr proud' supremacy iu wonid, if elected, secure to the Unioncandidates tenDem. iocs.I. every fkaiing material of lafe.ty they could obtain, and ell that makes life generous and noble ? . Shall we notvotes from this State, because, by so dohu?, ia the eventofafailuretoelectaPresidentbytheElectoral Colleges, the ten votes, thus obtaked, with whit Bellthey will '_<et North Carolina, Virginia, and Ten- 115 msj. they: -wculd rll have been lost, no doubt, . Two ineu iu• Prion County wiU give Curlin .800 maj., a Dem. a ek fi':lerit sioir' aidy wiih a long rOpe, and siiled Tbe first half of the a'gument was enllieient to decide and Everett may reasonably be expected to receive innessee. AveryprominentDouglas mc.nherehas aronuc.about(beruftsandiloatiogpe/sons,andthus thecounselorsofthePrince..Itwasnotpleasantto theSouthernStates,would"quitecertainlygivethem made a b e t of $100 that M r . Breckinridge wilt lcr?ofS00..' ' saved tbem, and brought some of xbam to tho railroad more Electoral vctes tban can be obtained by Breok-BedfordboroughardtownshipgiveFoster127,a comjeany'snewdivision-houseatBayouDesert,whaie meettheimputationofhavingcastaeligitupona inriogeandLane. Byeodoingweincreasedthe not get over half of the electoral votes of the large D*m. g^.iu*. thc> now are. powerful hagment of the nation. Therefore, iu Cana- stiebgili of the Union candidates,^ and did not jaid orit. is now well confirmed that a Ce'rman gardener. da, just bifore enteiing tha United States, it was ar- help any of tie candidates or organizations that are an- BancnatsrCify—TheDcm.gainis600.Infour. liningoffthelo\s'frorJakeeiuoof-thetrack,haslost rangedtha'-aTesweofalittledistancera-glithauu- tagonistictoourown,bygivingthemsufikientstrength othertowiuhipstheDem.1OB'8is341. hi-wfeevndtwochildren. Thochiidren were found toendangerour sucjeus. There waanothing,there- It was circulated all about the Departments to- Johnstown, Cnmbria County, gives Cnrtin 112 m aj. yeetfrd.ay,' Ihcj lay sn deuth, entwined; in eaoh oth- dertaken. Pichroond, and perhaps adjacen; places, fore, to bo lest, but much might be gained by support-Slave States.THE PEXSSVLVANIA ELECTION;ive Commit'ce of our party, of which the Hon. J . J . Stevena it*the Chairman, wc determine to accept this hslf bleed Newfoundland dog—who, on the approach Pichittond w as importunate and querul >u?. And. so, But how are matters situated now ? By tlie recent Electoral ticket, and w» urge it upon your supcort. I tas we now all know, after the. Washington farewell ;cavtlfdupon to vote for different cjiididates, holdingst'cngth, a_d leae'ed about for joy—one- moment licking the royal parly took heart of grace, dove southward 'allegiance to entirely different principles from those a coa'inon. formed with "Douglas and Bell men, tra-np-and-impres.-ivesight. Thybereaved fifrbor haegons forabrieftermbeneaththesurface, then urireluctantaboutiiiaboutlookingforhislostwif..,andthe last rose,andbreathedagainahealthier,freeratmoephefe. heard of bim he was unsuccessfnl in his endeavors.TheElectoralticket,asnowconstituted,hasuponit cywithFreeSoilersand"Kuow-Nothin&s. Muchless sevencandidatesinfavorofBreckinridgeaudLane,t3u does it involve tbe least abandonment ot cur own o r -track or-T(sitewhatiecalledthe)shell-bank,arealso thepromisedelegantconxte?ie3andcelice.roconoidera- electionoftheElectoralticket,a-joriginallyconstituted, donotaccepttheRedfieldElectoralticketiuanysuch,The cheerful gardens below the track, toward the changed, by ihe substitution Of candidates for Electors action, simply because the support of ihat ticket, at this "lake, are now swamps, and the homes en them floating protecting and comfort-givirg.field's ? Notpe/tep'.ibly- in favor'of the election of the secession eamiidatts of time, and under all the circumstances of this carapvgu,PresidentandJudgiBlackbelievethat theDem- ThirdWsidFoster1majority. Kingstonborough,45 ruins;atleasttenorfifteenoftholeframehouseshave. iotheoneCHse,noroppressivelyinth-eether. Gentle- theSouth'. Shouldtheticket,asnowframed,be_suc- pr*sectsthobestmeansiuourpowerofnccoa>pUshiugmajority i'or Cnrtin.Monrce County—Strondsburg. 15 majority forbeen washed away, Mv. Poucher'a: alone bsiug viailie. men of Richmond, did you shower genuine felicities cctsfol, the election of the ten Union candidates wilt be the great rc*nJt we all have at heart-—the election of At the back pai't of the'dity, as ajl.ready reported,the over the guests you-bad eTemanded and obtained ? Did a'.most neutralized by the success,,upon tr.e same ticket, Jcbo C. Bro'kiniid^e and Joseph Lane. Simply andstorm has done cjuite sen'ousdaaiatfe, which is now ap-Bliiir County—Tyrone,'Curtin 28 majority; Sny- pealing in ail its dreadful,feature^ Houses that were you launch all yojr liberal feelings at him, and floodkej'tin'heirpejpfendicalarbythewaterarenowfall-irg over as the,water receded their bases being shat-ter*dorloose-ned.Wenoticedseveral3maildwellings toan;.body,letalonePrinces?Letustrytoju'3geder.Curtin21majority.•LarcasterCity,206majorityforPotter.Piko .Co.—Wettfieid Township, 60 majority for lately ectupied.by poor vet honest people that h-ive t>e-. fiom what we know of your trea'm<> it'of this gentle-Fos'er; Shohola, 54 majorby for Foster. 'Tyrone borough and Soydor town give Curtin 148 majority. The Demccratic .gain, compared with last yrar's vote for Anditor, is said to be 290.com*' uambabitabte, and every dny- some further evi- dence will be given of this e ate of things.man from afar, who loolied ai' least—-h& has neverHORRIBLE DOING8 W FLORIDA.Nazareth borough, Northampton County, gives Cor-. . :tEADIUL 3ViURt)ERS; JX CA&MOThi COt:iJTY-~THE urday evening, and sought at once the sedation of theirHarrisbnrg City—Foeier, 166 maj. The county will ulators, went to the home of oie J^esie Durd«;n, and .vague of purpose; and now they doaaatsdtd his appear- er.-ttt'j Lane to secure him a larger number of votes we .learn, shot him. giving him a mortal wound They than Everett; it is not certain, iu view of the state of give 1 COOto 1,200 majozity for Curtin. then met and shot Willis Mu?grove from his hcTSR, who ancewirh.peremptoryand.perseveringicsolence. The things>hat"wrou'dexist,butEvorettwould,becheated.Scattering returns from towns in the northern pari Blair—Cnrtin has about 750 majority—aDemocrati: dle-d infitantly-; also mortally woauciivg L-irkin C Piitce, however, remained invisible, epit3 of ail clam- Tae Administration Have a reliable majority in.ths Sen-of the Stu o-show Republican ga!ns. and icdicato tha ga;nof over 400. Musgiove. Thtse are the facta, n3 far as w e haveorous appeals. The next day (Sunday) the eiege w as ate cf the United Stotee, and will cie-ut Lane, if he suc-sneceeaoftheRepublicanStaeticket.S. S . Cox, Democrat, is reeleottd to Congress ia theHuntingdon—Cmtin,700mai$rity—aDemocratic •i»fc-ui»bJetogatherthem;butitiabolicvodthat,Ust night, another battle was fought between the lieguia-renewedwithincreasedvigor. Theneceesary'appear-ance of the Prince, as he emerged on his'way to church,,ceedsingf't:-iogascJfi(j>er.tnumberofelectoralvotse^-so that'he cun be a candidate. *The money and influence of the praeeni corrupt Ad-Twelfth Dis.'rict by about 700 majority.Brinks heff (Rep., Judc^), aad Sherman (Rop., '44t> m&joriLy. Republican majority in county laotwas accepted as an acknowledgment' of,-the claims of ministration," which wrou!d be continued if Lane-shouldthe mob. A'ttbe.entrance cf ihe sacred edifice there be elected, would all be brought into requisition tb.se? was a tumult,'and at the exit another, even more bois- ccxe hie election at any cost. And when wo considsrCongres?), have 5J8-1majority, a gain over Dennietooa year, 716. ' • \. Vote of 67; Loraioe Cunuiy, J.3 townships givesterous. There were no. policemen, the Chivalry that they will have tl\*o entire Sou'h to appeal to, and also aU the opponents of the Republicans th&t may, b yBrink'erhoir 1,100 majority, again overDdmaetpnof 3C0. Scattei'ng retuius from Huron aud Summit Counties show a Republican gain over the last Guber- natorial vets.Calloway fRap.,forCongro?s),hasamajority,a g«iin over J st year of •WG.Joseph 500 majority for the Republican candidate for Governor. Allan County, four towns give a Republi- can gain on 18-SS of 190. Bloomington, Monroe Coun- ty, gii'f 3 L^ne'21 maj >ri:y. In Port Wayne City, the Republican gain is 2G1. Tb_e Republicans claim thePuir.ADEi.rHi.v, Oct. 9r-I0p. m. - The following orcier of the United States Judgt*. of.this The. impression is gaining ground that Curtin is District to ihc> United StatesBlar^hal will explain':'elected Governor. II. K.-SIMMOKS, United Stateps Deputy Marshal.the church, the Prince briefly visited the Capitol, where, tho rabble havicg followed' him and foro-d itself around him, the disorder was more die-c-me- to the conelurion that, in case there is no election by the Electors, Lane will by elected Vice,-President by tnQSenate, and thus b*>.eornfi President. At all events, tfieinterests,inmyjudgment,aretooimportantto.belossof2J0.- ':• ' / .8usxmebahna County—Five towns ^ive Cm Lintor?, end the Durdehe.Illr ApalacMcola Times of Oct 31 says:Prom advices received by telegraph from Mariannayesterday; we wareyapprisCd That Gen. Win. E. Ander-Tor!; County—Y»rk Borough, Poster 106 msjoiity— son bed ordered out the Firs', Brigade Mi-ith, aud theyarcvere this at the £C?ne of tumult. B y the, mail boata Demccratic gain of 100. to-day, we are placed in possession cf funher advicss. seeming io scorn such a service. '•• Afte- leaving chance, be elected' in any of thePree States, I'haveCAT.IIOITNCO.,Oct.2,I860.'Allegheny County—Thirty-eight districts, including ' Thi^ County has been dfictaredjto be in a state of in- graceful than at any time before. Gentlemen who trusted to such doubtful responsibilities.surrtciionary war by the H_on. J . S. F'in'ey, Judge of. accompanied him were jostled, and jammed, andtho Western. Judiciary Circuit oilthe Stats'of Florida. hustled about wi'.h universal reckless disregard of de-It is jbelieved that persons from, other States are ,en- cency. Filthy insults .were.ilang upon t:'e visitors.As a member of the Coaimitt^e of Thirty-Two ap- pointed a t t h e Utica State, Convention, I said tt the Ctmmittee, when in session at Syracuse, that I would not vote for an Elector in favor of Breckinridge aud Lane. +i ••..>,- ,-•'••>!I will not do it, for the reason that I detest aud reject their principles. I believe that. Judge Douglas, in all.him with yonr wavm devotion ? Did yon.show himyonr Chivalry 2 Have you got any Chival y to nho vlook* d for mere—for au expression of that hospitafiCy .which the stranger always 'eels his right to claim.'• The travelers reached the capital o/f Virginia oh Sat-I stopping only: just short of nudifgaiscd and physical his public suceche.s, in which he denounces them an a dangerous Secession party, utter.s the whole truth, andbrutal.ty. these townspeople of Richmond endeavored that his suggestions are,wise and patriotic, and that it to distress their guests—the guests of their own solici- fa a paramount duty to act ihjmck. a way as will secure....-T.**-^^BACKSOUT.aE/tafce.up then- posnUna before the city. ' . »Gee. AMOS H . PKESCOTT of ircrkimcTCo,, : President o f the [Brooks] American Stato Coun-JobnEonhaveanygoodprospectofsuccess. iThemostCongress. In. view of the course ptmued by its lead-rudely inirasive spying oyer, and-si-age-whi^pars,- strangeas it may eeem, they have now secured the abandonmentfoh the part of'any true National Detno- meant. for hearing, no less rude, awe'-ced him. support.of the Douglas.Organization iu this Statej and crat Bf"ady, Viole, Jaycox, and Allen are in node- .gazs. Why,Motherof.Presidents,howlongsiuco peopleofthe.PreeStiles,whoareengagedinthe andpreparedin.futureconflicttocooperatewiththe yonr boasted countries taught you to leave1 a stranger work, profess to believe are tho worst ana the most National and' Constitutional party throughout the-who for many reasons should cliim your thoughtful feeling, to tho guardianship.of a ribald mcb 7 I h;>pc, at leabt, that the JUH rebuke .which eame was felt. Through other parts of Virginia tho royal.party had designed to travel, but, of'a _idd»n,'there,-cauia a' change;of determination^ No more of the Old Domin-dangerous to the country. . ".I am, therefore, compelled to withdraw m y eupport from the Fusion Electoral ticket; and in doing to, ILrion. Wemustretainthatpositioninlinowiththe Democrats o'f our ei^r^r States, which is ourunques- tioncd and conceded right. TO this end our Stato nom- in&tions should receiye.ouc entire s'rengih.'si- [By Telegri.pl.j, B u.-mioiu-, Tue^dsy, Oct.:), 1S60.Th'ebrig Kineo,Capt.i\f:>He,whicharrived.off the Pass on Tuesday morning, direct from Vera Cruz but.formal ceremonies. Nospeeches were.made whatever;,The Republicans are cheering over the Buccses. of n.o\e. Ailbw me, iu reply; to express tho opinion that tho "duu gatedat the depots, but tho train passed on without driftages; otherwise the City of Vera GrUfc would/at ular rebuke. His example will teach a lesson iu theCuitinintheState;theBeil-Ev«re-UmenoverFoster's ofthJepawnandmoveis*adonb!filladvant{lg«jwhileJitinvaria'.-ly stopping. Thelocomotive"GeorgeWhsfnington,"at- oncebebombarded. Ascoaipliancewiththisdemand decenciesofpoliticsnotsoontobeforgotten. Hc-nce-iucreusedvoto.inthecity; theDemocratsoyeythe andntcesfarilyresultinakiodofidongrclgame,neveradvancing tachedto*thetram,wa.sdecoratedwithBritishand hadalready,inaceojdancewiththedecisionoftho foiih.aspirantsfor'thefirstandnoblestofficeinthoThe Prince was cocductc-d to hiS:carnage and drivenparties,' arid without a solitary vote to back hi** own, will be on object rather of pity than apprehension—a •monument of. unregulated ambition, to testify the fate•'gathered on thesidewalk of thehofal."As the special, train passed Wilmington, Del., andpassed from, the Spanish Commodore to tho Consti- of demagogues'.: He will have degraded the whitecheering lustily. • , 1 urn a\«aro thit you have dectln d pleyiiig\viih ,onr mostprominent:; Chesa-rlayers. except at the oddu uf the pawa and other stations on the railroad, |erowd8: were congre- tution of the c.ordemned vessel, and the payment of robe of the candidacy, with no resolt but a stern pop-tuccf ss of their county ticket, and the Douglas mencourts, been formally declined, and the last note w a s conceived in the most peremptory terms, its contents.ii' ;oar high and justly acquired reputation as r. chess playeiv over the •election of Lehman to Congress in the. 1st :makes it a!«oatter of necessity on your part never to mwt an nd-tijc cause iof C'her.3, and rarely proving mtertsting to the great msjojityof amateursArnei'ican -flags.' The 'Prince xs •enjoying himself a smuch as possible at" his hotel The-stores on ChestnutBtreetareillnmicated to-night, seiththe hioito, "Wel- were,fet'e'ueecommuuicatA-d to Capt Jarvis, of the. C come to Victoria!a Son," in".g.is lights.:': The streetB S. sloop of-w'ar Savannah, and Elag-Oliicor of the' a.re crowded with people in search of election returnsworld will refrain from taking the etuinp to trumpet- forth their own nionoronou* praj*e8 and b^Ppa'ter their opponents with epithet ai They wil! shrink from play- ing the poliiicat mountebank" throughout the L'oiou, and :iw»ir. in calmness and in redremeat, the popular verdict which must decide upon their merits. With the GXtinguii hment of Mr. Douglas must conic the dis- solution of hi-, band of followers.If they prefer to remain with the Dcn-ocracy, it mutt bo upon tho platform of our groat National C o n - etitutibtal Un;or.-pxe'Fr-rving party; el-e thev mnetbe- lAkfl ih*wselves'•'.to' t h e motley camp o f Black a n d liroWn Republicenistri. P ° ° days of the corrupt a n d degrsded Albany Regency are numbered. Their con- duct at Charleston and at Baltimore, whera they held in their unworthybandtj the fate of our patriotic partyNinth av'e.nue.. Itwas'impoBsible to obtain any facts inregardtolossesandinsurnhct'3.-STKKKT.brisk, nor v.-er^ the pricaalargo, as the lote offerad, fcr houses, we understand, waa'consigned the large sum of $100*00$ . . v • *•the most part, povcottyed no special interest. About 300 In tliis connection it ia also Btr.ted to us, onequallvregret tb.disagVee with former political atsoeirttts atid :friends, who. I uoubt not, intend to be patrict c iu the oif.charge oftheir p.oiuicai duties, -.• •..,.'The Albany Regency, fui'hlt-s? to the host -interests , of tho State,' ^nd psrficipatora in the jobs of corruot legis- lation. mu?t bej' rck^n dowo, and toe election of Breck- . iniidge an^ Lane would break it down forever. T h eIMPORTANT.From The K- 0. Picayune, Oct. 5.tutional Government, demanding the immediate resti-M i S v f / l ^i?tbcT;d»ris?oi73 were aoon e»R8cted toelectionofPresidentnhouldbemadetodevolveupon lers, apdofthethenapparently inevitable resultin.•- ••*'•".••'.--"•:' T ••;"• p p j ^ _ _ _www.fultonhistory.com-aTt-lte.• J_ 