 !I1 flTOter will so shape his action as to make it conduce to earnest wishes are not- only constantly disregarded, ikesuccessofaprinciple,ratherthantheelevationof butourprosperityisremorselesslyparalyzedby.our*Man. Hewillfetilthistobethemoireincumbent servants,withoutanaudiblemurmuronourpart;and we are n o t much averse, as we have often proven,mouth-piece, advocate, and apologist of those engaged been cutoff from all the bounties oflegislation; by.the :frighttimiapebp^::;^^ battles We propose no novel^ fiw yonr acceptance, W d intheworkofforcingSlaveryuponanunwillingpeo- forceofSouthern prejudice; weshouldenlist'On askyoufosanctionnothingwhichthe[patriotsofthfe ple. Heenjoyedatthattimethefullconfidenceofthe theirside. Ourcountryhassufferedmuchinthe'esti- liketheChmese-^nusicinfrpritrl; They;makelrideous nationatlarge—notlungwhichsuchhonorednamesA South,andhisdemocracy was orthodox, becausehe mationofmankind,frompurmanifestedattachmentto noises,'comeinfroritoftheir'opponents;give'briegrand PinckneyandChaseofoarownState—havenotpro- was loyal to,bistask-masters,willingtodobattlefor aeyeternjnotoriouslyincounteractiontotheprinciples scr'eamirand.then, if'tie enemydon't run, theydol claimedandadvocated. If,then,sucharepurobjects, their most extravagant demands. He was then Chair- upon which our Government was founded; cpnaidera- [Laughterarid applause.]' T h e Republicans had e n - and such our principles, identical with tb4> objects and man o f the Committee on Territories, and I call atten- tions of morality, expediency, and consistericy should listed in the army o f Freedom^'and'witEthe sword o f principles o f the founders of the National Government, tion-tohisreportassuch,madeMarch12,1856,as inclineustodoallthatWelawfullymaydo,tosave TruthandthebreastplateofRight,thbyproposed*to maywenotwithconfidenceaskyoutosupportthose«£"<Wtt••*«*«;•£••eral Government are clearly seen and felt throughout,(the Union—in a paralyzed commerce, in a prostrate in--dufctry,abankrupt,treasury,alargejincreasingpublicdebt,andawastefulandcorruptexpenditureofthe mSIifeisS$ Hl^^H DAILY TRIBUNE3&:blastedmorethanone-halforoursoilaswithanava- mmmMM0mm Bs•ba<ik:uponhisviolated betweenwhich'wecanchoosewhenwecometode- antagonismtothisprmdplei^;0orfathersriSversup-Vhavior on tftsjperoration: '^•Thfebannersflaunting in the ensign of pirati<* seen whether t'n< tdppor*Stephenorous faction, s •Wltlitiretrtaroij po>ntt*ktbo£f<orursoc£every iconvulsed Iwithtwant. Citizens evilsthatnoelov dissolution of mi Democratic part stndfortheev Union,underxn<<—TheWide-i demonstrationt< Receptionand (N,J.)lWidevvi thefollowingp Albany,N.Y.; eke,andIndian Meriden, Torryv town, Berlin, Tl ford, and man Fridayevening ratification',meetlight procession Ashmanwillad* over tvo te&iisc day night. T b ting up tills n>big gun of the c•"The Sovtkting note from 1 Yancey and hisD a . HAHBr.x an answer to tl myselfwasanr published, for tl publishedseven papersupportfa- ter to my galhii whole history took it, contragjson." I felt Eire to make a much adniiratio fortune, while an acquaintanc •Southern rights reputation oi I etincts and habi his letter w; me facts: IhtheofB anddrewupa gratulated nim5era in South C ential office, Georgia who «thatIwould ;Tiewsonjtiie. therejectipnof tion. I mainta us, and co aid b lansbipofpurithe honesi mei Stables at VTs came,IWasat 'the points rais^.friend, wno k 5Tancev.jThe tendtfiisletter "towaspurelya ;CoLYan4ey*ciplesfor[thepi XJponthii scon :lento Co. YarCeorgia nierkthe suggestior Yancey andI said %'. tco me nothiD^r t< tothetubiie ccy desues t it should yeno pi blic. '[hiai wte lettes *chrevamp©< in tl Wiowhiomd O ' this j shon cailled up >n ColK**4fp*r*<&cp*JSSBESMDPBESBENTL4Ltraitor*.'Millionsofacresoffertflelauds,everyndwand the^axefflchedfromW^^^M^^^^S^MS^W^Jm^tturned into* barren wastes; by those who have already I>ebalfr,ti0"rj^jed father o f '* imtrammeled popular mXet us not be deceived! There are but twe doctrines nately, an| element^existed?in; our country In-direct•penhimatsuchatimeasthepresent, when thelen- iencies of parties are more distinctly marked than in any pievious campaign. I t will h e m y object, this evening, to endeavor to exhibit, in a distinct light, t h e <frridinf Hne between the political parties o f the day, andtoascertain,ifpossible,what,inallprobability, would be the effect upon the country of the election ofl i e respective candidates for the Presidency.If this were a strife merely between individua! men, fc would possess but trifling importance, and I should sottroubleyonwitheitherremarkorsuggestion. Bat «•Iregardthecontest,thedetermination,•.willsoonbe made not atone as to our value in the Confederacy, but.a* to the destiny o f the nation itself.The policy of our Government is, in many respects, I can imagine no reason for engaging such as sentinelsover our entire fortunes. Just so long as our custom-houses, post-offices, navy yards and mints shall b e••defined. The more serious questions affecting u sgress, in office or out Of office, who exerted himself more untiringly to perpetuate that reign of terror in- augurated to insure the admission o f Kansas into t h e Union as a slave State. I fear there a r e many nowhave but recently become topics' o f careful considera-•fion. Ourfatherswere-unabletoforesee,duringtheJoxmaiionoftheConstitution,thegreaterembarrass-jaeuts towhichthefuture of the countrywas toJoeobjected, and eoneequently no provision was maderttamstthem. Subjectswhichdistracted:anddividedthem, in their dehber&tionB, have lost much o f theirformer consequence, and we seem to be more anxious** ascertain what they should have said farther thanwhat they actually did say. Even the controversies in-which we ourselves have been engaged within the lastdecade have been settled or lost sight of, and we aren e w about to enter into that conflict which is to definemany of the moet important powers of the Govern-stocked with thousands, selected virtually by those whoareinbandedoppositiontous,andwhoseprincipal bearingupthebannerinscribedwiththenameofthisauthority, the constitutionality of banks and internal improvements, the regulation o f the currency, and the distributionof theproceedsofthepnbliclands,arenoSenate, the other branch o f Congress, carried resolu- tions of invef tigation under a close division o f parties, andsentaSelectCorinxittce totheTerritory.•TheConservatism, all moving o n together for the WhiteHouse, where soon they would be installed with a newBroadway. ' _ i ; —TheOleanTimesisanewRepublicanjournal,justallwhotoilshallbeheldasproperty—beregarded,in combinationofrecklessand unscrupulous men;to -the- chaste language of an eloquent Senator, as"mud- force an unnatural growth of Slavery in the country,/21s." WebelievethatGodcreatedallmenfree,and andtoblastthehopesofourownpeople,contraryto TOposedlaboruponthemfortheiradvantage. WhichwhathasheretoforebeentheunderstandingoftheHypothesissh&Bbeprovedtrue? Wewillseehere- aner1Butknowingthattheprinciplesofjasticeare uniform and eternal, I presume t o believe that those principles will prevail and human rights be maintained. Iamnetignorantofthefactthatthosewhosuppose theymayrightfullymakemerchandiseofmothersand then* children, seem to think they can shape the designs •f Providence, and re-write the history of humanity, reversing everything our fathersthought, and for the- Btatntemanceofwhich theyperiledlife and honor. I vast be pardoned for disagreeing with them, and pro- testing against such conclusions.ralliedtothededicationoftheWigwamjusterectedbythe Union Republican. Campaign Club of Flashing,Jamaica,andHempstead. ThesitecKbsenfortheyourcommand,areamplysufficientforanyonemass wouldnothaveasingle,solitarypoliticalfriend'in buildingisinanextensiveandbeautifulgroveofoak meeting. Lettnepeopleunderstandthesecanbere- theSenate. PughofOhioistheonlysupporterthatTheextensionofNegroSlaveryintotheTerritories theopinionsoftheseveralPrsidentialcandidatesre- of the United States has become a settled policy of the specting it. /Stephen A . Douglas but discharged the duty he sa- places named, and the farmersfrom roundabout, began the grove orjwoods, and fail not to erect a stand for credly owed him, h e would have gained a victory forDemocratic party. This reality cannot be disguised, and ought not to be denied. * It is easily accounted for. Unityofinterestandunityofdesirewill alwayspro-.ion, be living in the land, Said acknowledged as one of was early tilled—a fair proportion of the audience beingperpetuate their corrupt influence, and I am for standing by yoke, while, with nothing above the speaker's head, principle end taking the consequences. Ysurs truly,it is because eight millions of men control eighteen in the annals of parties,so insulting to the understand- those of the most extreine and revolutionary character. dentally, thiswas partlytrue; but the great idea which naiHione through o o r representatives elected b y a ing, until within the lifetime o f the youth who has not He could afford no assistance to any one not recognized had moved this vast people to rise in Republicanism, wastt|^pi^ittD^D^£v4r/oreign atafe upon them forthepurposeof ^ibriwithout interpretation, and, ,.. ^forcing:upon• them mstitations which they abhorred,themibrthe supportandeducation oftheisfamfli.es, to;be and m y p k ^ v 3 e mterpositaon o f Congress in tneir be .saved... ; \ ,•.:.:. ,,,..^. :•.,-*/.•,, -•. •"•£,,..>.» \ .fabric ance.in power of the party now administering tbe Fed-lancheoffire.Factoriesandworkshopsaretottering ehud,.andclosedhisears,asindeath,tocomplaintsH U L M W U S OE LCTCOM BE SUPPORTEDr in ruins, and families and neighborhoods left starving of outrage almost ^without a parallel in the civilization Slavery as fuhy as.Freedoxri; that neitlie£'lia8,'S^yari':t-' arpteed this element into^ active ppHtical life^ Theyships rot at our wharves, and storehouses become b u t prove their accusation, and to be relieved from oppres-arendezvous foridlers and vagrants,forthereason bothalikearenational.. Theother.ia/thattheCbnaci^ should^ethe---ddmmabt'pswer.s^The- speaker longedtiitipn; and the Republican party looks with coni&cleansed. Their occupants load the air with a conta- growth of freedom in Kansas, or t o t h e principles of will assign limits to sectional oligarchy, and make laborgions corruption. Throughout1 their bodies and their the Nebrasba-Kansas bill, than Stephen A* Douglas, honorable and remunerative.souls, they bear the marks of the distemper with which hehH8been able to keep himself very much -under The question, in its true aspect, is not as to whichthe aristocratic pollutionist has touched them. I risk cover. It is gratifying, however, to make a j single candidate should be elected by tne people; it is this— teen States. [Applause.] H e did not wonder that he but little in saying, that at this very hour, this mighty remark in his favor: it is this, that he seems as willing shall Mr? Lincoln be elected 7 The 1&) electoral votesnow gaw doubt and dismay about th e Custom-House ghalanx, scattered throughout the eighteen Northern from this period in his career. I am not aware that,; of the South will be^divided mainlyt if not exclusively, and other governments offices. It was not surprising>, '*as the most ardent of his friends to. divert attention,tates,havingacommon andpowerfulbondofunion, betweenMr.BellandMr.Breckinridge,andtheir,sup-are devising measures t o despoil o u r industrial in either essay oraddress, h e has ventured to recur to. port will b e almost, i f riot entirely, confined to that that myrmidons trembled, for the pageant o f freemen•...»VthDi»bict-I«AAC ORIHB.V l t b Dirfcrict-rHon- MoyxGOxaaTclasses, by confining them in densely crowdedfieldsof it; but on the contrary he seems disposed to treat it as section. Such effective force as Mr. Douglas may was moving on. While Sir Henry "Vane was ledwent, and tofix the character of die dominant institu-tion* of the country. The propriety of ree'ligibility to labor, or forcing them to enter into competition and a blank in his life. . . ? possess, is in the North; but his most sanguine friends through the streets of London, Justice was still seatedoffice, the exact relations between Federal and local companionship with ignorant and brutalized bondmen.—Judge Culver will speak this evening at the roomft While these proceedings were progressing'in the admit not' only that, his election is impoBsible, but by his side. And now we saw Integrity, Patriotism, of the Central Republican Campaign Club, No. 722They all, yes aU, have been brought to believe that the doctrines of the Declaration o f Independence are b u t stereotyped lies;thatthefoundersofthe nationhadConstitution which they framed was intended as an in- country not only o f the truth o f every thing charged, duce will be to withdraw enough strength from Mr. conceded t o the aristocracy and despotism o f the Old a handsome sheet, with well written and well selected be found in our past history, and in the fossil remains strument o f cruelty and crime, and that the fairest fea- but of existing conspiracies beyond anything that bad Lincoln to thtow the election into the \BbuBe. This World their cathedrals, temples, and.palaces; but the articles. Success to it. - «f extinct parties. It may in truth be said that old ture of free republican association is a Union of States been imagined. Tbe published evidence effectually done, and Lone would certainly be chosen hj thethingshavepassedaway,andailthingshavebecome peopledwiththelowestgradeofslaves. AmIright? revealedtheintentionsoftheSouth,andmadeadeep Senate—theconditionofpartiesintheHousebeing thoughtofhumanequalitywasexpressedinthisedi- —TheUnionSprings (Ala.)Gazettehasrenooncea new. Whatisthetroubleagainstwhichwehavetocontend? impressionupontheNorth. Itwasthenestablished suchastopreventamajorityoftheStatesagreeingtP ficemadeofroughplanks,hewnDyfreehandsand BellandEverett,andadoptedtheflagofBreckinridge*Therewasa time, notvery farback inthepast, Isitnotthesteadyinfluenceofwhatmaywithpropri- thatneitherlawnorproprietiesweretobe allowedto eitheroftnecandidates. Bastingontheseadmissions, dedicatedforitslifetimetoLiberty. [Loudapplause.] andLane. Reason: BellandEverettarenot pledged when Slavery was universally admitted to be a wrong ety be called political conspiracies to mislead the public stand in the' way o i Slavery extension; and we are for they are accepted universally, w e discover that Mr. Curtis was followed b y the Hon. LUTHHEK C .in $e> anwise in practice, detrimental to both individ- mind and taint the public heart ? Is it not an Adminis- almost driven to the conclusion that the repeal of the every vote given to Mr. Dougla s must tend to the ele- CARTER i n a brief speech. A letter was read-from to a slave code, and Breckinridge aud Lane are. ualsandcommunities,aridagainstthespiritandgenius trationblackenedwithtreachery,andcrookedandtot- MissouriRestrictionwasbutapart ofa generaland vation ofLane, who, possessing neither education, ex-Gov. King, regretting that illnesspreventedhim —TJieCincinnnati Commercial saysthattherecent of ourtree system. Now, nowever, it is declared to tering under the weight of its depravity, using all thei well-matured plan of operations, at the head of which experience, orexecutive ability, nas been selected to from being present. AB a featureof the meeting, it performance of the Hon. L. D. Campbell, in Cincin- be divine in its origin, the highest type o f human civ- patronage o f office, and all the fascinations o f position, stood the self-crowned chief o f popular Territorial enable the South to make the most bat o f an accidentilization,andmdispensibletothemaintenanceofa toutterlydestroyus,bymakingtheTerritoriesofthe Government.Mr.Douglas's'termoiofficewasnow incaseitshalloccur.'Toout-LaneLarieinapostacy. wasremarked.that,;Mr.Searing,tneAdministration nati,"wasaWhig-Republican-Dooglas-Bellspeech, democratic republic. Formerly it was regarded as a country out garrisons for the enea»ies of Freedom,-and approaching its close. It is not unlikely that a desire to the North, and in crouching, fawning subserviency; candidate defeated by the Hon. L. C. Carter in the late scatteringin substance, wearisome in length, and alike) condition to be constantly reduced, and finally to be the labor of white men degradicg and fruitless? beyond for a reelection, and a knowledge of the conviction to the South, need not be attempted by, the iribat am- Congressional contest, w a s present from first to last, damaging in its effects upon the orator, th e audience,,extinguished. Now,onthecontrary;.thedemandis thelimitsofthepresentStates? Iflaminerror, forceduponhisStatebytheexaminationalludedto, bitiousinthatline—^notevenbyaFederaloffice-holder. andwas.veryvisiblydistressedbythepungentandAdministration. 'The system ofRepublicanismwaslonger agitated; and discussions upon them are only to but a sorry conception of inalienable rights; that the consequence was such an exposure as satisfied the him; the only significant result they can possibly- pro- symbolized in the building in which they met. H e commenced at Olean, N. Y., by Mr. L* M. Gano. It iaurgedthatitshallbeextendedandmadecontrolling. Here I findthecanoeorsourceofthegreatpolitical issueofthepresent.ShallSlaverybecomeaNational institution,andagoverningpowerinthecountry,orahali it remain as the Constitution left it T This is not aninquirypropoundedbyusof the North,but forced upon us by oor brethren of the Sooth. They require an answer at onr hands, and we cannot avoid response if we would. Silenceuponour part, under the circum- stances,couldnotbeconstruedotherwisethanasaffirm-whatisthecorrect'interpretationofthepoliticaldis- inducedhimtolookwithdifferenteyesuponKan- EvenifIcouldbelievethattheleopardcouldchange earnestargumentsofhissuccessfulopponent. Ata andthecause." Thecausebythewaywasthafofernment.. "The irrepressible conflict," so frequently com-mented on and denounced by the South, i s constantlycise of such a patriotism and'comity as to forever pre- of Mr. Douglas's fame. H is admirers have acted clude us from aggression upon a section inferior to ours wisely, as it has prevented, doubtless, many unpleasant in every element o f material strength and greatness. surmises and suggestions. To that boldest, ana truest,straw, Rockland County, N. T., will dedicate their new wigwam, a building capable of seating 600 people* Theprincipaldedicatoryaddresswillbedeliveredbythere would be far more peace and harmony between the sections. I t is their full appreciation of the strug- gle for the mastery which arms them for the conflict, mad induces them to wreetie for the victory. There istions. My reason for so doing is found in the opinion erated his heroism in connection with the cause to, m f letter whicl . thatmy countncordsofthelastsixyears? sas, andcreateananxietyonhispart totake upthe his spots, and*Mr.jDouglas dotheNorthjustice, I latehourtheassemblybrokeup,allbeingwellsatisfied Ianticipatefullythatmysuggestedmodeofredresscauseofherrobbedandwretchedpeople;loan-wouldnotsustainhimunder,thecircumstanceswhichwiththeevening'ssuccessfulinaugurationofthenewBellandEveiett. . ,. ! ;-< ,-*•—TheConstitutionsaysthatitisthedesireoftheDouglas National Committee, o f Mr. Douglas, and /offorexistingabufceswillbedenouncedassectional;to notcertainlysayhowthismayhave Deen;|Ionly surroundus,andamidtheperilswhichnowen- which I answer, if it be so, the antidote to a bane may state a sudden and miraculous change came oyer viron us. . r.beabaneitself, "ximilia similibus curariiur." But him, and for a while he seemed to glory in . Ihavenotattemptedaspeech. Mypurposehasbeen its liability to the charge is denied. The real sectional- the name of " rebel." "He opposed the, ad- totalk plainly. I may. have been, unfortunate in suc- ism is arrayed against us; I do but counsel systematic mission of Kansas under the Lecompton Constitution ceeding too well in this respect. Feeling, as I do, and and persistent resistance. In studies of the fundamen- with seeming seriousness, and then announced his de- knowing the vast importance of the canvass uponWigwam. ItisproposedtoholdRepublicanmeetingstaldoctrinesofourcommoncharter,andinthedispen- terminationtovoteforthegreater iniquity,the"En-whichwearejustentering,Icouldnotbe lessdistinct in m y expressions. Immense, inappreciable conse- quencesdepend,uponthedecisionweareabouttomake; We should tremble when we fear that those most in- terested in the present andthe future, the frugal artisan and laborer, may fail to comprehend them. But let us hope, .citizens, that we are so far right as to be able to expect the favor of Almighty God throughout our trials, anathatHewillcontinue,toblessthe.Republic,until it shall become a proper example to the nations of the earth, and a blessing to universal man !(Tenn.) True Union,hasbeencompelledtoretirefrom that paper because he was unwilling to advocate thaative of their claims. I make the distinctavowal that sations of the favors of Government, we should never glish bill." It was then the honored and heroic Harris,SlaveryseekstheacquisitionofalhonrnewStates, knowaNorth,aSouth,anEast,oraWest. Mycom-. whonowsleepsindeath;'shedtearsofanguish,-analor two objects: first, to secure the value of slaves; flaint is that others act as if they thought differently, fave utterance to his despair. Over this again the vailand, second, to direct the powers of the Federal Gov- trust we shall always be able, to command the exer- as been carefully and closely drawn by the guardiansQueens County,solonga*strongholdofthe ShamDemocracy, is undergoing a rapid process of regenera-tion. The'influential and sound-principled young men election'of Breckinridge and Lane. / i there resident are lustily working on therightside— —On Friday evening the Republicans of Haver* and it is on them that the future depends.admittedandactedonbythem. Theyaretooastute Itcanneverbeotherwisethandastardlytopressupon andgreatestofallthewarriorsinthebattleforthe' as ebservos and sagRcioas a s politicians not to know the weak and sickly. right, David C. Broderick, is Mr. Douglas indebted forthere is a necessary and unending antagonism between It will b e noticed that I have spoken of the Dem- his rescue from a whirlpool which would certainly haveliberty and Slavery. I f they thought differently, ocratic party without reference to its present distrac- engulfed him—from a stain which would have oblit-—The Detroit Wide-Awakes, being now in full DEDICATIONOFTHEQUEENSCOUNTYwillhenumerousandlarge,webegleavetoofferaonMondayevening,turningoutwith200members* took.C>LYI entertain that these dissensions do not affect issues; as neither branch indicates a disposition to meet, fairly and openly, the great political problem o f the times.which he has so ostentatiously professed to devote him- self. I withhold- the words in which the scathing re- buke was clothed. And yet this noblest and most self-WIGWAM:SPEECHES'BY HORACE GREELEY, G E N . NYE, GEO. WM.; CURTIS, AND OTHERS.few suggestions on the subject:I. Do not fb* the day for your meeting and then lookThe display is said to have been the best of the kind ever seen in Detroit. A glee club accompanied themr and several well-known Republicans were serenaded,' ludihdoisedrte tcard grecbtmian. H e ^lMpudiat< it.-Btuce, tie pe obscureiian-v ififtinnedtbattl continue if ti|.TWhodesire hivestaediquestion.—The Loni -tiiystba, inhorse th£t he t)rnoutofhi SaimaL Luc—Thefolio the edit<r of »ind the mate will acceptJToVie Ejirc-cjtDEARSIU-P-6hadrick; bd| ra ring fight,totenthoueai .monthsfromi ebc feet two«^IfMr . Hee I propose tfca and tonns. opI willder, Mr. H . com ever onethoi. * —Euwiu Bj married Si w\• whom The.''MissDef :beautiful.iaMtresses of tie ,calcareerint Troy MtuH-anmold of form father at thai4 andkeepicK now a lae^rj hencetohot talentsweraf;soordinaryd formedat&il|—Among tl inent was MiJ theoldestlii. hisninetyf<d ,]>odilyaudmJ4- —The Melso more evident fact than this, that the advocates of In casting our votes, we should be accurately informed sacrificing of men, Mr. Douglas's protector, the martyrSlavery seek its extension so as to limit the influence as to their effect upon the policy we desireto see estab- to truth, who, in the fullness of nis heart and on theofthesentimentof Freedom. Wehatetyranny,and lished. Weshould notbemadeinstruments inthe dyingcouch,exclaimed, "Theyhave killedme,they•wouldpreventsuchaeonsunrmatiori. Theyaskthat handsofanyambitiousman,orinthehandsofany "havemurderedme,becauseI.wasopposedtotheex-up your speakers-—they will already, perhaps, haveOnTuesdayevening theRepublicansofoldQaeens beenengagedelsewhereforthatveryday—butsecure makingstirringspeechesinresponse."tensionofSlaveryandacorruptAdministration," [ upon his return home, and in the hour of his sternest trial,whenfighting,likeSpartacus,uponhisbended knees,againstthepensionedhordesofthepresent dynasty,andatatimewhenhehadarighttoexpect allpossibleaid.fromthemanwhoseinteresthenad—TheNashvilleUnionandAmericansays: ."If Mr. Douglas should be elected President, h eConstitutionoftheUnitedStates,andinpalpablevio-lationofwhathasbeenregardedasettled,nationalpolicy. It should be a matter of stinging regret to us, made his own; found all the sympathies of Mr. Douglas if from our bearing in the present contest we could befairlychargedhereafterwithaviolationoftheprinci-pleswehavelongprofessedtocherish,orwithhavingimposed any, the slightest, impediment in the pathwayof a rational, well-grpunded, and progressive liberty.treesontheestateofBenj:W.Doughty,esq.,at Bruahville, near the Long Island Railroad. The position is quite central, about s i x miles from Flushing andliedon,anddonotloadyourbillswithanarrayof greatnamesonlytodisappointyouraudience.hehasnow,andChasetakeshisseatonthe4thof Marchnext. Mr.Bellcan'goonebetter.' Ifhe should b e elected President, h e will have Senator Kennedy of Maryland to aid his administration. M r .The all-absorbinfi: question now presented to the who had reason to exclaim, "Save me from myAfter sunset the grove w as tastefully illuminated trohwithChinese lanterns,and soon the residentsof the TV. If youmusthaveoutdoorgatherings,thenseekAmerican citizen, for whatwill proveto behisulti- mate decision, I have watched narrowly as it has risen into importance from year to year, and I think I knowfriends," that man was David C.Broderick. HadI am not aware that the supporters of Mr. Breckin- ridge attempt any concealment as to his designs in case ofhissuccess. Ifthey should desireto resorttopre-the foremost men in the Republic. He laid down hislife to attest'his sincerity; many who professed to lovehimwill,inwild revel aridreckless exultation,utterthename?ofhimwhocouldnotfindtimeoropportu- ofD.F.MANNISS,esq.,asPresident,audthefollow- outofsixhewi^breakdown.nity to speak a word in eulogy over the grave of the' ing minor officers: * V. Always put down upon your platform, whetherau endangered 11 Unioriwithout anribuncingthemeansbywhichitcanone cstsofthVcoTrirtry.. The.effecttlof so loB^a^utrau-posit our ballotfll One is; that the Constitutiori favors -poiBea that the love o f gain:^in/tneir sons would?have. ^$*y bf the people. ?o ; <- ,' ';. m .,•, * The demoralized condition o f lie-pepuliarJy sectional inthatregion,wherethe;laboringmanhasnorights takenuptheir,abode,intheTexritoryunder,themost existtogether,underequalprotection.untilthe"Terri- wafr-^-andit|woaldcontinuetillnextNovemberand party*nowinpower,opensthewayforaretarntdand in rags, because fostered industry is not requirea : ^ \ ^ ^ | ^ ^ ^ ^ > ^ e | & d e ^ i l ^ :pioneere, who had age over the other; that theV must traVel together and were mistaken; ^MUSUS DESCRIBED BY ONE WHO KNOWS MM. which the owner of men i s bound to respect. A n d solemn guaranties o f self-government, only asked to tory shall be clothed with State sovefeignty; "arid thatj rioJ longer FaOTlttuse]---wh Slavery o r Freedom the principles oftbose who framed the present Consti^sion. Inotherwords,theydeclaredthat"theyhad tutidritreal8Slaveryas;alocalmunicipalinstitution; fortheprevalenceofthektter,foritsenjoymentby *deucetotbebodyofelectorsintheUnitedStatesfora SPEECHOF thatuncompensatedchattelsinewsyieldfruitsmore neverbeenabletoenjoy"[self-government,tbatthey doesnotgivetoitasingleattributeof riatibnali|s|piat ;himselfan4hiechildren..Thiswishwassaidtobe deciflipnwhichwilldemonstratetheirloveforthehy cheaply than compensated skill, and require no shield were ruled by invaders, arid demanded the sovereignty it has riot an equalxte&s.'witfr dangerous to the prosperity of: the land. Mr. Keitt, teresteoftbenation, and for its mimitableO>nstitatiPtt»THE HON. JOHN ffi^KMAN. againstlirepauperproductsofEurope. Ifachangeof conferredbylawupon,t*em. Mr.;Douglas-800013 extensionistobediscouraged. Howshallweact|be- in a strange letter, affirms it to be,jand calls Jtten<>fMarylandfonwhichsidewillyoubefoundI MHimxrcdin.ConcertHall,Philadelphia,onTuesdaytarifflawswererequiredbytheSonthinsteadofthehavebeenthefirstmanto>fly,to(their/relief;andifhe-tweentheseopposingviews7Ianswertheinquiry!upontheSouth'-"toseethatitprovesso,fTf,ycg*$!*8 toassistinelectingAbraham.LincolftNorth,theycouldnotfailof its^accomplishment. In hadbe^nascompletelydedicated to the'principlesof Ourlaboringclassesdeservealltheencouragementand in 'i^M^^^-^^^'^'^ Xriieoni.. South totne^residentialcuair,andconsequentlyrestoreths Evening, July 24,i860. thatcase,thePresidentwould-advocateit withardor, 'hisbillassomewouldmakeus.believe,hewouldhave protection wecan givetheni;SouthernstatesmenH^$Carplina oniee^tried to diBBolve'the Union with Governmenttojtsprimitivevigorandintegrity: tore- • . . . . . • . :.• \ if notwith sincerity, and our Senatorswould again urgedinve8tigatioriaridcarriedit. Sofarfromhaving gardthemuawhiteslaves;letusriotsurrenderthem;;|oi> aTharr>l of molassca [laughter], Wfc Gen, Jackson establishthe prindpka:Pfthe founders^the Repue- Mx.PJUESIDXSTAsvGrjrrx.xxx.v-.Theintelligentillustratethefactofthen*trucklingsubjectiontothosedoneso,heputhimselfintheleadofthoseSenatorssuchinerciesasthe'ownersofchattellaborwouldex^sooriiprovedwhatherdbt^rmiiuitionandpowerwerehe;toallaysectionalanimosity,andinduceaneraofrwhosecretlyabhorthen-basenessandinfidelity.Gar mosthostiletoan'exposition,andbecamethemere tendtothem.Ourfarmersandmanufacturershavelong worth.';/The'thjr^iWas^^B^roly:putforthW^f" economy,purity,andpolmwalharmony1 > >toconferringnewleasesofoffice uponsuchasdeceivepowerfulandthoroughlydisciplinedandguardedcity, electedbod.Vjwithperfectauthoritytoenactthemost m.the,profession ofitandalmostmonopolizingits- November..[Cheers.] ; ,U8j to afford them, further opportunities for mis-chief. Does this seem unaccountable ? I suggestno,in.viewofthetruthIhavebutjuststated,thatthe party selecting them h a s i t s heart and brainintheSouth,anditsobeyingmembers,merely,intheNorth.Theremedyforthisshamelessevilisaseasyasit is simple. We need but imitate the example set usby those who have caused this condition o f things.Concordandinflexibilityofpurposewillaccomplishallwe ask. Nothing else, ever can or ever will. W emight as well expect a divided and discordant army,marshaled under opposing, generals, t o capture t h e cerned that the"; Territorial Legislature was a legally- forts. Democracy, as now interpretedby those loudest work as young men should, from now tfll t h e 2 d o f Organizations o f tbe ^Republican party for the pres-conclusive upon the point I have "stated. In that paperhecouldfindnothingtosayagainstforeignconspira- 'theStatesstandsbehindimpregnabledefenses;butitconquer. [Applausej One" victory for Freedom would' whom t h e Convention a t Chicago- have proposed as.ourselves from further imputations. Slavery withinbe, the panacea that Douglas and others had vainly at-ciestoinvadethesoilofKansasandcontrolelections, holds.nochartertotrayelwithoutrestraint. Ithas temptedtodiscover. ernmentinitsoriginalintegrity1 Tberesultoftheout he had much to offer in condemnation lof east- long labored for, but has not yetreacned, a position of \ Tne speaker was authorized, in the name'of the Re- j present election will enure either for good or for evil-<- ern aefiociations to encourage removal Tthither. absolutism. It grasps for empire, as it is the only publicans."of Queens County^; to dedicate the wigwam to the reeetablishment of those principles by whichHe could discover no .irregularities inthe meansbywWchtyrannycanever,saveitself.Our inwhichtheywereassembled,tothe.holycauseof: manmaygovernhimself—oritwillrapidlyadvanceus return of,Mr. Whitfield, the Pro-Slavery Delegat- dangeris imminent, but we canyetfpyercome it, if we upon that downward road in which every former Re- to the House of'Representatives, o u t h e clearly dis- allow reason; rather than prejudice, to shape our ef- Liberty. He appealed t o t h e young men present to' public haapiet its destruction. *cruel arid arbitrary slave codes, arid that, the complaints offraudandibrce weregotten'upmerely'tostimulate and excite Northern emigration. At the trine ofwhichentcanvassaregoingforwardspiritedlyinfiveotheV Southern States, and we strongly recommend similar organizations to our friends in MaryLand*name, no longer means the will of the majority; it con*,temns the masses; holds no association with labor; aridutters no word of encouragement to the poor. Its pro-feeeionsareimpostures,andmastsoonfailtodeceive. lieshouldbebriefin*hisremarks. Hispredecessor eralresultofthecomingelection,wedeemitofhiglt It has become worse than the ally of Slavery—itjis its; was always nigh tpthepublic heart. And yet he*coold importance to bring put our greatest strength; and wa pliant and prostituted tool. Wisdom, and propriety not refrain from adding bis voice to the gratulations of therefore caution all friends of: tne cause against sup* must alike repudiate it, unless speedily regenerated. : the occasion. Here, under the free heavens, with the porting or affiliating with any other party; and urge-Our true policy ia that;'of .resistance' to the extrava-' free air breathing o n a l l ; free men a n d women upon tnem the direct and unwavering support of t o o garitandunconstitutional'demandsoftheSout^^We'dedicatedthatwigwam,inthe"name;ofFree-"undermentionedRepublicanticket.business, we are instructed to believe, is compounding Senator, who never have fully understood, or w h o can only make it effectual in one way—by the support On behalf of tbe Republican State Executive Committee. politicswithperfidy,itwillbeimpossibletorenderour haveforgottenthistarnishedpageinhishistory.If ofMr.Lincoln.Heishonestandcapable,andattached..doriai. Inthishesaw.butajpremoriitiori,ofthe WILLIAMECOALE,CbmirmMu* conditionbetterthanitis. Theseleperyardsmostbe therehaseverbeenamoredeterminedfoe'tothe totheprinciplesoftheConstitution,and.hiselection future,granderdedication. Heforesawtheopening RepublicanElectorsforPresidentandVice-PresidenUas for Northern rights and Northern honor to be sus-tained by men in the pay and keeping o f those whowould weaken and reduce us. In the ordinary busi-nessoflifewenevertrustthe,faithlessanddishonest; Ispeak,therewasnooneinCongressorputof-Con-GEO. WMI CUKTIS was the next speaker.that at so late an hour, and after wbat had been said,that he cannot, carry over two or three States. T h e body of the Northern vote will be given t o Mr. Lin- coln. Mr.Douglas's supporters can donothingforIII. Have your meetings, if possible, indoors. O n eenemyandanoffcast. Ifwewouldrespectthemeinory Hempstead,andfourfromJamaica.TheWigwam indoormeeting,evenifpacked,isworthhalfadozen Crittenden'stermexpiresonthe4thofMarch.Allextended to his opponents, and nimself treated as a nofBroderick,wecanneversupport'Douglas;itwouldbe a mark of baseness and servility.. If ever there was a true son of the North, inhumanly broken in spirit, anditself is admirably adapted for public meetings, accom- modating an audience of 1,000 people. Joutdoor noisygatherings. Theformeriscompara- lonelyanddrear/' .\—A letter from the Hon. D . S. Dickinson, addressed to a' resident of Jamaica, L. I., is published by The Farmer ofthatplace,asfollows:'" BrXGHAXTO*, July 12,1860., " DKAK SIR: I Bee n o way for tjbe National Democracy b n t FreedominCalifornia,andwouldto-day,inmyopin- toarriveinlargenumbers.Aminiaturecannoncloseby yourspeakers,andcoverthatstandwithboards,and tosupportBreckinridge. TbepartybaafallenintotbebandsofCOMMITTEE OF MARYLAND. BAL TIMORE, July 19,professors. It teaches that the Northern men are cow, whetherthehonesty, intelligence, and unmixed blood which' concerned them. And I very well remember the country at large. A negro population is here at The Executive Committee of the Republican party 'ardly,andthattheirambitionislinkedwithavarice; oftheoffspringofjNorthernmotherscaneveraccept whenthe^nameofCol.Forney wasmentioned tbeNorth,broughtsolelybyslave-traders,through oftbeStateofMaryland,insubmittingtoyouanElec- andunfortunatelyforusithasargumentstofortifyits anexcuseforthosewhowouldendeavortofasten inconnectionwiththeofficehenowoccupies,andhis thedemandcreated byslave-buyers; thefree toralticketforPresidentandVice-President,deemita faith. Inhalfacentoryitmaynotbecreditedthat sucharuleruponus. Butwemaycongratulatepur- fatewastob.edecided,howdiligently"thegreatad- American people never introduced it..If Slav- properoccasiontopresentabriefaddress,inexplana-—The Charleston (S. 0.) News has " of late, person- onally and through the newspapers, observed with careful scrutiny the steady progress and growing as cendencyofBlackRepublicanismintheNorthern cities. IthasbeenverymarkedinNewYorkand Philadelphia. Not only have Northern politiciansSlave-1860.party pledged t o interests adverse t o ours.ry educates its statesmen in a high school under able .yet reached his majority. I appeal to you to know by the propogandiBts as orthodox upon all questions one of concern for those broad territories belonging to To the People *tf Maryland.*leesthanadozenmen,trained^underthesecircumstan- selvesthatevenofficialzealcanperceivenochancefor vocateofPopular Sovereignty" labored forhis de- ery should he abolished, there would be no in- tionanddefenseoftheirprinciplesandobjects.ces, so alarmed a Pennsylvania President as to induce Mr. Breckinridge's election. If there had ever been feat; every devotee of Mr. Douglas voting aeflinst him flux of Southern negroes upon us. Normally, they We accept the action of the Chicago Convention in come to treat with, sneers the threats from the South him to recast a Message, violate the plighted faith upon any, the recent stump speech of Mr. Buchanan would with one exception. Mr. Morris of Illinois, ia whom afiect warm countries, and, were it not for Slavery, proposing Abraham Lincolaand Hannibal Hamb'n for of political disruption, but Northern merchants hoot at-whichhewaselected,disgracehisnativeState,and haveeffectuallydisposedofit. Noamountofpopu- Ihaveverygreatconfidence,declinedtoVoteatall. halfourNorthernnegroeswouldstartforthetropics. theofficesofPresideptand"wee*PresidentoftbeUniteddegradethehighofficetowhichhehadthenbutrecent- laritywouldbeabletostandagainsttheencomiumsof Col.Forney,whoneverhesitatedtoadvancethefor- Thishesaidmerelyinreplytoabugbear,andwould States,avowourconfidence|in theirintelligenceand theeffortstoavertfromthemtheSoutherntrade,and! lyheenelevated. Andyetnotonlythishasbeendone suchanadvocate. Hismidnight appealcanonlybe tunesofMr.Douglas,whenbecould properly do so, passtotheconsiderationofthe political questionsof patriotism,andaffirmourbeliefthat,iftheyshouldbe toconfine ittoSouthernemporiums. Notthat theyaccountedforbysupposingthe"oldpublicfunction- waselectedinspiteofMr.Douglas. Col.Forney,I theday. TbefriendsofDouglastbougattheyhad elected,tbey-willadministertheGovernmentinstrict regard*eitherasimpracticable,buttheythinkthe a l m o s t w i t h i n o u r p r e s e n c e , b u t t h e r e p r e s e n t a t i v e s o f a r y *' w a s u n a b l e t o o b l i t e r a t e h i s a n i m o s i t i e s t o w a r d p r e s u m e w a s n o t i n d o r s e d , b y t h e 7 D e m o c r a c y w h o d i s c o v e r e d a p a n a c e a f o r t h e n a t i o n a l i l l s , v i z ; P o p a l a r a c c o r d a n c e w i t h t h e C o n s t i t u t i o n , a n d w i t h a j u s t r e -free constituencies nave been induced to lend their aid " the young gentleman of Kentucky," and that his well- swear by the peculiar institution. fObhens may choose Sovereignty. This was no new dogma; it had been gard to the rights of the several States. - . sbiow o f Southern indignation is 6nly for bullying and to force servile labor into competition with that of the known craft suggested a speech as the readiest and to forget all this, andI will not criminate them for do- promulgated by Gen. Cass in his Nicholson letter, 12 The great question to be settled in the present elec- effect. It is timo to teach them the lesson of theiri tunate miaui ,whiteman,andaSlaveStateintotbesisterhoodofleastoffensivemeansofdestruction.Suchsuggestioningso,butIpromisenevertoforgetit.Iamformyyearsago.Andafteritsauthorhadgivenhisdiscov-tionis:whetherSlaveryshallbenationalizedandex-error."Thusthinking,TlieNewsproposesaplanof •ndYerger,independencies,tothrow thebalanceofpoweragainst arethemorereasonable as it is notbeimaginedtha> friends,andagainstthosewhooppose my friends. If erytotheworld,hestoodthelowest ofthethreecan- tended over all theTerritoryofthe United States, discipline. "Lotus," it says, "refuse to givethetheir own people. Some of these are now hot only the gyved tenant of the White House should for a mo- I am wrong in this let charity he extended to me—I didates for the ensuing Presidency. It w as not leaving no portion of those vast domains where the.Isettled, and t amicable rek—A correi 2J. ill wniei having recei and sbbjtct*aunuuo&ed.the Jary d'' from natand xeiiittrred: hjand 'Other Oflijobody.j ma *as. clejwidowof1 awai:ih*re aaiiohe ia—ilsiran IiOrainCon hisnamed\ idneceenyel together. A thenreturn^ thefamily,lrespectable members o f the Douglas church, but mis* ment believe, after the investigations which have been cannot help it. . /. J>robable that the appropriator o f this doctrine would white settler can be! secure from its blasting influence,profits o f our trade to a people who persistently 'and daily strike at the very vitals o f our political rights,ejonaries among the unbelieving and outside barbarians. had; and the exposures which have been made, such or whether it shall be confined to its present limits—toI have some ol them very distinctly in my recollection, testimony as he volunteered could be otherwise than I have said alii desire to say of the representatives are any better than its inventor. If it were ever the States in which it now exists—as an institution over industrial resources, and commercial prosperity; letuaand it would be quite refreshing to hear their remarks ruinous to any course. The daring evinced by him on of the tw o Democracies. There is a preference be- plausible and worthy itVas so 12 years ago, and yet which the Federal Government has no jurisdiction.inlaudation ofPopular Sovereignty,suchastheyde- theoccasionwas onlyequaled byhis lack ofself-re- tweenthem. Theoneisoutspokenand evident;the onlyonethirdofthepeopleadopteait. Nowwehad Theassertion,eithersoignorantlyormaliciouslymade, dothattradeourfelves, and reserve itsproceedsforafed to Kansas, and in denunciation of Southern spect, and his utter disregard of the circumstances by other is concealed ancUfrjcky. Of the two I much pre- it presented to us and perverted by an addendum—the that the Republican Party proposes by force to abolish our enrichment in peace, or for our sinews in war."demands,towhichtheysuccumbedasreluctantlyasa whichhewassurrounded,andwhichshouldhavere- thrice seduced damsel to her lover, I believe it was strained him.Hirabeau who said " the presents of despotism are04 alwaysdangerous;"heshouldhaveincludedinhis Whateverconclusionsmaybedrawn astomyesti-ferMr.Breckinridge,andyet-Icannotimaginethe DredScottdecision. Theaddendummadethedogma Slaveryandelevatethenegrotoasocialequalitywich ThisadvocateofSoutherndignityalsohintsthat circumstances under whichl could be induced to sup- of Popular Sovereignty a delusion and a fraud, ijfx. the white man, we denounce as a most unfounded ac- Southern travelers should at once cease visiting ^this1port him- He asserts the Supreme, Court has decided Douglas's Southern platform was directly in the teeth. cupation. ';This party is essentially the white man's party. Its " pour their wealth on Northern emporiums andsympathies are enlisted in behalf of the^vbite race, andits fundamental object is to protect and enn6ble free Northern marts." All of which has been said a greatless really known, than Stephen A. Douglasof Illinois. branch of the Federal Government to enforce it with or any domestic institution of the Beveral States, andfor liberty. There was a strong pecuniary interest in all declares the invasion by force of any State, under what > —The Rev: Dr. Daily, who, Parson Brownlow says*thatSlaveryisanexistingconstitutional institutionin ofthetheorybywhichhewasendeavoringtowinthe remark the threat of the tyrant as well as his reward. mate of Mr. Breckinridge's character as a politician, I all our Territories, and that it is the duty of the Gov- North. W e had a fair right to believe that Mr. D. is The allegation that Southern combinations are formed can only say that my esteem for him is profound when ernment to sustain it where it thus legally exists. M r . as implacable anenemy of Freedom as he was in 1856— for the purpose of counteracting opposition extremists, brought into comparison with that which I entertain for Douglas contends that Courts have not yet so decided, at which time he urged, day by day. that we violatedpartoftheworld, andoughtholonger togo andlaasheerfalsepretense,resorted*'toasablindanda hisDemocraticcompetitor. Therearefew,ifany, butifthey,shalldoso,itwillthenbecomethedutyof tbeprinciplesofthe.jKansaa-Nebraska,bill,insending labor. OurpartyreceivesthedoctrinethattheFede- manytimesbefore;only,someho<v,thepeopleare!not -cheat. Nofearseversprungfromsuchparentage. livingmenconcerningwhommorehasbeensaid,.and allgoodcitizenstorespectthedecision,andofevery whitemenoverintotheTerritoriestopreserveabalance ralGovernmenthasnopowertointerferewithSlavery hastyincomingintothenicelittlearrangement.Slavery does not exist by legal enactment any where;itisthechilaofforce,«ndasthesentimentofthe Therearethousands,byfartoomanythousands,now promptnessandfidelity.Thisishisplatform. Ifour theslave-breedingStatesinfavoroftheextensionof {jretextsoever,tobeamongthegravestofcrimes,be- was^xpelledfromtheMethodistChurch<macebuntr"Worldisagainstit,itcannotlivewithoutthesustaining sustaininghimunderthemistakenanddelusiveidea •FederalCourthasnotalreadygivenadecisioninac-* Slavery. EverynewSlaveTerritoryenlargedthe ievipg,withthefoundersof€heRepublic^thatCongress 1Jhaadofpower. •Surroundedbyanatmosphereoffree- thatheisdirectinghiseffortstocounteracttheplansof cordancewiththenotionsofMr. Breckinridge,nophe marketandpriceofthechattels. Itwasnotinnaman has"thepowertomakeallneedful*;laws andregula- ofimpropriety'of conduct,appearsinJndiana. \Thsdon* it as necessarily unsafe; and statutory safeguards the Southern Democracy. Thisis a frightful hallucina- doubts it will do so as soon as the questionshall be nature to withstand such a temptation. Mr. Greeley tions respecting the Territories belonging to the United Chicago Press and Tribune says:and defenses become necessary. Vassalage and sub- tion, but a natural one, when we take into considera- brought distinctly before it. So at best the only point proceeded at some length, reviewing the inconsistencies States,", and that Slavery should be confined to the " The morals of the Democracy are mending. O njection sever Impress themselves, without violence, tion, the humiliating fact that all that devotion could do of disagreement between these rival candidates is that of Mr. Douglas, and pointing out the all-pervading States in which it now exists, we'accept the propositionaponthenatwarman,while-onthecontrary,the- hasbeendone,bythosesurroundinghisperson,todis- oftimeonly. Ifinthelanguageoftheresolution poweroftheSlaveOligarchy—whichcrushesallaspi- oftheChicagoConvention—thatfreedom"isthenor- Wednesdaynightlast,afterthetorchlightprocessioatort a true record, and to stamp a counterfeit character adopted by the Convention placing Mr.|Douglas in of the Douglas Democracy at Indianapolis, the i2et>- wsiffiiftiilhT•ffmsffommostforeverdisturbthesubjects forhimonthepublicmind. Viewinghimasoneof nomination,andjustpartlyquoted,itbecomeatheduty rantswhowillnotstooptobeitsservitors,andsuborns malconditionoftheTerritories,"andthatitisboth Wf*P^Tt ">eDemocraticcandidateforCongressinmma-3fhm South, to be safe, must*there- the most unsafe and treacherous of leaders, you will of all good citizens to respect, and of every branch of the Federal Government to its designs. He concluded, the right aud dutv of Congress to exclude Slavery the Hid District, undertook to address the meeting, thobughandbeyondallthecountervailing pardonmecertainstatementswhichitnowseems theFederal;Government toenforce,ajudicialde- amidtheapplauseofthemeeting,withaprediction therefrombypositivelegislation. butwashissedfromtheplatformandnotallowedto> ,<wfcxcfilh^ettOanni^a, consequent!/, necessaryshouldbemade,andthecorrectnessofwhich, cision determining theconstitutional existenceof tbatanAdministrationwouldnow beelected,whose Thatthewhitelaborermayhavealltheencourage- speak. Mr.Ryan,themanwhointroducedhimtoth«* j0Urfiromssrpossessions must be captured. But a s the I presume, will not be impugned. I have notyetfor- Slavery in our Territoriee, what becomes of tbat other patronage should be, at least, as much on the side o f ment and protection whioh may be proper to extend to audience, announced him a s *the man ivlio was ex~ fehWaflw^kneMoftheSoothanotequaltothisI , .„ theoryofMr.Douglas/thatnomatterwhattheStir treedomasofSlavery,andwhose,revenuepolicy him,weareinfavorofaHomesteadlaw,thatwillse- veiled,froma,vileandcorruptchurchonaccountof'.SskTS&iTresortedtotosupplytheneededassist- gottenwhen,inthewmterof1855-6",daringthefirstpreme-'Courtmaydecide,Slaverymaybeexcluded wouldenableustodecrease,notenlarge,thenational curefreehomestotheactualsettlers;andthatthehispolitics."' :^vi c--The two delegates from Virginia tothe DemocraticNational Convention who staid and voted for DouglasS2* fcnon whoflTcaathisbemoreadvantageoaidy1sostsouoftheThirty-fourthCongress,theresidentsoffromaTerritorybyunfriendlylegislation? ? Idebtintimeofpeace.,„ ; '-.•>•..'.;••••'•';..% '}<•'•'• laborofourcitizensmaybeencouragedandprotectedWB*W«N» —w .., " S K I ^- o . _-y iwasseverating that the cardinal principles of theThose advocating the claimsof Mr. Bell would please I Gen. JAMES W. NYE was received with cheers. ; ItThey wmposetm} I was supposed, he-said, that the acme of human prog- Ifrom foreign competition^ we advocate such a judicious duty upon imports as will provide a n adequate rev- enue for the support o f the General Government, andtliat fraud and vmleni^^Dco«todm theKansas act had bet>n wantonly and wickedly I 1were Mr. L . M.Y ost and Mr. S . H. Moffett. They ittVadedTl^ir h<w* end fcsi- j party of extreme /Vth. They stand upon a Conetitu-1 rees w a s reached, when onx fyheiB OBtablj&hed tbe J Wguitaneoualy 4eyelop and foster the jjjdus^riai iater- ] have published a long n^aniXesto, 4e/e$djsg their;seawww.fultonhistory.comUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069»..':- g y l ^ w L ^M^^^^^m^m»^^^^^0^^^^•*•f+**f/»**en*/HZts)».s .'-j.,....,.of tbe great nationaktemple of liberty, supported by its , thirty-tiirBe columns, lit>with • as pure a brilliancy as that which illuminated ,tb.e ancient edifice of the thir-FOB THK STATE AT LARGE. Hon WM.L.MAB8HALL, Dr. GEOBOE HARRIS.I«t District—D. T . OKXK.lid DLtrict—WM. PrxoorEY Evurcr.Hid Di«trict~FKA»ci8 8 . COKKRAN. lVtb Di»trict--GBOJiG« EDWARD WISS.' 'tively easy and the latter difficult for a speaker to con-blazed-away for Lincoln and Hamlin. The Wigwam with nothing else. Canvas absorbs and deadens the gamblera and tricksters. T o get up a funion ticket would only•• PIBRPONT POTTER, esq. D. 8. DICKINSOH?* —Gov. Barstow ofWisconsin, agentlemanpromi- nentlyconnected,webelieve,withthegreatrailrdadtMr.Douglas. Accordingtotheex-Goyernoritiamen. He? stands upon no single democratic sentiment, of the Pacific, where no ingratitude can longer wound Secretaries—B. I. Doughty, R. Willetts, H . Whittaker. .VI. Consume as little time as possible in prelimina-unless, indeed, what were regarded b y a ll statesmen him, relieved from the warfare between heartless fac- After a prayer by the Rev. Mr. BACKUS, HORACE ries, i n marching and counter-marching. G e t your the Empire State by a large majority. AH the Demo>dnceaperfectconcentrationofstrength. Thefortunes varication,theyhaveplaceditentirelywithouttneirof the South have, become completely identified with power by the frankness and boldness, and, I had almosttheir peculiar domestic relations. B y their harmony said, the recklessness of their declarations. H e has departedvotary. Iriscribe the name of Broderick in Vice-PretidenU—Gen. 'Wm. McDonald, H on. Luther C. in or out of doors, a piece of coarse carpet to stand. they have been enabled to govera.the Democratic par- been put forth prominently, alike in speech and plat- fiery characters upon your banners—he was your Carter, H. R. Dunham, B . T . Kiasam, o f Flushing; Hon. Johnty, and, thus fax, to govern the country through the form, asthe Achilles of the armies of the South, and as champion—and you at least can afford to do himjus- A. King, J. Herriman, B.-W. Doughty, O. O. Ditmars, of Ja- upon. Never cover'withoil-cloth, unless you expect intelligence to The Chicago Times, the home organ ofagencyofthatparty. Thevitalforceofthatorganiza-tionbeingintheSouth,andSlaverypropagandismre-garded there as a necessity, i t cannot b e consideredatrange that the influence of the party should be so di-theaetermihedfoeoffreesoil,freespeech,andfree tice. Herestsinpeaceonthehightsoftheproudcity maica;w.L.Lang,R.Cornell,"W;Treadwell,W.P.Rogers, yourBpeakertobelifelessanddull. ofHempstead.within the last fifteen years as the pretentious heresies tions, and where his ashes will remain an eternal me-GREELEY was introduced as the first Speaker.', < procession upon t h e ground with dispatch, and pro- Mr. GREELEY said that,. a« in former contests, ceed at once to the business of the meeting.rected as to fortify doctrines most congenial to the sup-• posed welfare of those who direct its machinery. T o of John C. Calhoun can be so regarded. He so reads mento of his faith and his confidence in the ultimatecrate of the city, and many hundreds beside, are unhVaaanyithasseemedunaccountablethatExecutiveaction thfeteachingsofthesagesofthepast,andtheirprimary triumphofadown-troddenhumanity.ing on theticket bearing thenamesof Douglasand!questionscoiicerningthecondition of theAfricanrace,and Legislative and Judicial proceedings should be so law, as to make it fruitless to attempt an exclusion of These references have been made for a single pur- held a prominent position in the present political cam- VII. Remember, your.'speakers, especially the more Johnson. Thirty thousand majority is pledged'by. shaped, from year to year, as to strengthen the few at his peculiar and favorite institution from the organized pose—to satiefy, if donbts exist, that in the great strug- paign. People protested against this agitation, but it prominent ones, have families to support. Their time the leaders of the influential bodies for the candidatestheexpenseofthegreatmassofourpeople. Letit Territories,andsoastomakeitindispensablethat glebetweentheSouthandtheNorth,tosecurethe wouldstilloccur,andfromextremelynaturalcauses. isvaluable,anditcoststhemmoneytotravelonrail-s o longer b e regarded as a marvel or a mystery; t h e Congresses, Courts, and Presidents, should exercise all long lost equality of the latter, Mr. Douglas i s against of the National Democratic party in the great metropo-responsibility of it rests with those Northern men in their ingenuity and all their powers to fortify and sus- «ns. Should more recent evidences be demanded, then Here among us were 4,000,000 of negroes—an alien roads and stay at hotels. "Thou shalt not muzzle the" lis. And in the other sections of the State, the feeling'whom we have reposed our confidence and clothe! tain it there. Legislative action is to be invoked, judi- let an examination be made of The Congressional race, whose condition was a standing contradiction to mouth of the ox that treadeth out the corn."is quite as hearty, and the' action quite as unanimous.Ex-Governor Barstow w a s repeatedly told, while inwith the garment of authority. Examine the recorded cial decrees had, executive fiats pronounced, navies Globe containing the ballots for Speaker and Clerk the principles evolved in the Declaration of Independ- equipped, and armies marshaled, to exclude forever ev-. during the last session o f the'House o f the Representa- ence. I f any o f his audience were to have in his own votes in your National Congress, and there learn why. ery settler therefrom who will not bow down before the tives. Ascertain what the action of the Illinois, body a foreign substance, it would be a perpetualA little timely attention to these hints will be found of much importance in tbe getting up and conductingNew-York, by those who know the condition of things Jit,isthatNortherncapitalandlaborareconstantly blackgodofbisidolatrousworship. Iappealtoyou, Western,andNorth-WeBternDemocracywasduring causeofinflammation;justsowiththisdisturbing ofmeetingsinthecampaignuponwhichwehaveen- best,thatinnoeventwillDouglasfailoftheelectoralborne down by the enormous weight of Southern ex- freemen, to know whetherthisistheDemocracy ofJef- the protracted contest for anorganization. Every vote element foreign to the idea of our nationality; The tered.action. When your reasonable requests are de-ferson,Madison,Monroe,andJackson.Iappealtoyou, thatMr.Douglascouldinfluence was invariably.cast Republicanpartywassaidtobebasedonexcessive- vied, I tell you, with earnestness a n d emphasis, freemen,to know whether you have ever found anything for such candidates as the South presented, iucluding consideration for the good o f the African race. Inci- ADDRESS OP THE REPUBLICAN EXECUTIVE please take notice. .;ladies. At 8 o'clock, the meeting was called to order byMr.L.F.Pratt,andorganized bytheappointmenthisvoicewillwasteintheairabove, andinfivecases••'.••U.'V'rSH e saidthereinatleastonceaweekduringthecampaign. Ere hisfriendstoelectMr.Lincoln, ratherthanallowMr*long a political ".barbecue" will be given in the sur- rounding grove, and it will undoubtedly be a novel and largely-attended affair. VPOLITICAL.Prof. Fowler of Poughkeepsie.HINTS AS TO POLITICAL MEETINGS.As the time is approaching when political gatherings force and excellent condition, made their first paradeyourspeakersfirst.Letthemfixtheday.II. Two prominent speakers, with the local aid at1:•fproperandfitpersonstoadministertheFederalGov-In view of the moral certainty of victory in the gefl-Breckinridge to triumph. * ,. f.i% —Mr. J. C. Carrigan, late editor of The ShelbyvUUbriberies in that State, has juit gone home from New* York. On his way he communicated some interesting" conceded in New-York City that Douglas will carry!t' voteofNew-York." Allpersons interested will•11•MMB L A I R .m  