 i ~~presentproportionsanddimensi<msofsteamengines,TOL. X.—KO. 2893LiSb^ Ueto-ltrflc Wm$. IN SW-YORK, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 28, 1800.PRICE TWOIbNTS.I 1110106IWtCglCalent Fmx«8 at Cluulestm*iVACUATlON OF FORT MOULTRIE.dkatt the nrwipaper e«UbUBliiBent», impatlenUy wait-advices ^ei« received from the War Office, was read andappiwed.OlS WA8U1N6T0N DISPATCHES.ries to provide for the TenitorUI Ctovemmeot of Ari- zona, Ac, and taken up.IioplBg that the bead of this Dalon isay be broken,THE JAPANESE HOMEWARDTke Voyage vt ttcBatavia ta,ItwillI understand from Mr. Onio, the Delegate fromoftheextremlsisintkeStates the Gulf upon ofNiwsnmfBMH.MOTCMBtS 9i thft flMi6m- m glance of the particulari.know tha time shAti coBM,latha pragrass ef paptilattun—aat^that time Mr. OauH explained the bill Be said it was la is coming, with as much eertaloty as the revota-and the War Materiel Destroyed.ABderM»ii and bis Comi fa F«rt Sumter.that the law which was In foree in the said TerritoryStates,andby and <*r in- escape, by pwip ty %iwomiigsecure, that property will have to be transported orEapcm'i Palaoe^Tk* WreaA oMaii dw LkB>i Bhua tt iMty.GxixiBSpikedwithoutat the time of the annexatloa remain la force till hcecBMsaState.old to the Soutbei u Slave Statea01 this o»ss ol slaves shall be collected la neat num- bers In there States, ai.d the bond of Vnloa belagCHULESTOHIINS INDIfiNU^. Ii»^ Ifwi «u iMeiTid ii YuU^toB.OlSUNHmSM NWNUt TK MWTR.^%e PresMcBt anil Cafetaet in SecsivB WHU MidiUskt.THE OriMOll OF GENEKiL SCOTT.(X»(G&ESSIONAL PROCEEDL\GS.9naX Speech 9t Seaater DMUttle, •r WISCOIUiB.IVACCATION OF FORT IIOULTRIX. Cbjju38T«s,Thursday,Dec.37,3'ort UouHrie was evacuated last night. tPrevlous to tlie evacuation the guns were spiked.fte men and material to resist attack. 80 averse dottie generality of people seem to admitting the poasi-'-Idllty of a serious collision—they will not believe It until actual hostilities oceur. The great blunder or erlB* of leaving Maj. AjmisaoK without the necessary r^aferccments was everywhere denounced.VOLUNTEERS FOR CHARLESTON. Cbausstok/ 8. C, Thursday, Dec. 27.The Governor to-day has been tendered thebring cltiuns of Slaveholdlng States should make any ag- ahont thAt result than to break up this Union ofnsatra and Borneo, across the vtqn»«>iT acai^ aadso inta the China Bea,- where we eDcoootarad tkeOnly tour aoUiers were left in charge..conveyed to Fort Suater. latcMe excitement and indignation prevails.under his braveet andThe troops have allIs the ConstitutionWnoftheUidtedSlates. Anvactor Oeciaraiion making it treason to do an act which Is in—a tanve, in English like Saaa Collin- son has struck every one here Id the aoutkem part of the Empire with surprise, not onmm^ed,Th« eannoB are spiked, and it is reported that a train is laid4o blow up the fortthfltigband If He undertakes to break up the fott of the United that for some mails,Theiaetreportisdoubted.M^T Aassuoii states that he evacuated Fort so far, all is well. To-night the Commissioners haveVooltrie in order to allay the discnssion about thatMr. BisjAHiH—Butwhen, byzens of the Slate, or by tue Government of the State, fleets,«iid at the same tisu stieagtben his own po- «IIK».which he cannot confrol, he is commanded to do ayatt,Mr. Doouma said he understood the Senator toDuring«T«aing, he assured ma that he has no oiEcial Infor-jBation &om Charleston, but has reeelved a dis-^teh f^om South Caroline stating that Aassnaos With a garrison of 150 men, it could only be suc- had evacuated the fort, spiked the guns, and cessfully attacked by siege batteries and heavy ord-steam.I had another personal Interview with Rcssxixthlsharatoay and laws of the United States, several otncr among officers and men, which, in the event oftamed the carriages and other property avail-war. We were in a war with Great Britain in papers engagedable to anenemy,by Free States to deliver up such persons, but left each-section that the act of .theeofortha orolectlonof slaveiroperty, be in force in this Territory.apake of M^or Aubissos as an estimable, brave, dis- lery.Twenty-five men can take Fort Sumter, turn Its«reet officer, and expressed a trust that his orders batteries on Fort Moultrie, and drive out the garrison *on him out In his movements, although he knew without the loss of a single man on the part of the at-one, manded, llie Committeeaf the House is proceed- stitution. But they do not ask a construction put P^nsylvania, that she, by a sirnple resolution of iter and he will leave hie post with the hearty congrat-aothlng of the nature of the orders.Gen. Scon was sent for to see the Fresidentto-tacking force.The Charleston Arsenal contains fifteen thousandold muikcts that hare been rifled and proi-ided with percussion locks, and two thousaxtd rifles.of the sovereign and independentiState of South Caro- lina, which is now in rebellion against the United—FORI MOCITWE ITS BISTOBT.again,takeitintimeofpeace. ApplythedocUineto4ay, but being somewhat Indisposed, he postponed4he<Interview uutil to-morrow. He says that Ahsis- and Is now in the possession and under the control•oa had only fifty-thiee available men. and FortMoultrie cauld have .been taken in twenty-four States." feanus, with but slight loss, by five hundredmta,; and that white Fort Sumter has nothat he bad no desire to infringe la any way on therights of the states. He said ne desired to speale avoted in the negative. This proposition was for the extension of the Missouri Compromise line to the Pa-;west could be cut off from the EastFort Moultrie, at the mouth of Charleston harbor. Is named in honor of Gen. Wiixiam Mocitus, one of tgfcllnt men except AKSxaioi'i forces, he caa- the bravest patriots in the American Revolution, who gained a memorable victory at the fortress over a 1778. MouuBiI was a na- tive of South CaroliEu, and of Scottish descent He early espoused the cause of American Indepen- dence, and In March, 1776, was ordered to eoo- sliuct a fort on Sullivan Island, at the mouth ofSenator from Kentucky, which he very much regret- that he had heard of It in connection with this contro-without going tlirough you proposethe State ofaat aow be dislodged Iqr any force that can be ostCMd, While Gen. S<!0« would net, of course, expraasapositive opinion as to AKSxasoH's move, It Is evident that he regards it as a shrewd military ma- ncenvre, provided Ah>zx80!i's order»froni the Previ- dcnt sn]>port him in it.British squadron, June 28,It Is that some of the Non-Slavchnld- State of llie Gulf, that has 90,(i00 white inhabitants— later than the 7th ot November for Hong KoBg. versy. almost as many as some of the counties in the StateThe eicttement regarding it has been intense at!day, aad many will cot believe It, although its truthaannot t>e doubted. This fully corroborates what ap- One British ship was lost, and two otnern were so rid-—and Florida lay negro question, have aomittcd them to full fellowsluppeared In the Tiais, that Fort Moultrie would be bur-nouncing the PresidentA bulletin was posted in all the hotels, taken fromdled as to have alniorrt become wrecks. The loss ofthe enemy wasguilt, He knew It wasspentmake,us. Howlswander around thei ^dispatchfrom the Charleston MercuTyo&ce, headedin the Constitution he had swum tobut hepaaalyzedof Throngs peoplecrowdedthe ident, as a tiil/cn of ihi.s rommonweaith, to see thatrisk now what risk will run then when the fend of) some arms, a Free-soil mobarrival. The northeast monsoon jyit commenelng,;sesses the p<>wlegislatecarry this into effect. Mr. President, anu 1 tell the Senator from Louisiana;rana had 1 1 killed an,l -G wounded. The fortress wasand as everyone believes Ahds£S05 wouldoffices in the Army. The last-named will accept the the hre of the British squadrun, and post of .Vdjotant-General of his State.guns,againstKh*C<sn j" Tfaa-meat extravagant andnected with the abstraction of bonds. In place of;must say questions had arisen as to the construction andment has permitted to go in there, occupyits_ tary of the Navy are eoBSOlBog over the matter to-ttierefore I am unable to find out what wereBococi, resigned. They mar bold some of thefr of this claure. He believed that the Constitution lands, and permitted to tie introduced into the family tle pipes, and, no doubt, throw off sighing and re-Xio-nlgfatThe Secretary of 'Wit, tha Praiideut and the Secre-PiTTSBcauB, Penn., Thursday, Dec. 57. An immense meeting was held to-day, in the street, opposite the Court House, relative to the re- moval oi onlnance South. Gen. Wa. Rosissos pre- otliers Gen, J. K, MoxEUEAP, member of Congress from thismeetings in New-York. TheAddress,proposingaConventionofthebordershould be sUlctly construed, and he thought it the duty of the States to make provisions to faithfully cany into effect tills clause of the Constitution; but he atltuitted with equal frankaens that a m^rity ofof this that in a moment of passion and leimlon, she,the mere resolution of her oitl7,cns, excitement by declarecanresolveherselfouttl'lo tiie Confederacy,gretful whiffs, that when they get back to Niphon they Will have to resign all this luxury for a little rice and said.The Niagara sails to-morrow for Teddo, where she is ordered to remain not more than ten days,be back to Ilcng Kong about Tacs Blub.Btiam-Feioats NlAOAaA, Uhitsii Siatxs )DcL 18M. Hcau Komi, China, Friday, 28, J,atghtAnxmson'B orders.thatsheisa foreign power, and take with her the Slave States at Baltimore, meets with general ap- tire people of the United States thought Congress pos- control of the mouths of the Mississippi. I tell you,A full Cabinet meeting sat all the evening. Dis- fateheswere received frequently from Charlaataa^talaforcements will be tent.The South Carolina Commissioners assure mo that aaddng has been done at present.I am assured, upon go^ authority, that Abbirsok acted upon his own responsibility, althoueb great doobt exists regardlng'thls.The Cabinet is still in session at 12 o'clock.sided. Several speeches were delivered District.amongLouisiana w.-isadmitted, sbc would never have beenif such doctrine the 1st of December.t«t not the altering'swaTips lire fact that they possess a species of property with a of Umiisiana. They will not w iillngly consent thatoflelagrtiphcd. The general oplaioa seems to be Ikataspectaffairs, as previoasiran ^official capacity. The more probable report isaad the ^lou» bulleUM, where the dispatches were poeted,for aaathcr reasua.Th<yBOURBktac4he appearance oi the evenlnc papen;of aidtheminto Charleston harttor, an e^uitattle seltlenunt con-and theThe CoBT««ti«Hi Is IB secret session.Tk« gun-carriages are being bomt at Fort Moultrie. Is now dUlicuit to prevent the mob in Charleston fromTHE FORTS AT CHARLESTON.Cwt FosTU, with a small fore*, still remains at The Cincinnati Gazetu gives prominence to a letteroperations.Vast MooUrie.Serenl of the city laiUUry eompanies have been•rteiad outA collision Is not Kprebahle.CuausTois Thunday, Dee. 37—P. U. Tka BiilitaiT have heea «idered aut to protect Ik* aagaxlBes aad arsenals in this locality. It is re- that miiitary corps from the interior are enfrom Washington, the statements of which it vouchesConstitution so as to destroy the rights of the South and emancipate tbe slaves.I have just had ca Ixtervlaw with Capt Foem, under the command of M^or Ahsibsoh, a gallant andall domestic Institutions. He would undertake to say that no Republican expressed the desire or wish that the Gencittl Government have power to interferewhich was treason agauist the United States, the law would be void.aaw la aimmaad of 'Fort Moultrie. He says Assis- aoi baa aetad upon his own responsibiUty. Fon JIaaltrle has not been set en firs.'Capt Fenia Is stlU in command of Fort Moultrie 4vlth a few regulars.THE NEWS IN WASHINGTON.loyal officer, wbo wiU doubtless make the best defenceof which the plane is cap^ible.The adjacent bulWlrgs will furnish concealinentand protection for an attacking force until tbey arrive at the walls of the fortEiperltnccd military men. well acquainted with the position, siiy that a force of 2S0 mm, by an attack, skillfully plaaced ami executed, can take the place, with tlie present garrisoii, with a loss of from three to five men on the side of the assailants, and perhaps double that number of the parrison.steamer at Erie, Penn., by Chlef-EBglneer Ishiuwooband others, to test steam expaasiveness, are still con-tinued, and are likely to prove most important Re- with Slavery in the States. He knew there was a (Laughter.) But I say the Constitution of the Umtedwicked and style, here on their own uupilyingfield of plunder, and liencelorward Xr. Bull mast haul in his horns.From the time of the first coming of the atUad expedition to China, there has been a jeaknia aad unhappy state of affairs existing on both which is supposed to have very seriously impthe success and prestige of the expediitiaa, IStatesIt;and whan the wtMleBut this is not the worst view of the case. Fort Sumter is built ia the water, one thousand yards TheproceedingsoftheHouseandSenatewere from"theland. Itcanonlybeattacked,therefore, liokm up by the news from Ch^Icston, from water-oraft It is just finlsbed, and is one of the mounted with 32-\Slavery anywhere on earth.Mr. CuBOMAir, of North Carolina, (Dcm., saH heWuBiirsmx, Thursday,Dec. t7.stratedtherein. The effect will be to overturn theon land and sea. Even where the troops are aot hadseenItpublishedthattheSenatorfromNew- mere motion canasr;einblc in Conventiona inthefield,butingarrison,astheyarekaeatcompletelyaad soon after its reeeptioa they adjourned.reduce thefr great pecuniarybtilk, weightmoment to the whole eco-an excited multitude eager to catch On 'Change, In thettreet,|for the Tnrltorlal Oorernment IB LumhciB and be held InIVtosararr«M HaafKaas.wme thronged byia hotela and bar-rooma, the exciting aewa was theIt was a there.tome of these Bute, shall become so preponderatingandIsaomecases'ofexcitingdiscos- The motiTes for the act—the aathorltTion which M»). AssxisoH probably acted— anl the results llkelT IB flow from the moTcment, were earnestly caavassed. All sorts of rumors were current Some said It was hamillatlnK—this sunendeiing a fort of the United or before even a sumiaona fromtheeaeaiytodoso. Otherspraisedthestrategic skillwhichstoleamarchonthethreateningCaroll-iItaplc of remark aien.In,a firing gun,insurrection. It Is because they believe, if this bondw ere brikrn, the arm of the Gorermneat could stiesigno Icngcr be taottgbt to bear to secure peace and safe-desire bond should be thfFr^iaratloaaJapanfbrthe VLuoupOaaservices of troops from Georgia, Alabama,and dif-Republicans, or nearly all,arevrilUngtoguaranteefer that the ConstttationnothingestabUshesthatSlavery men iadone. The Constitution of the United States, asadopted by the original thlneen States, Is the suprememay be here to-monow,PRESIDENT BUCHANAN AND THE SOUTH CAROLINA COMMISSIONERS.this is accepted, they will charge upon the South a determination not to compromise.tke A long debate arose In the Senate, to-day, growing should annex Canada, the Coitstltutlon had no power Ueason against either, or against both, within tuelr stump of her mizzenmast left standing. Two orcember 26:provision to recognise property in man, claiming that He ssld the Senator from Tennessee (Nicaouos) i< «t»olutely null and void, if the State shall step rich marine for the ttordes of under the act of ISiO, when that Territory and New- had said there was great alarm at the South from be)ond the Constitution of the United States, which placerosity and crowds which distinguished the hotels onhis of speech parternment a citizen cannot be a conflict be- placed, bytween these two Govemvents, in a position where be must,ofnecessity,beguiltyoftreasontooneortheother, and theretore tiutind to be hung any wayMr. Dooi-iTTLX—No, Sfr; he cannot for, if a Statethe avenue, they will have a betterthis was admitted, the country could not exist ninetywiththosewhocan the object of their visitopportunity materiallydays. TothisconferringtiltimatumDoouttlb'baimed. His repudiation of this doctrine is Indorsedmade the President an paying?I understand that malvisitIhisefentng^MtTthepurposeofrespects, and that, in the course of the conversation, it was distinctly intimated that they were instructed, and tcou.'d makf a demand, in the name of South Car- alinafvr the unconditional and instant surrender of thtfortscerningGovtmment to be Uft forfuture treaty.in the States ?Mr. DooLrrni then read from Mr. Liscoui'B speech-be had noHe believed he had no lawful right to do so, nor had heanyinclinatioatodoso.with the Censtitution of the Unitedcannot be made Ueason by the State, although theywhose name soundsallotkirmatters betiveen the Stats— /theyinfor- tdelrThis precipitancy is excused on the ground that Itamongurgedes, where he bad declaredpurpose, directlyattacking the forts, and that unless they are at oncesurrendered, the State authorities will be unable torestrsin the Infuriated people. Mr. Boohahah ex- politicians and rowdies, who seek plunder. A promi- pressed his readiness to rifer the demand to Congress,and as this is considered an official recognition of theCommissioners, the Secessionists are delighted that,be wasMr.DcoLiTTLB Thecitizenmustjudge,athisperil,hearty partbeen risited by a number of prominent Southern mengeneral principlea of the citi- portiongress.certain tiling, under the penalty of being hanged, and that he apprehended the Republican Party woold if that thing is Ueason under the Constitution andwith their base ofNow, tha howrvar,is taken to secure a beingfrom the were ordered en shore toen the army and keep open the commnnieatioDaand every precautionunited South when the (guestion is presented in Con-strength-forasentitledtoimplicitcredit, Thewritersays:instead of first iilm from that duress relieving" Forts Moultrie and Sumter are situated on oppo- site sides of the entrance to Charieston harbor, andif carried out wouldMr. DoourTi.x—If one of my fellow-clizens fromestablishment of all the most valuable aadcompletely cover and commandon or adjacent to the land, and dwelling-heutes and other buildings are erected close up to the walls of the fort It covers so large a surface that it cannot besuccessfully defended at all points by a garrison of less than three hundred men.The present force In command of the place consistsof two companies of which have not been re- infantryandheerulicdforthreeyears,andhavebeenreducedbyrightsornecetsarytocarrytBHoeHisatIke(awendelacatsd. Mr.Oeeums—Uaman hungif be doesdeafli and expiration of terms of sarriee, to sixty-threestrongestworksin Christendomvastlyforgery, connection with the Federal G'jvcrniuent, andjealoiu hiekatiagonea personal laterview with Gen. Scon, this of aaununition for each gun. It is covered, bomb-or did he mean that the Senator from New-York badno weight?Mr. DooLinu said the Senator from Mississippiis at work, and there is an entire want ofpound ct^nnon, and supplied withhundred roimdsofconsequencesmustfollow. IfoneStatecansecedefrom all the rest, i suppose the Senator from Louisi- check or reverse in the war, woold inevitablyjeadproof, and can only be entered by the embrasures, which an attacking force must crawl through, one man at a time, and hence two men at -one of these could defend it against five hundred.employingnance, and then could witiistand a siege of weeks, or,ther, and see how this doctrine would apply in time of whichforward this malL bymonths.and then retired to Fort Sum- The guns ol this fort command Fort Moulfrle, andperhaps,This has been surrendered to tiie State authorities,then we can have peace. HereadagainfromMr.Lisooui'sspeechestoshow liiinoliit. Fort Moultrie isSlavery;hungbybletreasuresinsucha aadIko- wonderfully rapidrcu;h manner, that when Hr. Bull showed UaCharleston harlx>r, and was engaged at tke to be admitted into tiie Union with or without Slave-surveyhardly injured byfrom the Emperor of France, or thesalesmenfender.upon the high support cause the people of whom the Federal Cc-.-cm-theyTHE NEWS IN BALTIMORE.Daltixors, Thursday, Dec. 27. States ; thai » hii,, Pennsylvania is on guard at theany State,or moment of passion, to resolve herself out of the Union and become u foreign power fThe abandonment and reported burning of Fort Federal cp.iii,!, it is herspicial dutyshould be subjected to tbc ernment ha.l built no forts, and lid not protecview than I was with thatwhich; the rilingbusiness.marts till a liU hour in the night Very many thesevciiLg the lK>nd of the I'nion ? I. they run this day, 111 i'lltsburgoImprove of the course pursued in abandoning the fort, whilst verv few condemn itproperly?Would 10 per cent, cover theuled Texas out of ihousani square miles of ti.irty,, „{0 the sen-NEW.YORK.her foriificauons, she could little in the boat line imaginable, comes ai.il aciuireJ her with all thingThe telegraphic dispatches announciog that Fort»^«n««^^^ now fa out and t'lm our own guns aeamst us. under your stem, looking like a mere feather on theL'nlon.Moultrie Lad been evacuated and dismantled by M^. A Ji J. ;!.'ii /rt-j!i llou. K,,nr. AlcK,.i-,.ir, a i., v ;'iPthat liie 1-Vee Stattsat the Nortliniust noAniasoa, was bulletlaed ysateiday abeat noos, aado funlier n l::tl*n'e, b-;t i^\ Ut-. a iltr 0! v.:e day—Territollll bu-^ines".inquirescoast, "Captain, youi'-'t; killed and wounded. The .\merl-all ourand turn themdaily,renderednot do It on his own responsibility, the move Ischanod upos the President. It has cast a gloomapon the DIaialonlsts, and some are loud in de- couraj^c of Moclt.-.ix in tMs engagement elicited resignations of Postmasters in South Carolina, who higher piinciplethe eleemosynary contributions,when t)ic battle was over, gun on the fort, but everyThe Post-office Department continues to receivepolicy, purchasedone, was still in position. The determloation andiiivtlved.Another cause of frouble waj said to he the non-first the of Louisiana, at an expense Consul, Territoryand the foit wus universal assent byas thefr reason that they are out of the Union.the great Valley of the Mlsslssiopl, and above allami the mobgreat praise,named in honor of its skillful builder and gall^int de-giveMr. Thomas, of Tennessee, hns been appointed onthings,to hold tnc mouth of that river which controlsFsrsees, Sepoys. Cooliesgenerally,^^—THE PROPOSED RE.MOVAL OF ARMS FROM ALLEGHANY ARSENAL.PIBLIC MI!1!TI!<0 IN PITT8BCB0H.diveM holiday'gear, par-take of their generous dinner, then light theb lit-resolutions wi^re adopted, aliuost unani-will of its onn, and leg), of its own, and desfre of itsshe shonici iioldthc mouths of the Mississippi, aadat 10 o'clock A.On Monday, the I'2d inst M.,hate shaku. iinjfidcnce in the people of the Fr«.eI know of anywhere ; indeed, Ipeople t-j r.M.'.e I.Siedaccd eoDsUerkble sensatlaa. Crowds gathered »Ufi;iu^i.>ii o.' tLe -hl^iaimit <:1 llie (jans i^ntU i..,'fi Atiteydesne a 'i'..ev dC(M>jj-iiation.saysthenuurteria4to,or iuthe borf'crs. 1 ,)eclare that ttiosc men at the Northin their bamboo soils. Making the land, on;The South Carolina CooimLssioners no far hare 6peec^escomplain tliat they lose a great deal by fu- bail been asserted, her people would never haveDec. 27. The House Committee of Tbirty-tbree met to- day, and had a long discussion upon Rcst's proposl- tlen reestablishing the Missouri Compromise line,necessityj>fa}>lcalforce,tqitlongerevening.'There are no newdevelopments.(Mr. Bk(.ws) recommended it Uebelleved the authorBail has was a man of sound sense, but what he (Mr. D.) ana will not deny but tnat all the rest can secede from to the most deplorable consequences. I will not,theandhisspeechIspronouncedby allable and masterly.the invasion of any State on whatever pretext ?did not the Senator quote from the speeches of the President-elect,whenhebaddeclaredoverandover again that he did not Intend or wish to Interfere withRepublicans,Why declaresthattobefreasonwhichbytheConstitution of the United States Is void and in conflict with it it U no treason, for the fundamental law of your StateWiSBiasToa, Thursday,extending it to the Pacific, etc.byalargemajority. Thepropositionrespectingthe New-MexicoEnabling.^ctwasnotreached. Itwas not Asias' proposition originally, but he voted for It, and was selected to present It to the Committee, with a recommendation from the Republican memtwrs ofty to these that States,that the free white pepulatlon Car exceeds that of Florida, and is semething over 13,000, bat that they are opposed to State taxatloa at present aad not desfrons of admlssiea.B118TOV, of Kentucky, offered conciliatory resolu- tions to-day, whlsh are regarded as plausible and fair. If pressed, they will probably pass.Upon a canvass, it apjtears that a majority of thevlsw of tMs that Minister to France said thejpresentcorrect;Gov. Hicis' refusal to convene the Maryland l,egls- lature for Disunion purposes, is generally regarded with warm approbation, and creates great dismayThearmythe Dliunionists who havemay declare it such.Mr, Bahjaws—If they declare it treason, and hangthe best autfaoiity, are office seekers, disa{>poin',edr —nent gentleman who has just seen Gov, Hicxs, says the rank and file of Maryland are true to him.ana be States,anyactwhichtheStatemaydeclare in con- flict with It is simply imconstltutional, aad null and void.Gen. Cass Is to return to Michigan in about a fort- night. Ovations are being prepared all along the route.It Is understood that Gov. Blower, of Georgia, hasStates,outside of the States, which'. If carried out would de- stroy thefr rights in the States.It was voted downjustifiesferent portions of Carolina, and many companies the repeal of the Personal Liberty bills, and unless saying that the ConsUtutlon eaters the territory ac- tion to the confrary notwithstanding, so far as itstruck on aisland, which weship's hnll was high above water, but in otkCT' re-out of GsiiM's proposition to organize Arizona imme- of its own force torepealthe law there in regard to spheres where thefr Governments are sovereign andsupreme. li Congress steps beyond the power dele- three Malay proas were prowliag and swecpii^Mexico were acquired, the laws of Mexico becamewould come when the Free Stateswouldattempt toconflict with it, it is simply unconstitutional, and null, incautious or mariner who and void, and of no effect upon any unpreparedMr. Bbsjahih, of Louisiana, (Dem.,) wished to ask may chance to anchor near their haunts, or whorather disaffected, and met in Convention at il.trt--ter. This was done -without Gen. Scon's knowledge yet, in this pl»ce, there Is not a single bayonet or a where. The full amount of bail from good parties State perfectly sovereign over its own laws. The law ford. Now, If the docfrine of the gentlem.m is forof the Slave States makes slaves property. The law of sage outside the District has been offered and refused. them The correct any of the New-England States could«radTlce. He assures me that he shall caU upon the single soldier.It is in the i»istody of an Engineer, with a few la-Europethe Fiee States does not make property. have resolved Itself out at its pleasure and gone learning that the President has placed the Niagtrt The general theory now is that Baoit acted under Ccnstiiutiou does neither. Upon the idea that tne Con- over to the enemy. Our foruesses in Boston Harbor, at his as far as he has deteiminedPresident to-morrow and Investigate the^satter. He borers, who have been engaged in mounting the artil-the advice of other parties, who connived with him stitution ebtablltfaes Slavery we cannot have peace on which we had manned, built, and filled with muni- disposal Aden,the Slavery question, and we may as well know it tions and guns, they might have withdrawn from and to remain in Hong Kong until the frigate's return, for speculation. Fi«ts is roundly censured for issuing first as last The people of the United States will surrendered to the enemy, and turned our own guns after landing the Embassy at Yeddo. Mr. WaBd'soertificates In advance, and an Investigation Is de- never content that the Constitution be so altered as upon us. This is the eonsequenc of this doctrine. But a successful to become by its own force a Slavery-extending Con- mission has been in every sensecould reduce it to a heap of ruins in 24 hours. And,ShaDgliai on the 2l8t, intending to have taken pas-O. P. Q. DI8PATCB TO TBI A880CIATIO FBI8S.WAsamsTON,Thursday,Dec.t7. The House Select Committee ob the Crisis to-upon it which wlU make it abolish Slavery in any can withdraw from the United States. She Srate or We ask let the Con- people,stiiutioo sTteannldtorays. our fsatihmeprlsy made it neither could cut off all the mail routes going across Pennsyl-vanla,andwe could not go from Virginia to New-York without going across a fcreign connfry. So, too, withif tlds doctrine is correct, we of the North-ing as rapidly as possible.ulations of all his countrymen in China.The of the station in command of Flag-officcTour squadron has gone with the steamer Hartfrni and corvette John Adams to Japan, expaetiag today rejectedproposition,liliaois, or and to make that a foreign institution. Apsilyproval from the Representatives therefrom, and has already obtained numerous signatures.Souththe FuRitive Slave law, and read to support tiie assertion. The S^utliprobablywhich has beenfew moments on what was alleged to be the causes ofespeciallynot go to New-Y'ork except by leavepart of tlie EmbassyMr, RusT'elongunder conslderatlen, by avote of 12 against 19.All the Republicans, and Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, ted to see biouglit up. It was only recentlyof Kentucky;usual form, and there was notfatng objectionable in it tloBS of the earth—whea the slave population ofin we live, tha arm of th» Mr.Blows,ofMisslssln>i,(Dem.,)movedtoadda FeceralGovernmentmaybecalledintoputdo«aMr.Deounu,ofWIscobsIb,(Rep.,)saidwehad broken,sothatthepoweroftheFederaleovarumenttaaf—and, while obtaining poesesalon of a really de- the Committee that it pass. Unless recent develop- lived together for eighty yean bi peace. Peace was can ao longer be called la, they thea hope 10 see Moial OarreapoBdaBaa af the Vew-Taffc ',:1Aislble position, rendered any occupancy of the de-mentsfromCharlestonputanendtoalleomproBlse,New-Mexico, that the statement of figures regarding the population of that Territory, atade to the Cosunit- lee, and pubUehed In the Torb, la far from beingbued on two Ideas:Immediatecmancipaslon,andailtimeoa<equeace8 one that neitharthe Federal Osr- which follow. Tbey are as anxious fw dlasoIutliM as__ JdBRBD8nsBiFansnNimuba. I ^i—Koae,CUaa,Hoaday,Out»,UaiJThe moTement might precip- itate erents, but would greatly lessen the chances oiprobablyemaieatBor (dtixens of Mon-SlaTeholdlng States should minyMexico. While I cannot believe that thoseWe (teamed aw^ fron Batavia on Use Mkserted post Imposslhle.te-«oUltlon, by givingeaald pursue which would be more to likelythronghthe Btriit ofOaspar, then npbetwau §«.^the coounander of Fort Siuntermake any aggressiea oa Slavery In the States, and tha ta the Guother, that neither the Federal Ooveraatent aor tiM purpose, Icanuet-fur my life, see wlmt course theyataot, aod enmiag tke Saa of Java, w«]aat«ipassbyalargevote.SlaveryconflictStates,Legalatoresaid that the Idea that the Constitution estab- was,one, and that of necessity gives to this Governmentof New.Mexi-Mr. Tanaini, ef Illinois, (lep.,) moved to aaMnd, cumprl the ^la(es to be wtthdrawn from the bordergresalensor aadertahe to overthrow Freedo a la theTemtoiles, If tlieee coaditlcsts were broken, thara in the Legislature of Virgmia, when speaking of thecan^t be peace. HesaU the Constitution was the supreme law of the land, and of every State, and IflostiraitoB of Slavery, that it had a magoicude of first puffs of the Northeast Monsoon, wUeh blewfresh in our teeth until our arrival here on the SSd,itgreater portion of these latter, I am informed upon or Indirectly, to Interfere with Slavery in the States. the Citizen, what advanuge w}uldjt be to him, al- however, with satisfkction on the ofMr. NicBoisoa, of Tennessee, (Dem.,) said he had sta'ed that the Republican Party had expressed a de- termination to regard the rights of Southern aaen in the but he laid down aof treason the United againstvery serious a afceu- past ppisicDS have arisen for the safety of the comfeiBed forces before Peking, and ever) man, whether sol- dier, sailor or marine, that could possibly be sparedsaysolicited from the Secretary of War, and obtained a so Increase in power that at last it woold ameikd the laws of the United States, is it possible, under the law foreign mind is relieved, and the . Engliab are b*-year's leave of absence for Col. Haibib, late Com-mandant at West Point, to go to Europe to purchaseguns and munitions of war for the State of Georgia.I receive this information from ezcclleat authority,which there Is no reason to question. The scheme if the power of the Free States Increased, and they a mob. what remedy has hefhavingis part and parcel of the mad plans of the Secession-Intendedtocarrypurposes,it would leadtoMr. BiiijAiiiB—1 am not speaking of mobs, but of the Government of a State undertaking to hang a citi- len for refusing to obey certain orders, and the Govboms there, naught was to be found, aad so Mr*to the Department state that remarkable resultsporisare developed.tion In the use and application of steam, the greatest fallacies that ever vitiated a practical art are demon-and toters of nomic worldIn spite of the past supposed perfec-Mr. NicBoisoir said the policy and principles of thetreason,by making war upon the State.Republican Party,ezUnguiahexpressedtheapprehensianthat 'SomeoneoftheSouthernStates,istakenandporta-hadoat thefrthe ultimate extinction of Slavery.Wisconsin, as,I amsorryto has been the case In say,They Intend to leave no stone ontnnied to ac-complish their purpose, and in this instance have understood It stood ready to yrotect and maintain the obey them—1 ask, what advantage it would be to readily imagine that, being thoe ontdooa in a pur-not beon procured yet, on account of the necessity for lishes or abolishes Slavery had no shadow of founda- the power to expel a State. Your right of secession however, take up your space with the war or its$300,000 being knew the meaning of the words they employed. tained from this District It will be obtained. He They recocnized the rights of Slaveholdlng States tothree-fifthsofthe whole amount— — ob- tion. The Constitution was formed by men who involves the rignt ol expulsion. Let us go a little lur- troubles, as you will find ample details in the Ckiaagowas surrounded his friends from Missouri and else- persons held to service, and made it the dutv of the IS12, and the Ncw-Kngland States, it is said, wore Our Hinister, Mr. Ward, arrived here fromaffirming or denying\the aeitation. One was Introduced the existing by;thebut Niagaralongiog States refuse to surrender criminals. He where IWe—Slavery South of it to he protected while In a rule that If a crime coromittcd was a crime for It, to get rid of ttic forclirn jurisdictionsaid It had generally been admitted as aTerritorial condition, but States formed on either side vtittiln the law of tke State to which the criminal totneGuif. We paid $34,000,000 to talic the Semi- she is to be employed in making a hydrographicalcificto get possession of tlie Keyand command the entranceI'rom here three days since, bound to Japan, wherefl'd.then he should be surrendered;not otherAise. to deliver somenolrs off rrom it, and now these 30,006 wnom people,of one of the newabout to beopened as Gen. Lke, his superior officer, declared It was no a proi>06ltion to-day. The proposition of Mr. Nsujos aside tl^e excitemetit en the and population enough to be admitted as a tstate, but we The health our Japanese passengers is bovine,work when the British fleet appearedas the people may determine, Mr. BsasTow offered negroes at an early day In the history of the country, there and settle their Territories— had hardlyoff the coast. He was auvi..\;d to abandon the fortress,toibreigntrade. of" But Mocltrib had better thnn a slaaghtcr pen,"l« the next iu order.Col. Htsbs and Capt. Dokovav, of South Carolina,and Major Watsz, of Georgia, have resigned thefrhe did not think ten men on that floor would advocate now mere resolution of hersourfiiih In his own work, and defended the fort v^ith great skill and valor, and drove away the enemy.its own law, make attempts, by pcqoleIleltitedtlie case ofVirginia refusingthe good people of the United Slates permitted to goportsilespita of salted cucumbers gone to seed,ry, sndtbeca^cof the Governor of Kentucky. He said, theythedocfrinc that a State could,what it conefIves lo be a c ime, and, by its indict- gathered together to resolve herself outmilk and all of which edible and gin-cocktails,of escape.The we have thousaeds of dollars to withment, establishw ell as oftucky said it was annoying. annoy- ofnecessityThe houorablc Senator from Ken-ing to have negroes kidnappedlitdinne, and annuyins to slaveholders that their rlave.-^ may be enticed to runaway, but there was arendition of fugitive slaves. He admitted the valid-make noreceived no encouragement as to iH^ing received in gitives, and few are reclaimed. This arises from to take possession of the been perniiltc'lSev^^lmous^, declaring loyallr/ to the Union ability President. Tbey do not apprehend an immediate North are not responsible for tliat. The Senator froni Gulf. How has it been with Texas J The Federal after a psssagi of nenriy, days Batavia,defend ourselves against all enemies of the Unionof arms under Government orders, however inoppor-told us that a fewVir.^inia (Mr. M.^pc!!) yoars ;igoVirgtiiia lost aiinually $100.0CO, anu he bellered stie lost tiie same iioit. He wruld concede ttiat, for liie saitc of argutLcnt. Vlri^iniahad about 50(t otiO slaves, wnrtli en Jjn average stat, (at least beforr; the panic.) matins JiiC.OOO.ii^u. The li.s« c.($lW),UO0 is only ojie- fcrticlh of I'ne per cent, or about one-quarter oa headIn the Bay of Iloag Kongd^recating anyintciferrnce v^ith themyself ta-'SS^ around the ship all the time, eonvtaeasde- con- iiecliou wi;h the aduiinlstration of Impor- 0. P. Q. tant (Jtpjr'nitnts of the public service, so as toCnnff ileracy.result of her annexation broughttune orploring the 'existing;A printed circular has been issued for a caucus to-Impoliticthe order might appearstateme of that,The invitation Is to members from Kentucky, Ten- in the L'liited States, Suppose the people o w 1th prospects as glorious, perhaps .iiore so, tlian 1 can be nowhere else. Hong Kong harbor is at lira*ofIn100,0011,000. Now, whenwe have made lier aof numberlessgongs onthingsmorrowgress for consultation on the affairs of the Union. jncurrcil in any oilier sf*cies of propcrtlygoo<lraised her to a position of a State iu tlds Confederacy,clangand totUu:.goesout into thetwelve fromwind and sea, splash went the anchorsliipjient:;againstthat their case will be submitted to Congress by the termination to thefr bu^lness, as tbey hare hiredo»n toget anay. This is no fault of ours, and thecontrol tiie commeice that(ioierniiient admitted Texas at a time when she hadwith the till the 4th of March.ofthemherbroken. We took her as one of the States into thisprivate (luaricrs,privilegeretainingagainsttreasury,nightof theconservative members of Con- a mill on a licllar. Thi.» is less tiian tiie rl?.nessee, North Carolina, Virgiida, Marylan^r Dela-ware. Arkansas, Missouri, New-Jersey, Pemisylvu- to look to the nla, Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Iowa.ai;cecover 'he l.iss.how small wouUi be the to preniuma looking placeis it sttaDge that such Kaoltrie created Intense excitement here and risks? prupcriythe lution, and asked for its rell'rence to the Select Cum- wl'O aie cj-lle'lauthority uf \iu Coj;i^tliu' ;on anl tbe laws o( the mittte of TLfrtcen. It was so referred, without with au anxiety you carjiot coijceive or, and tliclraeailagagainstAliohtioiiisisoiiivers are i'oing up lo-nii.'bt that this Union mav berea-iing. broken upMr. GcltES, of Mi-souri, (Dcm.,) called for the iT- ici>f r be ci inpt ikd, by lliifi !i.;ii I of t^iiijii, :> s\r-\\iiut is all our great Uwsted nationality? 1-j;ri i;i:fr f'l-^.^tlve sj.i-.i *.w.iuUt Le. a.idi !i; ria' icpiTtf.'! .'.'oai the Cootjiitiee ou X>^n.SC -siiuid iii .iiii.,-us ."U^.tcii-.c, ;aid are prayii.„ ai,il^ciitlcmcn s niioti.iies billow. Hailing your ship, the Chinamen singing out,Untitled Document/toher debts, and liie CurtieLStntrs resolve Ihtnistives into an insur other Southern is she now, in a single hour(omiwny,ac'vuntages. It lias advantaKCS of representitlon, and Mr. Wi.iiALlsuid tiie Senator was mistaken : (Gov-lywith anyThis -pecial property has specialto-day, fidelity 0/ ter tout,, auii in that view call on the Pres- CONUBB8BIONA1, PROCKBDINUS. peculiar What will ihose gcnltemcn ffaln by State. And tlie other when tliey atlempted to sun unfolded on the morning following the day of oarman kriuwn to give uid uud cumfort BFFECT OF THE CHARLESTON NEWS IN countei'-anrii ? the revolt uf any st.itrtcriltorv..Mr. OooimLX said lieha^l no objectionrccei.e no hooves Ibe i'rcrluent 10it be- piir/;c Ms Cabinet of everyany wayswm-blew a stiff breeze"fastboats"dancingaroundus to take a reef or twopublicdetriuicut at hisbands;away. Government I'adalso taken awayan.ISENATE.A nuni'ier of petiti'iiis wer<> presented.Mr. Rici, of AIiiinCM)ta, (Dcm.,) presented a icso-ttieyStates v^iU be unc'er no obllfjalious to rc-the bay, causing a considara>s'igUtNortherntujn theirlossof the State ? Let tlie bond of union be broken,aniJ siave ofpjoi:erly woiikl, jiec*-i?ity, retire froraand took taem hail levied war on the Uniled St; tes, Jtt can nobond of toesuUbnjeicotnion. whTihcehy know that, under thetheybroken. Theydesfreitupontwogroonda. Firsttoists.the act, or hung If he does not, undoubtedly so far asof the Navy Department, upon the United Staites ereignty of the several States and the right to coatrol But if as a matter of law be is compelled to do that French have* fairly out-looted them in the laoatgone BO far as to endeavor to entangle a prominent oSceraffheArmylaIhetrtfullaiuuataUa.of States to allpowersDotUmlexpressly ddegatad is to beMr.DooumasaidtheRepublicanParty,ashe ernmentoftheUnitedStateshangshimifhedoesbellowing.mayandanecesafnlaxpeiieDCeintkeBaat,h1»faa men besides the ^MBd, who are not armed. Tney are The experiments t>egun a few weeks ago, by order It was fuidansental with them to maintain the sov- he b concerned, it makes no difference. CLanghier.l means agreeable; bnt now it seems Oat tkabook published by an individual named Srooaxa which took ground that the Constitution of itself a olishcd Slavery, but it found no supporters of anyweight It was preciselyIdea that the Coiutltution of its own force establishesgress,like other fanatical thatStates,guiltyreet>jln| f States desfre to A»ompUsfa any sucnStates awl overthrow this Constitution. It was incompared to which, if ttie Federal Calon Aeuld ha hr<Aen ap, the "pestilent tnat walktttladarhaes*, and the desolation that wastethetsolatlag power,the Canstltntian contain* any tango age which wooldaboUrii Slavery In a Tenltory, it would abolish It in aState. Be then referred to the Dred Scott de-cislao, and claimed that there was nothing Is one other subject matter upon which I wish to age,in thst decision to lead any one to in- detain the Senate a few minutes, and then I have ot the Americaii clipper Intrefid, which Toaal,In any territory ;law of tke in a State law or Constitu- land, anything"atnoonday -wouldbeaUesslag. Tldsdeclarationdays.was made dfrcetly after the touthanintoa Iniurrectton, when Virklnia was startled In view ofthe future. Thereour passing within a league of tke wnek on her homeward voyage some few bobIIm •(«,In the delegated power of this Government]adgedquired from Mexico aad abolishes Mexican law andestablishes a law gnaranteelBg the right to take andhold slaves in this to-ritory. He argued that if we State in which be lives; and he may be guilty of spects she was stripped, and nothing nm"Occasional" telegraphs as follows from Wash-ington to the Philadelphia Press, under date of De- diately. Baowii, of Mississippi, attempted to Insert a Slavery It hlch had been In force a hundred years. gated by the Consututioo, to enict any law, that law around the wreck, which ne doubt has proved a"The Washington Commissioners, Messrs. OssBsamrxiL and anAHs, reached this city this eveningby the Southern mall line. Thefr arrival cause 1 verylittle excitement. Tbey have taken private quarters null, and those of the United States, recognizing slave amend the Constitution, so as to extinguish Slavery.on Franklin-avenue, where, removed from the curi- properiy, becasie effectual ; and asserting that, unless (Vhy did not the Senator from Tennessee, If he the Senator if. In his opinion, under this form of Gov- may unforttinately have come to grief on the mazcaspeechprlLClole to be the maintenance of State rights in or- der to maintain the balance of power, and denouncedwished to allay the alarm, quote Inwas tlieRepublicanPlatform,whichdeclaresanessentialof coral reef, work which embroi der the coatta iathatdangerous locality.The important intelligence of the fall of Peking,withoutablowhavinglieen struckinitsdefence, together with the flight of tlie Emperor aad tkespesks therefore, owes a double Every dtixeo,one to ttus Federal Goveriunent, and another to thepirates who the Free States, and said he apprehended the time limits the power of the States, and eaactalawla infest those waters, ever ready to spnaf like tigersput an end to the supremacythe Constitutionightin the t theoryof nature, for the Federal Goveoment to act upon the individual thus placed under aSress, to commithad hick theMr. BsKJAMis—Would hanging be voii TMr. DoouMis—The hanging wou'd be a certainty.States speaks in language clear enough that It is not in the power ot one out of ten, or of one hundred, or of all the citizens of a State, to annul an act of Con-because the Constitution of the United States ana an act in pursuance of it is a .supreme law of thit State, and binding upon every citizen of that State, and every citizen must ant at hl.s peril. Noiv if thlF doctrine is true, that a S:ate by its ownand cost—mat- York (SxVARn) had recommended the book. Did the mass of its citizens, by resolutions dissolve its the same bad blood and Senator from Wisconsin mean that this was a Canton,and if the Unioneinstftroelbye broken up. we couldlive ?this peninsula, and paid The smiill side-wheel steamer Saginaw sailedail its commerce, and discharges itseas whenshutiie off to thefrigate again,er toHe said Mr. IjCfCOUi was in favor ^if givioir the that if any sucli cloctrini- liau been understood nhita snd she willailn.lilot. 1 tell you, Sir, anyasparse population,and there were manv debtsanc'. her credit vras and impafred1 now feelin China, for the jabbering of a hnodredreally bumboatmenwhile theboard some newly-arrived Chinese fleet, tells me thatudo not remember of being mdre favorably impresaedpurchased overit—«lsoThethe Mexican war. which cost u*^ 40,000 lives ani near-State, built fortifications,paid,by ofthe evidence of as Union, and take all those fortresses, which fluid matter they consume in quantity, nieycome on shorefrom Ohio and it with Louisiana ? The Government the United peep into the shops, (where, however,town, Chineseity of the clause in the Constitutiun requiring reudi-the House Commtttee to investigate the facts con- tloru He aJiidttcd that that was one of the clauses ofthe world. Now, can it be contended hero that be- themselves of swords, hsts andownStates i?poa wise national principles of great national.".tiiid ator going out, if he ciiose, but hoped the State wo .,dlooking on to-dav, remain. Suoposc wo had paid jeoo.SWi.OOO for Cuui the port, a mite of a sampan, the frailest, prettieatTn*yknow- what tfic edcrtit a farce and a .Iclii.-ioii ?ICin'mucii :•» I'iqhih Page]iu the dialect of the wontcheepilotT" '•Ave,aye,"— allegiance;has been soen rnutr tliat the Flag-ofiicer's patience aeeau ex- this floctrine further. How is it with Florida, a little liausted, since he writes that he shall leave notaa did tlie shopkeepers In iJew.York.) allowing them- of $lS,COn,0(IO. We purchased it to obtain possession of selvFs to be amiably stared at and inspected bymade a fair nm of elevenThe only incidrat worthy of note on tUa Toy-wasbaviaghave takenin ceremoniesattendingthe returnspotthe north of Oaqwr to be BeKedere raaC Aaa little toretreat of ttie Tartarmost skillful General, Sah-ko-ldi-si5the English and French The troth population.is,thefr allies forto be first in the Emperor of China's superb aoat-terJy abusingmer palace near Peking, and for having footed thatB. has beensuit in which the EngUah have hitherto had mochever since. Onein the steamer of but to-day,overble sea, and forcing the hundred "sampans" and«: Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 