 •PARIS, Jan. 36,1900.THE N E W YORK HERALDWHOLEflETMllL FBOI BMKSUNDAY MORNING, FEBRUARY 19, 1860,ithai nothing shall affect their lntereste that if at shoulder, and then at once throwing tbe othertegover. a bill for the repeal of the usury laws beingPRICE TWO CENTS.N O . 8566.AUIIIL IT IB *&* m PotieyofEnglandandFranceinCentral Half.stating that the treaty of asmmorns was ant so of industrial occupation for the next tan yearnPrince Jerome Bonaparte, w h o ban so lately been mm m Lof the shares of thatjournal—enough to control its tone- EicitfBent in Bfat, **i a Military hence that the Times should be Austrian is but a naturalthe excitement it baa occasioned to Berlin, which has so long been tbe scene of this gentleman's exploits, to so great as almost to absorb all other interests On your sideoftbeAtlantic,wheremouckardiandpoltoeagents oftheVidocqschoolare unknown, itwillbe difficult to realise the part played by an individual like M Stieber. and tbe feeling of terror inspired by hto very name. Forby tbe mail give later newa. At Melbourne,1SO, business was somewhat brisker; brandy firm, butter inquiredfor. AtSydney,DecemberSO,brandyarmaad afurtherriseexpected.DUtA.Tbe intelligence b y th e Bombay mail of January 14,the Borusaia a n not of later date than thaw by Ibe lously as regards tbe increasing power and prosperity of Arabia. ^here at once took tbe alarm at tbethrewintotbetopofhtointendedthepeeciouaofferingsof a gold watch, shawls, dresses, lace, &c , and hired for her reception an apartment at 3,s00f. a year. But—andLet this record forever s t e a d -pearance, their breed or their qualities, it was evidently a highest personages in the nation, and so completely aufait difficultywithhimtokeeptheattentionofhtoaudienceup ofalltheirlittleweaknessesandsecretpeccadilloes,that to the "agony point." More than once symptoms of inat- they found tt impossible to do without him. Nobody can tention prevailed, and occasionally there were murmurs»_-•Aj^g>I ||i oowaUBtfrOoV rvtMkrta DATS •©•SO anDQ patfr i mere rumor of a revision of customs duties and tariffJ, and hy the reports of the Galway steamship Prince Atbert,at 3a. Johns, » - » . , tetegraphed from thence, and pubIShed IB the HXUALD of the 16th bast.and cries which were anything but nattering to Mr Barnum's countryman. One man from the gallery of thehouse burst out mto a horse laugh, ss the animal meeklylifted np ha foot to be tied up by the operator, but wasimmediately answered by another, exclaiming at the top were subjectedto a searching analysis, snd facte disclosed of his voice, that Mr. Rarey bad a grand advantage overU had bean arranged that Queen Victor* should, on the nth of Marcb, grant a special and exclusive reception toAt the risk of enumerating details previously well known,InavethusattemptedtogiveadescriptionofMr.Rareysrepresentation to Paris. The French are proverbially a up with M. Stieber and ha clique, were at length arousedproaching departure of the French troops from Borne completely fame. The same Journal also says —it appears certain that the question o f the annexation of Central Italy will be subordinate to the result of onivoraai suffrage All the Powers are agreed aa to the ptoprtety of thai measure, the early application of which will posi trveiy saake known the state of public opinion in Italy.The French government had ordered the Prince Latour d Asvergne to prolong his stay at Turin Dor some time at - lerthearrivalofBaronTalleyrand,toordertosupportthe sssnsssi of moderation which Napoleon had instructedNapoleonseemstobeperfectlyawareofthischaracteristic,ss you may bare observed that be either changes sudden-ly or very slowly matters that do not suit hto views. Ifdone suddenly, be to prepared for a great deal of grum storey, the American Bone lamer, in tht City—Grand Jss- bung, which he knows will not tost: if done after a timelyban to submit to Count Oavour.The Paris correspondent of the London Post telegraphsnowned American was to stitnc1. breast to breast and footto foot with all that was most vicious and virulent ol horseflesh, was the Cirque Napoleon, situated at the eastern ex-a moot question whether the American Barnum and the American Rarey are simply bedfellows in humbug1 am personally inclined to do Mr. Rarey fall justice. I believe him to be an adept in ha art, but I do hot thinkwhether government would produce the correspondence which had taken place on the subject of the annexation of Savoy to France between the British and French govern- ments.Lord John Russell replied that after communicating with the English ambassador at Paris, the government had come to the conclusion that it would be inexpedient to produce the papers, but that a conversation had taken piaee between Lord Cowley and Count Walewski on tbe subject, in which the Count iiaJ stated that there waa no intention on t h e part o f the Emperor o f the French t othat theserabry reducing the amount of the army, and that the pobey of the empire turns more than ever towards peace.The encycbcal letter of the Pope was distributed among the Cardinals on the 27th u l tGeneral Garibaldi and his bride had arrived at Milan. An aSray bad occurred at Anoxia between the PapalFrenchgovernmenth a s decided o n very cons igendarmea on the other. Three hundred of the former were stated t o be under arrest, of whom about forty war woundedTV VUxxin: party was said to be active at Rome. Ge aeral 6oyon had taken measures for preventing any mani testations.Aa address from the town o f Perugia, containing 009 signatures, including those of many persons of note, had been sent to the Emperor Napoleon.Messrs B Bell, Son k Co. report Amincan securities as follows—power is bailed with pleasure by the people of Central of three estates elsewhere. But that none of them migtrThe market for American securities presents n o n e wfeature- It continues without animation, and the actual many Territories, although situate.:, properly speaking,It wss s noble sight to see that splendid interior filled tiocably done the State some service, and, it maybe vantage.transactions of the past week have been to a very limited within the boundaries of tbe small District of voh tafia, so may the Pope, although at Rome, command in the Lega-serted that he ba<l pursued a strictly neutral policy. H a lordship also said, in response to an inquiry by Air. King- lake, that government had no reason to supposefthat war like preparations were going forward on an extrhordmary scale in France. The government had earnestly endearileal— rstranger from the distant shores of the Atlantic in a causawhere moral courage was to outmatch the most powerfulefforts of brute force, where an unarmed human bengwas to bend and break to his stern will the unruly temperand furious rage o f one o f the most powerful animals o rtbe creation. Mr Rarey s advertisements of what he wasto do were of the most striking description. Thetype exhibited a noble regardleanness of ex the Civil Marriage Att—The Minister of Pintnce's Re Cobden. pease, th e promises were unexceptionable, th eCaned Slates 6 per cent bonds. 1898 Do ft per cent bonds, 1874Alabama 5 per cent bondsKentucky 6 per cent bonds, 1868-7297 92 7 6 90 9 6a 99 a 9i% a 7 7,a/ 92tions. This la an unfortunate comoaraon lor the rope*, maa- nr:cn as it is there the show pinches with our own govern- ment, which, although federal a s regards t h e different Slates, assumes in the Territories such a character as forces the administration to side with one or tbe ottier opposingOur Berlin Correspondence. BEBXJ.V, Jan 18.1800.1st of February — * ImportsExports.Mary land 6 per cent sterling bonds.Massachoaetta 6 per cent starling bonds.. 10*2 a 103 factions. It most decide when the question of slavery or noami AriMtocnm The Liberal Party, the Liberal ComerKtitrci, the RemctionisU, the Catholics, A . . in ike Cham mest satisfactory assurances from ail the Powers interest TotalMwtnaippi 6 per eent Union Bank bonds... Ob»6 per cent stock, 18*6fenaey tvania 6 per cent SterlingDo. &per cent bonds, 1877 Sooth Carohna5 per cent bonds, 1866 Tennessee 6 per cent bonds, divers Virgaua 8 per cent bonds, 188697 k 98 I'Ston (Hherwne, coming to direct contact with no local 81.^ a 82»»' interests, our federal government would never be subThe Para Bourse on the 3d tost w asfluctuating,but the tone was generally buoyant, aad rents advanced to 07 86, at which they closed with a firm feelingXArRBT MARKET REPORTS. ; LOfrixM nosxr HAKKXTLoarnoii, Feb 4—P. M Closing prices—Consols a r e steady a t 9 4 \ a V T h e share market improved and closed firm at the above ad-vanced quotations.JJVEBPO01 mSXTTflLrvxurooL, Feb. 4—P. M.Cotton active and buoyant Very full prices obtained. Sales to day 16,000 bales, including 6,000 to speculatorsDo. 5 per cent stg bends, 1888 Montreal 6 per cents, 1861-66Usaow Centra. 7 per cent, 1876Do. 6 per cent, 187*Do 6 per cent Freelands, Do. shares,da.bjehigaa Central » per cent, 1869Tbe Englwb are a mostendowed with a moat extraordinary acuieneei of vision a s regards the mote in their neighbors' eyes; whereas, most singularly, they are blind, excessively blind, to the beam that should obstruct the keenness of sight I refer to. A ll this moralizing proceeds from the fact that I have justOur ParleTWidea bnimalisb ffnusri ahfirst im indignantform bill in 188S; but in tb e present case a much moreplied.^ wardandfelltothepavement,breakinghtoarmandtog, snd injuring himself so severely that be dted shortly afteraW IfjlatliisrafChamber, on the contrary, tbe government has a com-manding majority, its adherents being superior in num-ber to those of ail the other parties united. According toa statement published in tbe Berlin papers, 140 members amount to 2,000. Tbe Spanish lost 200.1860..Vienna for the purpose o f demanding from t h e Emperor hopedthatthereorganizationofthearmy,andtheanxiety therestorationofailtherightsandprivilegesoftheirP A W , Jan. » , 1800numerous creation would be nexaaary than in England, tht xVabsrers ing walked this beautiful animal some half dozen aathePrusmanAssemblyiscomposedalmostentirelyofThe W arIn Morocco.A Madrid despatch of the 2d instant says—Yesterday considerable Moorish forcee attacked tbe right wing of the Spantoh encampment, but were repulsed. The Spanish then made s n attack o n t h e Moorish lines, threw the Moors into disorder snd took their positions, which they maintained until the end of the fight Tbe Spanah ar- tillery caused enormous tosses to the enemy, estimated tofew theA n n u aAreUOut « / Wsra flatFi-met Jsmsas an Danger from Fin—Ttiefrom Lomion—A Smith of sVaaca ofnominees of tha Manteuffel ministry, which carefully e s - chewed the admneion of liberal elements. In the SecondWASKBGTon'e BIRTHDAY.—The Higbwood Guard, Ospt J. P . Newkirk, o f Hoboken, intend celebrating Washing ton's birthday by a parade and vtott to tbto ottywill leave their armory about oneo'eteek.iby Robertsons band. After a short P«^eabontcity, they will proceed to Jersey^ Qty,irewrnmg b about six o'ctocx, where they wtll . » ^ £ £ n L * L ? collation Tbe Guard will !»*»»*»•*••* *£* **• • » kets, and equipped in their full winter uAsixthcorpswastocourseofformationatMalaga,totimeprevioustotheexecutionofherfatherSheisfussiltobe commanded by Gen. concha see him, and frequently attested her behef to hto guilt of The Sultan, in order to humanise the war, has offered a tbe crime charged against banA few weeks mare ofand i M sans?fml dt I sfhssscs; bat wtosreward of one hundred ducats for every Spantoh prtaoaer brought to. ....toTbe Spaniards suffered more severely than reported mthe battle of Cape Netrro ^ _ . - ^ „ . « Tbe battle of the 23d of Janoary l^Jr^$Ae\l tillftP.M. Great valor was^*f*d J^t£nm»After tbe battle tbe two armies returned to their I»revtousP ° K h i e accounts stem that tbe Moorish regulararmy i ^ MI iefbemf brought oat The divsnon a said to 00000dacipUnedtroops,wattingAn-awassatdtohetodrawtheSonhowever, has preyed nitoaslj iand death are ascribed to tbto <to the same gravestrangely the family has passed awayRaroaa a ran MARKETBCBDTSBB.—With tan view to a Ihnmmri InTissagalirai tntnfhr saansgrmnnt of the i markets of the ctty, Mr. Ctty!lo send a circular to each of the clerks of thekets, rrqnssstog fnB tefiornnnten retell te to tfcn nsmherto stay the storm, snd Jest aitheexfcofHEM, aiiEaatosl wasbnsthacwithnervous temperament suddenly brought into contact with a new and unintelligible danger.rthra aad asset denana abetted by Mr OabOen, suss, drew up % treaty s f toassss tbe lawrcoersethrvau•coseate ttttenwrprawef bethsavtiussThe fight continue J, If such it may be termed, for some» w*4i age it. r-presert tn* Emperor Napotem aa a m » t • e r e u • -u'haveoccurredduringthemonth «.-TA"«£»*«!r:rASSbeendecrnaategmtbebank coffers,aa1thamanager*tbe.amount piecedn tbe ..-•••of theeoikrfag *<reachedtbeagar*dust*f«eeassfaahfrseai*>,a-twfinitteasyan1plssssm la »tte! bee a> she "»w*n.n#V!*» are at work •u.;»batsrmabouttheas•JUHU IV teheed by tbeof»1600.beeKte*——-•*oc "ortfia!Cotaag,whichhrhaving acesrded the meed of praise, the said journals will are long, with one or two notable excepnone, ecmsaesee another crsssfli against the man of des-first hands are thrown cut of employment, be will take upon himself to find for them labor aad sufficient re muneraticn, and that in tbe works sf improvement al-Tbe objection to tha mode has always been that the horse might move forward and thus throw h a intended rider banted him. leaving him at the mercy of hto heels; buttbe House by the MteJster of Commerce, whichthe government programme as contained in tbe the Prince Regent. Today the Mintatterof thetiny Tbe London Asset h a s already begun, b y ready m hand aad in contemplation there to a superfluity Mr. Rarey obviates t h a b y keeping himself erect by tbe brought m the long promaed bill for a betternorae'B shoulder and making a lock of hie mane a fulcrum of the electoral districts, which ta of tbe is to hto band—in tact, prectoely aeoardteg to tbe otdsaamsM, tance to tbe liberal party, as tbe present arrangement tavery desirable a consummation afterall,JR. NOW,meniously rescued from tbetowsofdeath,hadveryallow m e to 1st yon into a little secret that explains nearly encountered the grim King of Terrors in another the'cot A cavalry soldier a Intended to brtog himself cure a fictitious majority to the conservatives, by trans than £«00,COO, while at tbe same time the imports* most clearly aad decisively why the Tuner at so Austrian form. A lire broke out to that part of the Palais Royal to tbe pommel of the saddle, to place hto toft leg in the ftning the seat of elections from the large towns to smelloccupied by his grand coachman, and but for the timely stirrup a exactly mthe positionto which itnaturally hangs boroughs snd villages, where tbe sannanas of the aris-m Ha tendencies and so mimical to France. You are n o ahum given, and tbe application of the Are engines, very from the saddw gap, and then having raised himself up tocracy ta paramount Tbe measure introduced by Count Our imports are still to excess, week by week, of ourtracts of mad in Austriacradit must o f course b e kept up by theH i Anne xation Question a n d Rotschilds, on the principle o f self preservation, a n d s o ty two minutes. It was divided tote three parts on sepa- dee west. rate wires—the first words leaving London at 1.36, andUniversal Suffrage.>_IT..I~"~ I " " **•they do Itaa egactually as they earn. But you win say, tbe tost at 2:16. Tea bit of instruction being finished, a drum was'•What has all ton to do with the London Tisi«.»'' Simply You bare already seen tbe namesof the members of M. brought forward, aad being presented to the animal's predecessors. Tbe dtamtasnl or suspension, aa It to were generally inactive, with the exaaptton of ash. Tele-a 9 614 a 16 slavery la sgiiated, and it is thus we hear murmurs of dmfd The ratification of the new commercial treaty would ien—Liberals in the Majority— The Introduction cf le exchanged at Paris on the 4th by L*rd Cowley and Mr£1,160 24684 a 86 86 / a 87 80 / a 82 8 2 / a 84 S3 a 84/ S O a 8 3 ( 7 8 a 7 9 \ 7 6 a 77\ 9 1 a 9 3M a 4 2tocted to much opposition that it now encounters. Thns with the temporal power of the Pope. It forces himto take sides to matters of politics, whereas he should but be occupied with religion. Tbe Umictrt was not fteureu* to its comparison.feats to be performed unexampled. Every omni- bus, every cafe, restaurant a n d cabaret outbid t b e moi ning journal in the grandeur of its omsonce, and at two o'clock the DompUurde Chevavm had gratifying evi- dence to tbe thickly filled benches of the success which nad so far attended him.Now the question to, what did the Parisians expect toseer The famous stranger waa called, and called by himself, the " great horse tamer;'' and if they did not, there-fore, expect to see him surrounded by wild horses freshfrom some pathless prairie, they certainly didtookforsomething very different to that which they were accus-tomed to see every day on their broad boulevards—someindomitablebeastwhohadhithertobiddefiancetoport—Repeal of the Usury Laws—The Electoral Districts— the Case of Police Councillor SHeber—Stieber to be Be moved—Popularity of thePresent Qomrnment,<fic.,4c. The speech delivered by the Prince Regent on openingA n s t r l n .Letters from Austria speak of increasing discontent inHungary, and indicate that matters were daily getting more serious. It was reported that Kossuth had suddenly daappeared from among h% friends to London, and an impression prevailed that he had gone to Hungary with86 a 823Q\a35 remarkedtotheLoudonTimetsnadvertisementaskinginspired by the aspect of foreign politics, would engross church, were refused an audience by tbe Emperor, andhto attention to the exclusion of ail other topics, and they had quitted Vienna They had published a memo and exporters.Do shares* Y Central 6 per ct , not convt 1883 . . 83 a 86 ship agents to make offers for th e tnnsferring of someBresdstuffs snd provisions—no change L0SDO5 moDCta auaxarr.Loicuosr, Feb. 4,18«0. SugarandcoffeequietpendingChanneltar's announce ment on Monday next Tea limited; business doing atDo. 7 per cent, convt., 1864 90 a 92ijo akntea, ex. dr» 66 a 88 law York and Bna let m 7 ear cent, 1867. 86 a 87eight hundred negroes from St, Helena to tbe British West todies. These negroes have been taken by the Engbnh cruisers off of stove vesseto they captured near the African coastatdifferenttimes. Ofcourse,thepoornegroeswere not returned to their bosses, oh no; they were huddledare exceedingly disgusted to see such measures as the Civil Marriage a c t , t h e Land t a x , t h e redistribution of electoral dtotrtats.he.,whichtheyflatteredthemselvesracdum explaining the object of their masion It a drawn up in a menacing tone, and gives expression to the most sombre predictions. T h e national movement will,theysay,resembleanavalanche. Hungarywillde tech herself from Austria at the first opportunity, as tbeitwanlenttarTAX VEB V A.ATEST. Loxnoji,Feb 4,1800,TBADE OI AU8TKAUA.pubQebsaah. Tbeclerksof+*-ton. Cbatoo, Catherine,IresndGouverneur markets any, •"•^x, h*kou1 for a thorough ovetwaubag from - w 'Onsen's JpescA i Ctoesnst CWlHSgunphilanthropicnation, and a r ethe Chambers has spread no little dismay in the reactionsry camp. They were not prepared to find him declare so revolutionary designsunequivocally in lavor of progress and reform; they had Tbe Hungarian Protestant deputation, which went toDo.3dmortgage do,1839 Do. M mortgage, do , 1883 Da. eeavertttito, lawkbo. snaresPanama 1st amrtgags 7 per cent, 1866 100 a 163 London journals periodteaBy bowl at our slavery institu doubly perilous by hto hoofs of steel. Many, I know,Do tdnvortgnge, do.. 1872 100 a 103 rMsiijluali Censrai bstm, 6p.sent, I860 87 a 88The 1inmilsm fanes of Itoiaiabjr, dttt bast., quotas sates;—leased Suns Ave*, 93S,, Ubhota Centralfreeland, M jf;80 a 83 66 a 68now, Austrian in-While the ministry are thus proceeding to this careerofreform,theyarebeginningattosttounderstandthatItis not only measures, but men,that require to,be changed, Azoartea.and that it a time to get rid of the legacy of incapable ordisreputable public officers bequeathed them by their At Adelaide, December 20, bulky articles of impartand it waa interesting to observe tbe effect tt produced to awakening the high bred steed out of tbe apparent lethargy which had succeeded bta former excitement Withcutdaringtomovefromthespot,heturnedbishead round, aad, with prickedup ears, seemed tosaketbe exact dimension* not only of tbe thing on ha back, but of the dtmpUur dt cAewiix who was practising these strangeTHE REUO008 QUESTION M HUNGARY. of what all Tngtisbssen cmim their government to be. celi on the Christino side tn Spain, and tn tbe Crimea h e8o much for the London Time*: Sow, as a further ransom sosanmnded a brigade of the expeditionary army. frame seemed to quiver, but he never once attempted toCountMarriani,MinisterofPublicInstractim,toaRo- stirtillMr.Rareygavethesignal,whenbefollowedhim tar n speedy change m t b e tone o f t b e London man, being born at Pesaru. He was in 1831 a member of from tbe arena with tbe meekness of a lamb.Fight at Ancoiia.consequence. Yoawillnodoubtbearthaiinmindwhen youtotbefutureroad tbeleaders intheThunderer,ad- voeating—no one could tell why, unless tbsy knew what IEurrpe it to interesting to observe the character of his coltesgues.M. Casstois, Minister of Justice, signally distinguished himselfatthetimeoftheAustriansequestrationofthe propertyoftheLombards whohadbecomenaturalised Sardinians, by tbe warmth of hto protests.General Fawn, Minister of War, to a Modenese. Ex-have just stated a government that n the very antipodes peltod from hto country to 1831, be served under O'Dou- tricks by his side. As the rat tat too increased till it rolled tbe tost ten years hto occult influence, though chiefly feltsympathies,sad dislikes andwasmortified at Italy,andto1848becameMinisteroftbe InteriorofPope squesky, but,though evidently s different tempered theresultoftbelastcampaign. Hehadpredictedahard Phis\X. HavingbeenelectedmemberoftheRoman animaltotbepreceding,badnotthesamecourageinre- lixty Tiwiaid lam leady to SameIk time of It for the French—had boasted that German staadr Constituent Assembly to 1849. be made himself remarka- stating the peculiar mechanism applied to her. In tossto the employ of the then Minister of the Interior, BaronBocbow; notwithstanding which heattached himself, after fined to linseed. Freights have improved theratesto therevolutionof1848,totheextremedemocraticparty,and succeeded, most unaccountably, tn gaming their eon Liverpool are quoted at 32s. od. a 33s.ness and phlegm would outlast French impetuosity and,, and the result proved that his Highness wasble by the courage with which h e opposed the proclama tionof.the republic AtthePapa! restoration bewss banished from Rome, aad settled tn Genoa. In 1866 ha became naturalised to Sardinia, andtonowoneoftbethan half an hoar, Mr. Rarey having passed her through hisprescribedordeal,shewalked awaycompletelycrest- fallen and exhibiting no other remnant of her ndgetty propensitiesthanaalightuneasinessabouttbetail.fldence snd being initiated into ail their plana- Even after thereactionhadsettobecontinuedforatimetowearth? mask of a seatoua democrat, and being a good lawyer, undertookthe defenceofseveral membersoftbe partyFKAVCB. SeveraloftbeParisjournalsseemto consider the an-nexationofSavoytoFrancenearlythesameaaconcluded. -WAIT.TheTuscanMtnstorepublahesadecreerevokingacosvention concluded between the Grand Duke Leopold andia the Interior,The Canard mail steaiashi? Arabia,whan toft Liverpool at half past tear o clock on the after MOOof Satm-dey,lhe4th of February, arrived at her dock at Jerasy Ctty about tan o'clock y eater dayThe Hamburg screw steamship BorwsstoTreutmaan, which left Hamburg oa Insist andtonearlyisthemornagon the6thmat.,arrivedatthisport about eight o clock yesterday evening Our Oka by of the country, aad who feel no petty or undignified jea- tary. The banns were published. The bridegroom electForthisheowesagrudgetoFrance. Donotun-• toomuchdone—hisInfluencemEngland. mostelegantoratorsofthenationalparliament.Firstandforemost,theQueen,ofcoarse,respectsthecon- victions of her husband, and naturally imbibes h a tastes and IwtasiT- I am assured from a good source thai Prince Albert • entirely and heartily Anatrian in h aOneoftheablestandyoungestof Oavour'sministrytoButmantagonismwithallthishighinfluencewehave tobeseenonthis. TheciviltribunalofLyonshas,bow- forhtoexperiments,sndasthoseexperimentswerepre- ever, just been doing a little business to this line. A M. cisely similar to detail to the last, they were rather weari- tbe power of public sense and the aid of such men as Joachim and Mile. Marie to March last, to presence of some to witness. On this occasion he operated upon those horses,butassaneofthemwereremarkablefortheirap-fortunate King, bypersuading him that hewasstir annaTaltoriofSavoytoFrance roundedwithaaetofdesperaterebels,whocouldonlybeBright,Cobden,ex.,who haveathearttherealinterests their friendssigneda contract ofmarriagebeforeano-kept in awe by constant vigilance and inexorable aeverity. After tbe death of ha patron, the star of M. Stieber began towane,but hewassointimately connected withtheTuna,Feb.S,lbfiO. The journals of this day publish an Austrian ordinanceconcerningtheenlistmentofvolunteersfortheNeapoL tan army.Sardinian officers have left for Bologna to orgaatos theartillery, cavalry and carbineers of t b e army of CentralItalyArrests continue at Venice to a very groat extent, andspread terror among the inhabitantsTHE FRENCH ARMT.PAJUU, Saturday, Feb 4,1800.The Montteur of to-day pubushes a report of the Minis- ter of War, Marshal Randon, announcing that to confor mitywithtbeintentionoftbeEmperorbewillsubmita project of law to the legislative body, reducing tbe con tingent of 1869, from 140,000 to 100,000 men.Woman, thy vows are graved on sand. manyoftbemoatinfluentialcametodeputationstoParis Ontbeveryeveofthedayfixedforthewedding,Mile. with the intention of remonstrating with the Ministers upon Marie changed her mind and refused to be married. A il a step that, although advancing the interests of tbe country, attempts to induce her to torego her resolution were in made serious inroads into their pockebv They were vain. M Joachim sued her for the amount of expensesthat till then had only been whispered, but were now ex- posed to the broad light o f day. T b e paper was confis- cated aa soon as it reached Berlin, but its contents got wind and became tbe theme of general con- versation, and the members of tbe present ministry, whohad never been personally mixedsomewhat sssonsshed to find that it was not the Minister who would receive them, but his Majesty to person. They bad their audiences, made known their causes for com- plaint, and received in answer tbe assurance that bis Maincurred, and for 2,C00f. as an indemnity for hto loss, to hiring an apartment that he no longer required. The tri- bunal mulcted the fair one all the expenses and the sums told out by the unfortunate bridegroom elect to presents,the laugher, mille francs.a sh e hadalreadypocketedsome quinzetoeofficersofthenumerouscorpsofvolunteerriflemen. jestyhadwellconsideredailsidesofthequestion,and batgallantlyrefusedtorecogniseanyclaimsontheplea Dr. Todd, the eminent physician and phystologtot, that the few must give way to tbe many. of the apartment hired. It further awarded that eachsied sedsealy m London on the 80th u)L But a wtoe precautionary measure h a s been adopted. party should pay its own costs.polite and indulgent audience, and t h a famous American to the conviction that by retaining such an individual intamer of horses came to their capital heralded by such office they virtually identified themselves with all the mis tatsewsfromParsadatedonthe3dinstantItisTbenewcommercialtreaty,althoughtakingeffecttoEng M.Geuglini,thecelebratedtenor,hasfinishedhisen-sonoroustestimonialsthat,onasubjectwherethenationaldeedsoftheirpredecessors,ofwhich,inpointoffact,land at once, wtH not do so tn France for a year yet. Tula gagement at the Italians, ana gone to Milan, where a new ma* that mibtary ameers are to be attached to the delayto a most judicious one. During tbe interval that engagement awaited him at £80 a night. Somehow orcharacter to certainly behind the Anglo-Saxon in informstion, they seemed throughout the exhibtaMB on each daymore inclined to distrust themselves than t h e ability ofthe artist. But it to clear they are, for aii this, by nomeans satisfied that they have bad their money's worthIn the Instruction Mr. Rarey has attempted to impart It iseven now said at Tatterealto that there are fifty groomswho could undertake to do all that he did at five minutes'notice. Tbe price of admtesion, too, to considered mostexorbitant for an hour and a hairs display of the knackM a r k e t s .TBI LONDON MONET MARKET.French fnhssstes at all the groat European courts. Bsmers were current that the Cbniona camp would soonbe r* established.The French journals continued to publish nameroua andstrongly worded protests from various r lassos of manu- facturers against the Emperor a commercial reform.moat elapse the people will have become accustomed to other this charming singer did not improve his position tn the idea of a change, and will glide into one,with ease and Farm. Hto papmiae was great, and he came heralded byfacility. Private interests will have been cared for, and a tbe trumpet or fame, but whether he was discouraged b ygreat measure achieved. the coldness of hto audience, or that he really had been The French are tbe most democratic and most grumbling overrated, hto prestige wss rapidly vanishing. Perhapsthey were perfectly innocent. To avoid scandal, there-fore, an affair of minor importance was taken as a pretextfor the Attorney General to institute legal proceedingsagainst him, in consequence of which he has been sus-pended from ha position, and received leave of absencefor an indefinite period. Here the matter rests for the been well maintained throughout tb e day, the market present: aad itto probable that to insure his silence on being assisted at tbe close by tbe receiptor firmer quote more delicate topics, be will be allowed to quit tbe service ttoas from Parte. The fact that n o gold has been taken onaretiringpension.Thepublicaredelighted;theyfeel fromtheBanktodaylikewisecontribatedtothefeeling as If an incubus had been removed from them, and the of confidence, but, aa each mall from India to expects 1 reign of justice and legality promised by tbe Prlnoe Re- tor some time to brtog large supplies of Rupee steaks, gent on hto accession to power has now really commenc snd tbe prices of those stocks' have experienced a rallyed the popularity of the government has increased im today of three-quarters per cent, tt to not measurably; and hopes are freely expressed that the time plain that tbe principal cause of all tbe recent a approaching when the existence of Stiebera and Hinck inconvenience can be> considered as yet to havepeople in the world. They always look with doubt a n d debnnoe upon any innovation, and although accepting Its good results, they grumble and complain for a little while, and then forget tbe whole matter, or only revert to it tothe Italian air may restore it. £ 8 0 a night is a tolerably strong tonic. * -of torturing a good tempered animal under pretence of The Pant Patrit pronounces the statement of an ap- praise and extol what they at first derided. The Emperor of tbe '• Pere Prodigue," which still at tbe Lyonnatoe con subduing a vicious one.kibiticnofHitPmven—DescriptionoftheCirctu—Tke warning,heknowsthatbytbetimetbechangemast Company,theHowesandtheOperator,Ac.erdeys will be as impossible in Prussia as it a in England and America.Tate British Parliament, IntbeBritishParliament,onthe2dtost.Mr.B.Ooch race gave notice that on the 17th he should call the atten-experienced a n y permanent o r material check. Consols for money were first quoted tMj^ to *,, aad tbe latest official transactions were a t that price, b u t after regular hours there were buyers at tMX. for the 8th of Marcb the bargains were at 04,>; to 945, Bank stock left off at 229 to '220H; reduced ana new three per cents94\'toM%.Money was not in great demand to-day to the Stock Exchange, and loans were ottered at 3>^ per centIn the discount market, although therevis an absence o f actual pressure,the demand continues active, partly from preparationsfor to-morrow, tbe 4th. Tbe rate for three months' bills ranges from 4 to 4>i per cent, and for long dated paper it is about 6. At the bank tbe applications have again been rather numerous.In foreign stocks. Mexican has_shown increased firm ness, and was last quoted at 21 a .»„. The general busi- ness comprised —Brazilian four and-a half p e r seats, 1862. 94 Chilian six per cents. 103)£ , four and-a half per cents, 80 a 87 Equador new consolidated. 13 V Mexican, for the account, 21>, a J4, Venezuela three per cents, 26), a 25X-occur tbe public will have dismissed the whole affair from their mines, having accepted it, after great grudging, as aI mentioned in my last letter that tbe Emperor was in coned to carry out liberal ideas on all sides, and that, aa regards our shipping, the moment was an auspicious o n e for the renewal of overtures such as would lead ta a hap- py result. Much may be aocompliahed if our government will appoint an able diplomat to attend at once to a matter that seriously concerns t h e interests o f both nations. Have we not a Cobden among our statesmen' Let us hope that we have, and that, following the noble example ofTbe great American horse tamer baa been here, and afaint description of all that he did and all that he said fortheenligntenmentoflegrandenation,aadthegeneralbenefit of equines, will naturally have an interest m the rearer, who would suffer no man to back htm with impuPtUcy great Hewoi- of the CkmtX andcourtesy w s s exhibited, and tb e c r y from any party waa mst withTbe first surprise sad sanguine hope which tbe Empe aide wss easy, ss tbe moment the horse moved on htoho ssausuiu that preempted gagbmrt so thwart her airy eijitiw* oi iiwauitctursa eoicn nave grown up uuder ears, clashing of hto hoofs, etc . with pensive ledotence. estisnstas This, conatdermg the disastrous influence exTbe Melbourne Argus of Dec. 10, m ta oommercial re officer. —The response to tbe appeal asELMtoatnltbtieagfe—Katmib»oppositet„estin^gt«ha_tmdnesab,e.*t«o, jtsep w sh *ag*raes* an opportunity of beasAtteg bar assesssre» ibro^a that ally So,at tbepresentsso».«••htt-Mm Btoaibtuen,itwtllimposelo-aeu'&jieoipe- riod protfcuM duties sufficiently high on taretga pro luc tienetrctasdupon trade sndindustry bytheeventsoftost year, may be regarded aa a favorable result, and M «•* Pntow was Jtatsted to sssmrmg the house that M ^ " " .port, says that tbe condition of the Australian market ha,- not been so bad since the craa of 1846. The money mar hothasbeenverygenerallyaffectedbythenumerous;B behalf of tbe oaXertusnee by tbe late sslaauity„ F.mstreet hasbra.an ^ J ^ J * 1 " Oousiaa.arenee-tod,eau '^J^**'*1*^*^,should wttbhoW their offermgstor^«_P~ont until ior* tUai there are more persona requirmgTbe Russian censorship has prohibited the performance tinuesitsundiminished sway.handsome amount of dollars. harsh blows. But Mr. Rarey h a s illustrated the fact on one or two striking examples, and in so doing has unques£142X00.Lord John Russell defended the British Consul at Tan-greatestpatientexclamations of d to forii-' a la porti! After hav-remaining tripod, a noose, jerced by Ibe trainer's band, brought the animal on hto knees and nose. The beautiful creature reared on his haunches to a moment, vainly beating tbe air with hto imprisoned arms; again b e fell bead loremost on t h e well Uttered arena, and again be rose to waste hto strength in contention with such ignoble bondn Mr. Rarey held him all the time like a vice; stepror s free trade letter evoked having bad time to subside, we have now to deal with tbe reaction, which, like a shadow to tbe sunlight, to certain to foUow every species of ex mswiisiTbe diminished standard by which for ages tbe great principle of commeree has been measured In this country, and which affects tbe finlsst transactions of daily life readersallperusessnoreorteataaasnettbtotothetheories of the prohibitionist*, sad agw that every post brings ia- tetbgrece of t b e ranosr s a d unmitigated terror with whichtbeAnglo-Francocommercialtreatytoviewed,some who were only tbe other day toastog their hats into the air wttn exultation are now oonJeasing that they don't know what to saake of ibis teat sssp attsbsssre.Ev«n tbe latest taken upon itself chide tbe new bornstat of its contemporary the Osisssunwamet, and roundlytellettthatinsteadofpratingaboutwhattbeconstitution twentymiBttten,whenattost,thoroughlyexhaustedwithgive* tbe etitof of tbe Stem power to do—* power whichtoaseistoaconditiontocontest—itwootdbefarbetterto shew by sound logical argument that t b e steps BOWetewit,a>•betakenarereallyadvaM*ceu«iamthecountry. thathtoheaving sides showed himstilltobeathingof pollticsandrebgton IntheSecondtbeMinisterofFinanceThe srovctnsatai, it says, ought to u«eief*, officially, met life After into b e became a child to Mr. Rarey s bands, gavea detailed account of the public income and expen- itwillkeepteapremiesnottotouchtbepr<toibinoasbefore receivingallbismanipulations,suchsspateonthebody, ditureofthekingdomfor18*0,bywhichitappearsthat the ir..!Ahuf j„•,v, iS4 .ana that in order lupreserve tbe tmoothmg of tbe tegs, opening of the tows, blowingto the the receipts have been only 198,0,0 thakrs less thantheTbe victory was complete.The brother of the Emperor commanded the Moors. Advices from the seat of war, by way of Gibraltar, areto the 27th ultimo. General Reos continued in possessionof tbe seaboard o f Tetuan. Tbe troops under o'DonneUstillcommandedtbeheightstofrontofthatcity. Several pbens,toeallegedwifepoaoner,whowasi steamersbadarrivedatMalagawithwoundedsoliars edattheCttyPrison,dtodyesteordayifrom the camp. ceased was nine years of age, and an ecdy child lor sceneby step he moved with him—nownow firmly turning hto bead hitherwith the ligatures on his limbs and offieshbyhtoside,thepoorequine,itwssevident, wssbutssareedebnkenbytbewindto thehandsofa superior intelligence It was unquestionably s fine sight, sad all men seemed to hold their breath while tt lasted. Still,itwasnotexactlythatwhichthey cametoase,for these magnificent plunges, struggles and furious contor- tions were not t h e savage throes o f t b e unconquerable temper of one powerful animal striving with another for tbe mastery, but simply the reckless wrestling of a highlyyielding hto b a n d -a n d thither . What tbe unswerving e r atbeonlydifferencebeingthatoftbemannerofstirruping theresultofamanoeuvreofthelategovernmenttoa*•tookegbrandyatonecannotbevaioedatiBchweitataIntendedtoremedythaabuse,andto fixthe limits of the electoral districts to accordance with their population.Cavour s new administration. As beto by universal ac- inspection, waa afterwards placed on bis back, and termed, of Police Councillor Stieber, may be lookedthis Baron Hnthtnrhtlrl of London, owns (a huge portion cord one of tbe foremost, if not the foremost statesmanto beaten by Mr. Rarey. Atfirstbe topped it very gentry, upon ss a firstsnd decided move to this direction. and grapLit despatches received at Adelaide forIdoubt aware that tbe RoteehiMs have aain tbe Austrian railways, stocks, ax., aa well aai might bare ensued. A tobacco pipe full of live ashes, secreted in the pocket sf one of theTbeQueencfEngland'sspeech wastransmittedmfortohtofullheight,sndbroughthtoheelstogether,tothrow oner the other tog. No doubt tha processta too long, and instead of tbe rider's face snd tbe horse's from the oom- anenosasont lookteg tbe same way, supposing th e horse was to have bis back to the south, he to turned with hto •toetothenorth,whiletbeanimalbetotoride hasbisporta, the balance to value for the year being a iand a half sterling to avor of she former In tbe fathis the advices received by tbe test anil speak of stilllike distant thunder over hto bead, every muscle in bta to the capital. extended from one end of the monarchy to have been partially anticipated.the resentment of Stieber was a "gonecoon" When to the demand. English bouseshave done little m exports to hoar. Prince Albert * a German, has lived In Paris from 1881 to 1847, when he returned to duced. She was an ugly brute, extremely tetchy and quite a young man he had dtattogutabed himself ss s spy of cotton. Their largest operations of tote had been con-SEVERE FIGHTING IN MOROCCO journalo is tbe fact that a still higher influence win be the provisional government of Bologna. Being exiled, he After tha a roan mare of Norman breed was intro-Tntoclosedthefirstday'srepresentation. Mr.Barey whowerebroughttotrialforoffencesagainsttbegovern gave noticeofanother fortheMondayfollowing, after mentoftbeday;but nosoonerdidbeasetbeManteuffel tbeChevalierJacml,MinisterofPublicWorks.HetoawhichhewasboundforArabia.AsbeInformedusthatrepsstefirmlyestablishedthanbeappearedtobtatrue huge land owner, and by his writings had long since he expected a peculiarly vicious horse for hto tost repre- colors, and showed himself the most inveterate enemy ofbrought upon himself tbe suspicions of the Austrian sentation, and bta advertisements continued to represent htoformer associates He became tbe right band of tbe the court of Rome, to 1861,and all circulars sad otherpolice. tbe same, I again attended, and found, a s before, t b e It bss often been remarked,that frequent as are tbe ac- Cirque Napoleon full to the ceiling Bat the second exhi- ail are so, and will continue the morn so when tions for breach of promise in marriage engagements on bition was of inferior interest altogether. There were no ofthesympathyoftheirsovereign. theBritishsideoftheChannel,nothingofthekindtoever symptomsofanypeculiarvicetothesubjectsintroducednotorious Hinckerdey, who employed him in getting upaad that tbe Queen to so likewise. The Der-acts of the then government relating thereto, snd two sf to confirm hto bold upon tbe mind of tbe un the joarnato of Turin state that they ase no barm m thaThefactto,Mr Rarey,whatever pains he msy hsve taken to secure the dollars—and it is said that the two ex- hibitions were worth not leas than some $6,000 or fS,W0— has not been sufficiently careful about preserving the fune obtained far him in England. He was sure of a noble theatre wherein to display his powers, of an over flowing audience, and of showers of ••siller." Why not, then, nave used every precaution to provide subjects worthy of a grant horse ruler's powers? Some oolt that noonecouldleadordriveorhandle,someincorrigiblenity,orevenanindomitablezebra,suchasbefasaidto tionoftbeHousetotbestateoftherelationswithChinahavesubduedinEngland,mightsurelyhavebeenob- Mr.Disraelidrewattentiontothepeculiarcharacterof Tbe modern colltoeum or hippodrome, where the re- tained on so grant an occasion, and at toast have not left it recent transactions to the Duchy of Savoy, and askedland of his fathers.tbe English economist, they will ering about a revision or tremity of tbe capital. Of the number of persons thto^ be ht.° by any means a monopoly of it He is evidentlyour commercial relations with the empire. The moment is a good one. let those capable of so doing attend to what to a matter of the greatest importanee to the Union. France will meet us ban* way.magnificent building contains, I have no certain data for stating but I should think certainly not leas than 3,000 or 4.000. A finer arena cannot be imagined, and Mr. Rarey,thercngbly athome with the speciesequine, and indepen-dent of hto appreciation of its naturally genUe temperament, so obnoxious to ail violent treatment, is well acquainted -.v:th tbe bone's phytique, and Is ae much at h aease in the rMdst of his most desperate lunges as a tight ropedancer in the midst of the vibrations o f his insular cord.But the majority of h a French audience saw nothing to propose any such annexation, and a despatch had been convince them of this; and as an Englishman I havenoheai- sent to Para expressing the satisfaction with which the•.Italy must b e free. Nationality must triumph; and whatever bis early prejudices in favor of the equality of al to France must t h e ultimate credit b e awarded for s o•hasasara and artillerymen oa one side and the Swiss and glorious a consummation. Tie return of M. de favour to men, evinced a wise facility in acknowledging the necessityIn the foreign exchanges tha afternoon, tbe quotations for Vienna and Trieste show a renewed deprecation in the Austrian currency.Italy Ttey took upon h im a s the person best fitted tocarry out their desires, and their hopes again revive. Thefact to M. de Oavour owes his reappointment to Engglieh influence and here in France it is borne to mind or stalls immediately springing from the floor of his ope- that M. de Oavour. unmindful of what the Emperor NapoBritish government bail received that assuranceMr. Wise moved for th» appointment of a committeeleoc bad dene for his country, was incaned to act to direct ofpoaiiicn to the desires of the Emperor, as well as of King Victor Emanuel, a t t h e period o f t h e Villafrancatreaty. But I suppose the conclusion will be, let by rones be bygoneerand we aball soon be enabled to judge for ourselves or the intention of the new Sardinian MinisterThe question of the Pope's temporal power has given nae to a comparison between it and our federal government. T h e I'nirm said that a£ o u r government h a s command a n d power over s orations, five francs for the tier above, and two franca fifty centimestor the upper gallery, where oi poilot, the can naUU, the miserable people o f moth-eaten Europe, are wont to congregate. B u t Mr. Rarey wisely argued thaItwascotnecessarythatheshouldquithishometothe penditure.compared with the previous week — Public deposits. £6.309,769 Decrease Other deposits . 14,484,S7fl Increase Rest 3.324,479 Increasesuppose he held them cheap, he fixed his guerdon at Uae sum of ten franca for the aristocratic occupants of the basetation in saying that whatever crsdit I am deposed to giveto Mr Rarey, I neither heard nor saw anything In h arepresentations which 1 did not know, if not IKtore he wasborn, at least tang before he w ss old enough to reach a tore, with a view to check the great increase which is ing the (1st of February gives the following results when horse's tail. constantly taking place in this branch of the public ex-United States to tell either England or France that throw tog a horse again and again on a bed of straw tall equ'ne nature could hold out no longer was one way of subduing a vicious for a fiery temperament, and that gende hand ling and soft speaking were the proper accompaniments ofThe Chancellor of the Exchequer and tlr. Laing oppose! the motion, and Mr. Bright and others supported it The resolution was carried by a vote of 121 to 03—being a ma jority against the government of 28.£219,900 404,929 29,344Untheothersideottheaccount—Government securities.£10,171,190 DecreaseOther securities 20,773,081 Increase Notesunemployed 6,846,370 Decrease 809.370The amount of notes to circulation a £21,906<340, being an increase o f £279,4C0, and the stock o f bullion m both departments i s £14.942,602. showing a deer asm Of£616,694 when compared with the preceding return.Tbe following is the oflicial return of the imports snd exports of the precious metals for the week ending thesuch masses, however incapable of producing mightyPresidentsssathome,couldstillcomedown witha very thissummarydiscipline,ratherthanbrutalobjurgationor distributionamongthetroopsengaged at Luekoowwas240,213 1,273,924glers from recent charges made against him of hkving as- to the roof with spectators to witness the prowess of a added, his own especial well being a very substantia; ad sisted the Moors in their war wish the Spaniards! and a sThe Prince Regent i Speech in the Chamber*—The LtberaU vored to prevent a renewal of hostilities now that theGold Silver."£34 646 Gold 266,375 Silver£289,920 Total PAJtIS BOPKSE£814,9o« 333,279the discipline of mortal man, and who would bring to60 a 36 together in a depot at St- Helena, and now they are to be bear on this Mepbtotophiles all the fury of hto rage and were shelved for tbe present, again brought forward, and Austrian government has insulted and overthrown every steady rates: common Oongon Is. 6>,d Rice quiet Salt-8 a 10 taken to some of tbe Bngltoh west India Islands. Tbe ail the physical energy of his powerful frame, renderedpetre market steady. Tallow—Market steady 69s. 9d on tbe spot; and 60s. 9d. to 60s. Marcb, snd 63s. 9d. October to December.GLASGOW mOS SUXXXT. GLASGOW,Feb4,1860.Glasgow iron market quiet; No. 1 60s a otto, fid, war- rants 60s. 9d. a 61s.; maker's iron 00s. a 60s. Ad.: No. S 69s. 9d a 60s. 3d.THR HOT aUREBT.Loroon, Fsb. 4 , 1M0.We have no change to notice to the vane of any kind of hops, new qualities are to fair requestCity Intelligence. AXOTBRRFATALAOCZXSBTwmxi Kim FITLVG—On Fridayafternoon, aa Joseph Donnelly, a boy eleven years of age,the opposition. It was the threat of a similar expedient divide seven places into two parts. The Commission hasthat induced tha British House o f Lords to pans th e Re- therefore proposed a system of compensation whichto to was flying a kite on tbe roof of tbe house corner of ThirdMew Turk Oantral 7 per sent, 9 0 * , no. sxnkiieg fund, 9 1 .TheWassail fromflsnlstamatonforNewYork,wss ofliberationshouldarrive IttothusthecoolietradeuTbe Hsngarian, from Portland, arrived a t Liverpool a t ft 40 A M on the 3d met.democracy. In the lint Chamber, therefore wherethefeudal party have an overpowering majority. Ministerswill find it extremely difflsult, or rather impossible, topass their bills anises tbsy should make up their mindav lations of tbe treaty ot Zurich, according to which tbeTb* Vigo was to take the place of the far New York on the lib bast.The laissn, from Boston, arrived at aeon on the 4th mstfrontier between Le Grazio and Scoranrolo was to follow to create s number of new peers large enough to swamp s straight line. This would have rendered it necessary tottons.snrtatooat the fact that tbe French take free African thought to see such an animal wildly chasing in madlaborers (tiod save the mark:) to tbe colonies, but they career round the circle and suddenly arrested by the tbe artotocray, they are profuse to their expressions and Hungary.donotseetbebarmoftheirpresentproceedingTheyvisionofthegreatAmerican,who,asintheSpanishofdevotionsadattachmenttothethrone,andareTheLondontTlete'iPariscorrespondentsaysitwaswill send tbe poor stoves to some of their islands, and hire them for a given space of time to tbe planters, who will fof course totally forget when t h e periodbull fight, would approach hto desperate antagonist and dare him. all unarmed as he wss, to the encounter.The reality of things to seldom osnte equal to our an- ticipations, and the present waa no •asepnoa to the rule Mr. Rarey came forward leading to h a band a beautifulSiding, apparently thorough bred. I t s whole bearing spoke it ss free from moral as from physical blemish, and a s little requiring t h e peculiar discipline o f theDcmplenr de Chevaux a s any of its numerous brethren who were quietly pacing tbe streets outside. It waa at once evident that the spectators felt this to be a sad tall tog off (ram the fiery mane and tell, the furious snort, tbe lashing forth of iron heels of some wild creature.times round tbe ring, aa if purposely to exhibit its gentle spirit, and spoken of tbe only instruments which consti- tuted the secret of his art, namely two leathern thongs. Mr Barey, with very little difficulty, proceeded to bind up a near fore tog. To catch up the fellow limb on tbe offhorrifiedatthainsolenceoftheliberalstoopposing generallyunderstoodthatFranceandEnglandwereabout to make a joint summons on Austria, not only to desist tbe royal behests, but s s soon aa their own '-vested 1 from sending surrepitiUously troops into the Marches of rights" are trenched upon, their restatsnoe ta obstinate * Ancona, but to evacuate tbe Venetian territory at theanduDcompromaingenoughtodohonortothefiercest earbestperiod,andacceptsuchindemnityasItalytanowcarried out but nevertheless SUggma and hto brethren will continuetobowlagainstss,whileattbeteadrinktogsold women while sapping their gin will roll up their eyes each time the word slavery is pronounced, coupling tt always with tbe United States Such barefaced hypocrisy should be pointed oat, and for that purpose 1call your attention to it.ready to offer.The Auatro Sardinian Oommitsion for running tbe newP ASS, Jan. 26, I860Tnde-Sq*al>blet chafing under momentary bondage; b u t still t b ebe approved by tbe two governments before being an avenue and Thirty seventh street, he walked off back-their solution made a personal question of by royalty it- thing that existed in Hungaryself. As long sn government only acts to tbe interest of The London Posts Paris correspondent states that Austria a directing more troops towards tbe Tyrol, Venicebelong to the liberal party, under tbe leadership o f MM. Vincke and Wertsel, forty-one to the liberal conservatives, who acknowledge M. Matha aa their leader, and who vote with the liberals on ail important questions: the left, or reactionats. a r e only thirty seven strong, the Catholics fortytwo,tbeBalesseven,andtwentyfourarewavering, orpersonswhosepoliticalMaatodoubtful,sothateven If all these disjecta membra were to combine against the liberals,theirrelativenumberswouldstillbeonlyas110 to 181, leaving the obstructives tea minority of over seventy. The Roman Catholic faction, who in former sts stoes used to vote occasionally with tbe liberate, have now decidedlr goneovertotbetortes,withwhomtheysym- pathise to their affection for Austria and tbe Pope, but al though their jucnire with tbe miserable remnants o f the reactionary party h a s swelled the ranks of the latter to sosasthingtikearespectableopposition,ittaevidentfrom tbe above figures that they would be powerless to prevent tbe passing of any measures to which tbe liberals give their supportOnMondaytheClvi!Marriageactwaaintroducedtothe first Hoeae bysjbeMbxtoteroof Justice aad EoctessaatioalAf-Daurs orranDAitarsB orPOISOSKK-Isabella Jane Stephens, the daaghtorafhto bootless efforts after emancipation, tbe noble animalroiledoverontoeside. Ifberoseagainitwasonlyto tatrs.andrefermdtoacommitteeoffifteen,headedbyM. t^objeetoftbefallbackquicklvandeachtimemoreheavily,tillat Stahl,tbePrussianDaraeli,aconvertedJew.whohasbe-lengthhetoylikealogbeforehtopersecutorsfeet,except asmarmyintotheinterior tothebusinessoftheBupsrtetententof«*•*•*""*«£!?Mr.storeysatoahim,placedhtobeadoahtohoofs, lookhis head to hto arms and told down beside him cheek b ytowl having dose all which with impunity, he one by oneremovedtheligaturesfromtbe four legs,snd tbehorse passed htaexgnctatione. Thereceipts from »*»J«»£ rotetobisteetapparentlyisaverycalmstateofmini. donmmssndfores*exceededhacaiculatoneby*3»J"£Whatevermaybethecause,tb*Bournsevmossgreat•**»«. * e are coed irfcnOs; warm eeugraluJatiuos are .tttcwuregeeMtt Tbe Papal ciffkalty to regarded with a To put a saddle en hto back after tha waa a work of a ;- Ibaiers, tbe direct taxes by BaftJWO,and tte_to"ftc*i-mM failures, snmgnsaenta snd private arrangements whichattrhanavd. an: tbe Loadee >«r*a!» that tea* such pains «:a;*«er *?e. nod tbe massattwetopaaaitohas nusnsro'is and prwatiyeeery sp*:r»aof aipoller,oslyto* He Bmfoff, tbe workingwrercgsltoa, or to mount him, except* that It gave Mr. RareysnopportunityofimpartingtotbeFrenchpublica newsystemofmountsg—thatis.newasregardsthehi tngschool,forttistbenaturalmodeusuallyaiopWby ib* untottrntted mind to Englant. It on«;st« to placing 'the foot b-i weea tbe Sank o f t b e horse aad toe stirrup, sadsoworkngthetoemtotbestirruptowardsthehorse'sby WMft), w t * the protte of the t^Z*£tmT & »7,0C0 tbaleia below the_«u 'B££'&*.Gotoan1bullionhave havefelttsasnsnteescompelled,fromtimetothee.'•itis aeeeriafsiedreUf Cpteth. ,.r«-heOtUntitled Documentu nthe other. IT you offended the King, or even th e Prime The import market was dull, owing to heavy arrivals Minister, nay, t b e awful Police President himself, y o umight hope for forgiveness, b u t any one who incurred expected of cotton goods aad twat. and to the failing offthose sham plots which that worthy made ass oftouch Stieber, people used to say, whenever he had been guiltyofsomenewescapade.heknowstoomuch.Lately, however, a series of articles had appeared to the Her stance,aGermanperiodicalpublishedinLondon,towhich the life and actions o f t h e formidable Police Councillorto inquire into th e miscellaneous civil service expendiThere was no withdrawal of gold from the bank today. The return from the Bank ofEngtani for the week end-Sir C. Wood stated that the amount of prize money for. .Congress was not likely to meet, and had received theboundary line had agreed upon ail points except one. They found themselves unable to fulfil literally tbe stipuamount to overdraw in tbe limitsof tb e aocemmodabont *> their <netoereastog shipments from allBritish pons andfrom[From the London Times (Crty Article), Feb. 4 ] t The English funds opened with great steadiness this morning, at an improvement of en eighth, aad have Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 