 * iiVirginia no injustice, still he thought the President remise in not informing the Senate whai measure he thought necessary for the defense of the frontier. The Senate could not be expected to act on newspaper re-that he and others did not know that the election was set for to-day as the special order.the Governor of Maryland, in regard.to the proposed of the measure would have voted against reconsidera- Conference of Southern States, and regretted the tion,)]! the belief that they could not finally defeat the. A scene of the wildest enthusiasm ensued upon this. was made at the time, and the portrait of Irving is one, The President put the motion, which was immedi- of the best we have seen of him.ately carried, and Mr. Foster declared nominated forGovernor by acclamatioh.- There we're exquisite little fruit pieces by George JEL 'A series of resolutions were reported reiterating the--, Hall, from the auction sale of Wednesday night, and r fundamental principles of the Democratic party as two or three capital pomological studies by Mr. Caffer- '' vA brief running debate ensued, in which the pro-measure necessary. He wanted to hear from him. It with a view to its passage, was generally admitted, timents contained in the Helper book, and the proAlvord, during their stay in the city. SXCTION 1. The several streets in the City of New-York be-•1. S t e a m e r S u n k .CINCINNATI, Thursday, March 1,1860.The steamer Challenge, from St. Louis, for the Illi- nois Eiver, sunk on Tuesday, just above St. Louis. Her cargo was all saved by removing it to barges. The boat was valued at $8,000, and insured in Pittsburg for |S,0C0.•Fire in St. I^ouis.ST. Louis, Thursday, March 1, I860.A lire broke out yesterday morning in the mill of Batras &• Ellis, on Cherry 'street, which, with the Pike'B Peak Saloon, was entirely destroyed. The boiler manufactory of Edward Boyle was considerably damaged. LOSP, $6,000; partially insured.Arrival "o* tjhe Anglo-Saxon.' PoRTr<ANJ>, Thursday, March 1, I860.The steamship Anglo-Saxon has arrived herefromLiverpool 15th via Queenstown 16th nit. Her advicesaxe identical with thoBB by the Edinburgh at New-York.powerj $3; for ten, and not exceeding thirty, $5;tliirty, and not exceeding fifty, $8; and exceeding of the water. She lies immediately in the track ofthe still continues, and is very dense. The*n<k8tern tApam-measure meets the approbatidn of the Government, •and the regiment would have been called into the Ser- vice, but for its embarrassment. Women were out- raced stripped, and left to come home without cloth- ing. If this occurred on any other frontier, public indignation would come down on those who opposedthe appropriation. . . , , . ,MrT FI2S8ENDEN said, as far as his belef wa* con- cerned; sufficient money had been expended on con-After further debate, Mr. FESSENDEN said he had an amendment to present; and the Senajg|adjourned.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.Mr. ADRAIN (A. L. Dem., N, J.) rose to a question of privilege, desiring to reply to the censures cast on the Committee appointed to make arrangements for theinauguration of the statue of Washington.miscalled free laborers of the North, really slaves tocapital, would not submit to taxation. The people oftheNorth were worse than mad to agitate Slaveryfurther,and doubly mad to talk about coercingthepeople of theSouth. When the tun should set upon this Confederacyit would put back the march of time in the progrees New-York to designate twelve papers, in which to THE KRACDT/LENT STOCK OF THE NEW-HAVEN RAIL- of free and enlightened Government more than 200 publish election notices, was taken up, but no progress ROAD.crushed to death and the fourteenth man, .mortally wounded. All were laborers and have large families.•Messrs. FARNSWORTH (RepTllU, LOVEJOY tracts toraise and maintain one regiment for a year. i (Rep.,HI.), CRAWFORD (Ad. Dem., Ga.),and othersThe hill authorizing the Board of Supervieora in:Mr. WIGP ALL a«>ked the Senator not to talk till the boor was up, and thus defeat the appropriation.If it was wrong,vote it down.Mr. EESSEKDEX (Rep., Me.) said we must debatethe proposition. The Presidential election is approach-ing. The Administration neglected to protect theThe bark White Wing, from Puerto CabeUo J a a * 4 Mr. ADRAIN thought it was unjust to the character years. There would be a. confederacy in the North, made. The bill was opposed by Messrs. LAW- Mr. Milliken has a bill before the Assembly, which ary 15, has arrived here. She sailed in company withof the Committee and of this House that some explana- one in the South, another in the North-West—the ally RENCE, SPINOLA, CONNOLLY, McLEOD MUR- has been reported favorably fromtiie Judiciary Com- the brig Elmer for New-York. . ' y 7 "frontiers, and# then charged the consequences m Mr. CARTER (Rep. N. Y.), desired to answer theon the Republicans. . Besides, it was sought to press upon them other measures which he could not speak of in open session; and besides, he wanted to hear from the Government on the subject. Let the Presinent tell us what he nee3s, and why no troops can be spared to protect the frontiers. In mat- teas of tbis sort, let us proceed in a regular manner. Mr.Dnxis: in leply to Mr. Hale, said that not more than 11,000 men of all arms were available for actual;reflections cast upon aim in connection with the reso-lution.Mr. BARKSDALE (Ad. Dem., Miss.), called him toorder.The SPE t E E R said Mr. Carter's resolution was notin possession of the House, objections having heretofore been made to its reception.try. Whose fault was it? The North had ever been and was now the aggressor. Their cry about the opening of the African slave-trade was all dem- agoguism. Not thTee thousand voters in South Carolina were in favcr of it, and in his own, (Green' ville) District, he knew of but two. The people knew that that would be the worst calamity that could be-and ordered to a third reading.Mr. GARDNERintroduced a substitute'for the At-lantic-Btreet (Brooklyn) Assessment bill, which wasthat the New-York and New-Haven Railroad Company shall, on or before the 1st of July next, indemnify and save harmless the bona fide owners of tne stock fraudu- lently issued by the late Robert Schuyler, President ofreported a bill on the subject which was under consid- eration, for the reason that'they had not heard from the War Department. It was known that Mexican marau- d e r invaded Texas; Texas had retaliated, and unlessthis state of things is terminated, an actual state of •war will exist between the two. countries. The fact stared os in the face that a portion of our own country waa invaded, and if Congress did nothing, war would result.On motion of Mr. W ASHBURN (Rep., Me.) a dred and seventy-nve persons could be got together, resolution was adopted instructing the Committee on and part of these were opposed to the object ofMr. CLEMENS (Dem., Va.) favored a postponement Mr.DOCGLA.Sdiscussed Mr.Wigfall'samend- oftheelection,asavoteto-daycanandwillbepre-entire unanimity. The proceediags were harmonious tablish one market in the East Fire District of the city hold slavesin the Territories is a judicial question and- at a cost of not more than $400,000, and a market in not a legislative one—i*s decision is committed exclu. and enthusiastic. The platform adopted protests the West Fire District at a cost of not more than sively to the Courts. The fifth declares tha^ the wholeagainsttheheresiesoftheNationalDemocraticparty' $600,000,and,asamended,wasorderedtoathird {Kiwer\HlongingtoCongressistolegislateandenactrepresentation of that sanctified spot; but the artist • has introduced a group of figures consisting of a negro • womanandtwoorthreeblackchildren^sofallofJife that they monopolize the sympathies of the spectatorand make him forget that these divinities in ebony are - sittingintheveryspotwherethedinners-oftheFather of his Country were prepared for his august appetite. The other picture is entitled "Mating." There are , two young lovers in a dove-cote, and the subject ia treated with all the tenderness and grace which it natu- rally sugeste. -There was also a newly-arrived work exhibited, which is entitled to a more extended notice than w e can now bestow upon it, by Merle of. Paris,, callediment: He took it for granted that Texas would send troops to the Rio Grande. The only question was whether they should be under a State or Federal au- thority. He" preferred the latter, and therefore urged the immediate passage of the amendment.Mr. TRUMBULL (Rep., 111.) moved to refer the bOI and amendment to the Committee on Military Affairs. Mr. WIGFALL taid this was one of the cases of pressing necessity which admitted of no delay. He nad moat incontestable evidence of this necessity, and the same character of evidence has been accumulating in the War Department for the last three or fourmonths.Mr.FESSENDEN said, as the War Departmentmade no recommendation to the Senate, it must not believe the evidence.vented by dilatory motions.Mr. BRANCH was willing to compromise with theunderstanding that a vote be taken at 1 o'clock to-mor- row, after a call of the House.Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.) objected, saying that tomorrow would be the first private bill day.It was finally agreed to postpone the matter till to- morrow.The House went into Committee of the Whole on the President's ainual message.Joiin Cochrane has given notice of a bill for the preservation of human life on board of sfc9^mboats transporting passengers between the City of New-York and-btaten Island.in relation to Slavery in the Territories.WisconsinRepublican Convention. CHICAGO, Thursday, Feb. 29, I860.The Wisconsin Republican State Convention met at Madison to-day. Carl Shultz,-Hans Crocker, John P . McGregor, and Thomas Stoddardt were chosen Dele- gates at large to the Chicago Convention. Strong res- olutions were passed, instructing the r>elegates to vote for Wm. H. Seward as the Presidential candidate.reading..aw8 and execute them. It belongs to thejudiciary to interpret them, and their decision is final- and conclu- sive, andshould.be cheerfully acquiesced iiu Sixth—the- breakers on which the ship of State was likely to rect. There could be no doubt of the existence of a be shattered into a thousand fragments. Could thisMr. fylGFAHL said that that inference was incor-state of war on the Rio Grande, aed action should be momentous question be settled in the Union, pre-for the appropriation, ana take tne responsibility. The legitimate result of the teachings of Northern senti-whole military department of the Government was ment. While the irrepressible conflict was waged Krcsely misarranged. The Army should be removed on the one hand, on the other the sapping and miningleaders, and declaring Edward Bates the choice of the that it would have a tendency to injure the Republican ters of State policy of Governor Packer and his THE Foe.—All day yesterday the city wasnnder a . Convention for the Presidency. The resolutions were party, and because it was uuwiee and improper per se. prompt and patriotic action in delivering to the au-. unanimously adopted amid tremendous applause. Mr. Murphy informed Mr. Spinola of a fact which was thorities of Virginia, the fugitives- from justice who fog, and communication with' Long Island, N e w * On motion, a Committee wsis appointed to report an patent to the whole Senate, that the lion's skin which participated in the Harper's Ferry outrage3. Thir- Jersey, and more distant points, by water, was seriouslyfrom Utah, where they were only enric'amg the Mor-process was pursued, all for the purpose of bringing about ultimate Abolition. He indulged in no men- ace. Too much of that had been heard on bothaides, but he warned gentlemen of the Republican side that they must speedily pause in their career or expect to eee this confederacy rent asunder as if by the bolt from Heaven. He was not surprised that the disunion threats of a certain class of Southern- politi- cians excited only derision, but those who say least would be found the most potent and dangerous ad- versaries, and the indorsement of the Helper book, the John Brown invasion and the emissaries detect- ed in the South, and properly punished, had done mere to weaken the bonds of the Union in the las; twelve months, than all else within his memory. These events had aroused in his people a spirit hard to allay. Many of their merchants had ceased to visit Northern marts, and their business men and artisans were taking measures to secure commercial independ- ence, were assured that political independence mast easily follow. They were no longer to remain mere cotton-growers and producers for the _North. The hardy mountaineer would grasp his rifle still more firmly when he learned that the North is still aggressive, and that territorial restriction and emancipation are the order ofthe day. He knew they were not to be benefited byturning loose ahbrde of lazy free negroes, and that the honor of thoir wives and daughteis would not be safe an hour if all restraints were removed from the slave population.. Thus all classes were ready to meet the issue if it were forced upon them, and would rot shrink from it. They were lovers of the Constitution, and were willing to maintain it in its .integrity, but would never submit to have it explained away under the cry of Union. If aggreB*ions were continued under tha+i cry, they would meet it with the slogan " the South/' "the South." The Uiion without the Constitution had no charms for them^ and if Northern hos- tility we^t a ttep farther, all the powers of earth could not keep this Union together.mons by their presence.Mr. H A L E said he had arrived at a^ different con-electoial ticket, and the Convention adjourned. he had assumed was not large enough to cover the teenth—The convictions of the Democratic party of entire animal. Pennsylvania remain unshaken in the wisdom and N e w s f r o m t h e A f r i c a n S q u a d r o n . After further debate by Messrs. Goss and Lapham justice of adequate protection to coal, iron^ wool,/aud BOSTON, Wednesday, Feb. 29,1860. against Chenango, and Messrs. Freeman and Ramsey the great staples of the country. The views of Mr. Buchanan on the subject of specific duties were ap- proved. Representatives in Congress are desired to procure euch modifications of the laws as the unwise legislation of the Republican party in 1857 renders necessary to the prosperity of the industrial interestsimpeded, if not entirely suspended. Steamers bound • to sea, and ships and steamships homeward bound, had to anchor at Quarantine or come to inside the Hook, the weather being too thick for them to venture from : their moorings. Last night the fog became much denser, and it was with the utmost difficulty that tha _ ferry-boats on the shorter routes could feel their way ^clusion. Be believed the Administration inefficient, and therefore would not vote to place $1,100,000 in its hand*. What on earth was the army doing 7 What was it for I As soon as a little difficulty arises, an increase is asked for. He would vote against this amendaent, and would vote against appropriating an- other dollar for West Point. He was in favor of abolishing that institution. In 1840, there was a test vote in the lower House which declared by a vote of 97 to 70 that it was inexpedient to maintain the Mil- itary Academy. Ho, at that time, acted on instructions from the Democratic Legislature of New-Hampshire, which was then called the South Corolina of the North. He was not a candidate for the Piesidency, and therefore what he said was not to be taken as the programme of any political movement.Mr. SAULSBU&T (Dem.. DeL) moved to refer to the Committee on Military Affairs. Carried.Mr. HALE moved that when the Senate adjourn, it adjourn till Monday.Mr. IVERSON (Dem., Ga.) opposed the motion. Fridav had been set apart for private bills. There were "150 of them on the calendar which ought to be acted upon.The motion was lost.Mr. GW1N moved to reconsider the vote by which the Military-Academy bill was referred to the Com- auttse on Miliary Affaire. He said it was never usual to refer appropriation bills to any other Committee but that of Finance.Pending this, en motion of Mr. DAVIS, the bill aa- thom&g the Hale of arms to the States, and requiring the Superintendents of Armories to be appointed from the Ordnance Corps, was taken up. * •Mr. HALE opposed the taking of the appointment ofSuperintenden's from civilians, and read extracts fom ft ,-e,crt made in the House some years ago inAn arrival at Salem brings advices from the African for it, the Committee roee, reported progress^ and made squadron to Dec. 14. the bill the special order for to-morrow, immediately Capt. William M. Armstrong ofthe San Jacinto had alter the reading of the Journal. The indications are that the Chenango provision will be stricken out, andsupport of his position. They had heard vain-glorious boasting about coercing , Mr. DA VIS replied, controverting the facte statedrecord of all applications, whether granted ornot. CharlestonHotel.1 • C When the inspectors shall refuse to grant a certificateLiverpool,passedSandyHook a£12:30n,m^ and.an*, chored at the South-west Spit; She le$tbe^plt & A p. m., but the fog becoming aaxvre.densax she anohpsed* • again near the Narrows, T£v ferriea, on bothiiW* i*&the rspoit referred to by the Senator from New- the South, and putting eighteen millions of the Northto an applicant, they are required to give their rea-sons therefor in writing. The bill further providesthat from and after three months from the date of thepassage of this act, no person shall use any steam ap- who died suddenlyat sea on Monday, on board the te*1 Island ferry-boats rn^a but twatrips^aftejj12 m. \Hamp*bire. , had no eighteen millions, while the South had a popu-MJ. SIMMONS"(Rep., R. I.), moved to strike oat lation of twelve millions. In a crasade of this kind, the first section entirely, .saying arms. could be better the North proper wonld stand alone. The greatparatusj^without a ccrtiiicate from. the inspector, on pain of $20 fine for every day of such use. The same penalty is provided against any person who.shall act as an engineer without a license from the inspector, and-against parties employing engineers without proper license. .*. ',.•,-.:•The fines under this act are to go one half to theAo collisions or aecitfonU oi a seri.^u nature have' oc- schooner Hannah Martin* was a native of Alexandria, curred, except the cag&Qf the 8^am«r J i v e ^ h ^ y » .made in private establishments. Northwest, bound to the South as with hooks enira in 0 11Virginia. * '-, * '.".'•>..£•, \/-i'•">••:<.*^-Marine.; Disasters.NJBW-OKLKANS; Wednesday, Feb. 29, 1860.- The ship' Samuel Lawrence, from Havana, has ar-rived, leaking badly..-CHAPLK&TON, Wednesday, Feb. 29,1860.u^ir?*^*^**' *d» t^ co" ** of which Mr of 8t«-cl by the great river of the West,MASON wwd Virginia had found it necesttsiry, o wingWthe relation* the States now bore to each other, towould desert her, while the Pacific States, upon the principle of self-presexvation, would takeAt about 11 b^ciwjk p. in. the fog d i s p * ^ , and the *•tiappropriate $500 000 for the purchase of arm*, and care of themselves. The South would stand fire,would continue that from year to vear, until she wasPrepaid for any emergency. She had sent to Europe united and invincible, while the Northern States,,tor estimates, and would be very e*uiioua>hoar «he eveu granting the eighteen million would be dividtd fought arm* inad* in the Northern seeiiau,*f the con among themselves. The South had faithful alliesatmosphere wasitwmspareiitagain.. ; - •; VI I VtIifejer&fcy. H& oenied that arias inade in private fac- "-IUJC, true to tu«. Constitution, and the Uuion; and theyM&tm.1l0&*••-•..•for('I obiected.Mr. CRITTENDEN (S. Am., Ky ) said they had noreason to suppose that the President regarded any such priety of placing the bill in a position to. be reached, "sword, and throw away the scabbard." If the sen-Hon.E. W* Leavenworth, and the Hon. Thomas G. The People of the State of New-York, represented in Senate and Ae*ex»bly,do enact as follows:was altogether wrong for us to initiate a matter of thissort. The President had control-of the army andnavy, and he suggested it should come from him. IfTexas was necessitated to call ont troops to protect her the President for the correspondence from Gov. Hous- without an hour of unnecessary delay; and if this border?, the fault was with the President, who hadtrust deeds was passed.No further movement was made to reconsider thevote on the Pro-Rata bill, but a close canvass in the afternoon showed that ten votes, cast yesterday for the bill, were ready to change, and vote to reconsider it.At.the Evening Session^ a report was received from the Commissioners of Emigration, stating the amount ofthe loss and expense by the destruction ofthe build- iogs ofthe Quarantine at $321,156 59.be continued and extended westerly along the present lines thereof, commencing at the Thirteenth avenue to the bulkhead line, or line of solid filling, as established by "An act to estab- lish bulkhead and pier lines for the port of New-York," passed April 17,1857.SKC. 2. All erants of lands covered with water, lawfully mado, or to be made, by the Mayor, Aldermen, aud Commonalty of the City of New-York, extending to Thirteenth avenue, or to tbe bulkhead line as established by an act of April 12,1837, and between Fourteenth and Thirteenth streets, in the City of New- York, are hereby extended to tbe bulkhead line as established by an act passed April 17,1857, and the proprietors of siid grantneglected his duty. It was not according to the scheme of our Government that a State should act for herselfand then ask the Government to foot the bill.Mr. MASON said the President had not been soton of Texas relative to the troubles on the frontier, was adopted.course of insult and aggie?sion was pursued, though he claimed to be a Constitution and Union-loviog man, he would return to his constituents himself to 86und the alarm, and kindle with his own hands the beacon fires on hill-tops, and maintain the rights of-eracy was actually invaced.Mr. MASON denied that his remarks were suscepti-past record on the Slavery question showed him to be move a reconsideration white the Assembly was en-Secessery to a choice. 69. .Mr. E J L G O R E (Rep., Ind.) remarked that the gen- ports'and statements oi individuals. He believed the tleman might have known it. .measure had not been brought about.The Committee rose, and the House adjourncdvB a t e s N o m i n a t e d i n JZOssouri*Special Dispatch to The N. Y. Tribune.'measure, and the consciousness that they a?e heartily tired of the subject, and glad-to have it up in the Senite out of the way of other measures in the House.' . , HULL-GATE PILOTS.Texas frontier was purposely neglected to produce a war with Mexico, in order that certain ulterior pur- poses might be accomplished. He feared the diffi- culties had been purposely fomented by the people of Texas, and he charged that the President had grossly neglected his duty.The sf ecSal order—Mr. Brown's resolutions—coming up, they were postponed till Tnesday next at 2On motion of Mr. JOHNSON (Dem., Tenin.), the Homestead bill was made the special order) for Wedneedav at 1\ o'clock.Mr. HOUSTON said there were a thousand things they ought to know but did not know.Mr. ICLLGORE replied that he at least knew his duty here.Mr. HOUSTON said the gentleman ought to be beaten with many stripes for his encroachments upon the rights of his fello w citizens.Mr. KILGORE—The charge is unfounded.Mr. HOUSTON—You are a living evidence of the fact.Here there were loud calls of " order," " order."The Hell-Gate Pilot bill, which, passed the- Senate proclaimed at the Conventions held in Baltimore andsome weeks ago, wa3 amended in the Assembly to- Cincinnati. The second deprecates the agitation of ty. But the great attractions of the exhibition) werewhen its further consideration was post|>oned for three weeks.gramme marked out by Mr. Se.w&rd, were found to in- dicate truly the sentiment of the North, nineteen- twentieths of his constituents were in favor of disunionencouraging than on any previous occasion of the* kind.In fact, wo have never seen a finer show of paintings' from our younger artists than were exhibited at the Reception last night. In two styles of painting in ' which we have, hitherto, been lamentably deficient,. there were examples of the highest order—marine views and genre subjects. In the former there were five or six small paintings full of genuine feeling and" manifesting earnest study, hj Mr. A. W . Warren, a young artist of whom we have before made mention. Ii ::s very evident that he paints from his study of na- ture and not from other men's studies, and we were not eurprised to hear that he put himself to school by going a voyage to sea round Cape Horn before t h e mast for the sole purpose of making sea sketches. En- thusiasm like this cannot fail to meet its due reward.There were two or three coast-scenes of great merit, by Mr. C. T. Dix, and some charming little sea-side views, by William Hart and R. M. Staigg. Maurice.: Hart bad some very admirable landscapes, as had\ Sbakuck,Boughton,Nichols, and Gilford. Mr. Gignoux had a very remarkable sea-piece, representing some huge icebergs on the Banks of Newfoundland. AmongMr. CURTIS'S (Rep., Iowa) resolution, calling uponA resolution was adopted authorizing eleven of the principal Committees to employ one Clerk each at $4 per day.tardy as the Senator fiom.Kentucky represented. At Mr. JOHN^COCHRANE (Dem., N. Y.), from the the South with flaming dagger and blazing torch. The annual reports ofthe State Enginser, and of the are hereby vested whh all the right, title, and interest of the the last eesaion the P r u d e n t recommended three or Committee •n^ommerce? reported a bill for the better His cry should be, " T o arms!" It was the hope Institution for the Instruction of the Deaf and Dumb, State of New-York, of, in, aud to the strip of land underwater, four new regiments, but Congress did not carry out protection orfemale immigrants on the high seas. He of the South, a few _weeks go, that Virginia were presented. adjacent to, and in front of their respective lands so granted, be-bis wish*?. They did authorize three regiments of caused to be read a memorial of the New-York Emi- would take the, lead iu some measures for the The bill to widen Atlantic avenue in Brooklyn was tween the above mentioned lines of solid filling.established by said act of April 17,1867, and the westerly side of tbe Thirteenthvolunteers, but aid not provide any appropriation. grant Commissioners, showing the abuses committed amended by inserting the names of Alexander McCue, All that was desired now was an appropriation of y captains and others on such passengers. The bill rotection of Southern interests, but from present in- Eliakim Sherrill, Jno. G. Bergen, and J. C. Brevoort,avenue, as established by uaid act of April 12,1837. Pennsylvania Democratic Conven-tion.BEADING, Pa., Thursday, March 1,1860.The delegates at large to the Charleston Convention and they would do it unless Congress acted. We then tion, gifts, or presents, a misdemeanor punishable with planting themselves under the standard of the great the law for the collection of demands against ships, are Wm. Bigler. John L. Dawson, Wm. Montgomery,money to carry ont an existing law. Tnere was am- bad the sanction of the Senate and two Committees of Sications there was no likelihood of immediate action. as Commissioners, and ordered to a third reading.ple and urgent reason for passing this measure. The representations received here were that the people of Texas thocght the only way to put an end to the diffi-this House. As near as he could understand the present position Also, bills to confirm and make valid the ordinances The bill was read. It makes the violation of a fe- of Virginia, she tenders to the North again the isaae of the Common Council of the City of New-York, re-male, or connection with her under promise of mar- of the ballot-box in the coming Presidential election. gulating Fifty-ninth street, Fifty-first street, the Third * culties was to seize the northern provinces of Mexico, riage, threat}, or exercise of authority, or by solicita- He and his people would accept that issue, and avenue, and Fifty fourth street; and a bill to amendwould either have to make war on Texas to release Mexico, or war on Mexico to protect Texas. All that was now asked for was to provide for calling out one of the regiments already authorized by law.and Joseph E. Baker.Bichard Vaux Of Philadelphia and George McKimof Berks were chosen electors at large.Nominations were made for a candidate for Govern-or. William H. Witte's name was hailed with tre- mendous applause, and a salute was fired by the Key- stone Club.Among the other names put forward were John L. Mr. COBB (Dem.. Ala.) would not vote another vote. Mr. McClernand have voted steadily with the reconsider the vote on the final passage of the Pro- Dawson, Jacob Fry, Nimrod Strickland, and H. B.line and imprisonment.. Further proceedings in regard to the bill, were ter-Democratic narty of the South, would make an effort veesels, &c.to elect the man, whoever he might be, who shouldbe nominated by that party at Charleston. H they from Our Own Correspondent.ALBANY, Thursday, March 1, 1860.minated by the expiration ofthe morning hour.The House went into Committee of the Whole on went down in that struggle, they would uniteMr. i ESSENDlSN said the Senator from Virginiaadmitted there was a communication from the Gov-ernor of Texas in the hands of the President relativeto the c'fmcurty on the frontier, and yet he made us nocommunication on the subject. He inferred from theSenator's remarks that tne President was so muchoffended because hk recommendations at the last ses-sion were not carried out, that he would not make any Territories. He believed that it was the purpose of of Cuba, with her institutions, and regarded Slavery could not be entertained except by unanimous consent. further recommendation, though a State of the Confed-the state of the Union.The bill to carry into effect the treaties with thein such action as the exigency required. He defended his vote for Mr. McClfcrnandfor Speaker, which had been denounced by a Democratic paper in his District, as an Anti-Slavery Squatter-SovereigntyPRO-RATA.Indians of Oregon and Washington^ ratified in MarchIn the Assembly to-day Mr. Jakway of Washington County rose to a question of privilege, and moved tolast, was taken up.Mr.ASHMORE (Dem.,S.C.)addressedtheHouse Opposition Convention in Missouri.of the whole country. All sovereignty reets with " The Story. Teller." It represents a wHte-haired old *the people, who hold power to conduct the man entertaining a group of children, who are- listen- Government through their representatives. The Gov-ernment ean only exist as a union of States-^-sover- ing to his narrative with wrapt attention. It ia one of , eign and independent within their own limits, in- their the finest works we have had from the modern Frenchon the Slavery question, which, in his view, presentedST. Louis, Thursday, March 1,1860. The Missouri Opposition Convention met at Jefferson yesterday. Most of the counties were represented. The attendance was large and expressive of the utmostpromptly taken. serving all the rights of all the States? Corrupt harmony and enthusiasm.. 'own domestic concerns, but bound together as a people- by the General Government. Eighth—In the adop- tion of the Federal Constitution the States acted sev- erally as free and independent sovereignties, delegating a portion of their powers to the Federal Governmentschool Mr. Belmont's picture Of the " Good Sister," , by the eame artist, has already made him favorably known on this side of the Atlantic.The motion to refer to the Committee on Military demagogues, designing politicians, and unscrupulous Affairs was lost. partisans had so exasperated one section of theMr. DOOL1TTLE asked if the same proposition country against the other, that there was no was before the Committee on Military Affairs. longer either harmony or confidence, and reconciliationMr, DAVIS said the Committee were waiting a re- seemed impossible. As a Southern man he.had looked pott from the War Department. npon this general distrust and antagonism with fore- Mr. DOOLITTLE moved to postpone till next bodings, but he had indulged a nope that some combi- nation of fortuitous circumstances would arrest this Mr.* GROW thought it better to refer to a Commit- condition of things. This hope had been sadly disap- tee, and not to postpone. pointed. Whose fault was it ? The South never Mr. WILSON iKep.,Mass.) said the Governor of demanded more than her rights under the Con- Texas asked protection, and tne Senator* from Texas stitution, while the North had evinced a dispositionwere demanding the same. He thought the facts were to trample all these rights under foot, and her well known, and should vote for tbe appropriation. continual aggressions had culminated at last in theThe Administration has grossly neglected the State ofTexas but he would not imitate its example. Hewould' not stand on technical points, but would voteThe Convention was permanently organized by the election of the Hon. Abell Leonard as President, with the usual number of Vice-Presidents and Secretaries..The President, on taking the chair, announced the object of the Convention to be the nomination of the Hon. Edward Bates as a candidate for the Presidency of the United States.Mr* Bell moved to strike out the provision for the arrant heresies of the Democratic party in regard to extension of the Chenango Canal, which was vigor-Slaverj in the Tcrritories^thereoperungof the Slaveryagitation and the African slave-trade, and to thetreasonable avowal that on the elevation to the Presi-dency in a regular and constitutional mode of the can-tripple crimes of murder, insurrection, and treason, perpetrated by John Brown. This extraordinary at-a.'ninst eight millions of the South; but the NorthCapt. Adams, late of the schooner James Rose, continue tp run, hut at vez« long mUrvals; "The Sta-..y &.'//*;..-.>>0.,SifiJ.Vi,v•r.\v-'.••:.-'rw<?s fy&s&r .f/,j§8i .•••;j$mH *v&*&*** t^ $&&&$&&f'7,.,rT j..;••-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069A series of resolutions was adopted opposing thebeen suspended for disobedience of orders and sent home.that the bill willbe passed.INSPECTION OF STEAM BOILERS.of Pennsylvania. Fourteenth—Indorses the nomination from slip to slip. The boats of the Peck Slip a n d ^ of Henry D. Foster. Also pledges the Democracy of Roosevelt street Ferries to^Williamshurghwere obliged Pennsylvania to the nominee of the Charleston Con- to suspend their trips altogether. At noon" yesterdayLieut. Edward Donaldson and Carpenter Dibble of the fame ship had been sent home on account of ill health.Lieut. A. K. Hughes was in command of the Sin Jacinto.It was expected that First. Lieut. C. S. McDonough ofthe Constellation wonld be assigned to the command ofthe Sumter.Lieut. Eiel had been transferred from the Portsmouth to the supply ship.Lieut. Brown.had been transferred from-the supply ship to the Portsmouth.The U. S. steamer Mystic was getting under way at St. Paul de Loando, ana would proceed forthwith to St. Helena, with a requisition, from Commodore Tru- man upon Sir Drummond Hay, Governor, for the Captain, officers-and*crew of the bark Orion, taken byThere is a bill before the Assembly, introduced byMr. Jones of Brooklyn, "To provide for the inspec-" tion of steam boilers and engines, and their appurte- vention. The President briefly addressed the Conven- our marine reporter made the following report:the British ship-Pluto, with 888 slaves on board. Mjatic was under the command of Lieut. LeRoy.••TheTUe Schr. JB. S. Johnson.NoRFor.K,Thursday, March 1,1860. Dyer, coal loaded, badly staving her port 3i<] caueJig; ,•-Mr. MASON (Dem.. Va.) aaid that unless the Gov- fiories were equal to those made under the supervision would be no idle spectators. The North would he NEW-^YQKK LEGISLATIVE. Department the eutirs fine goes to the widows' and ^rnment act speed'ly Texas would act for herself, and of officers of the army, whose word aer men of honor left, when the hour of coercion arriveB, with even less orphans' funds-. The Inspectors are authorized, withFatal Accident,^^'v,\: WM NEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, MARCH 2, 1860.CittciUNkTi, Thursday, March 1, I960. tyring on a State war between this country and Mexico. was better than any bond. papulation than the South. The iasae of arms, the sanction of the • Controllers of their respective At 8 o'clock thia morning, as the workmen were en-He urged the adoption of the amendment, ' ' Mr. PUGH (Dem., Ohio) opposed the bill. It would 7the gauge of battle would be accepted^ without hesir, SENATE....ALBANY, March. 1,. _.. cities, to appoint suoh assistants as may be necessary,Mr. HALE (Kep., ST. H.) wanted to reduce—noVin- bring the Government into competition with private tation, and the South!would meetthe Jfart&inthe $ iPeMdhs *br a hewlu^fropolitani Police bm.; andfbr whose compensation shall be jpaid by the Inspectors gaged in tearing down St. Xavier Catholicghurch. o«cxeaee—the army. There were now plenty of troops ind.viduals. If officers of the Army are so much supe- open field. -The South could sustain more men in pro-rata"Railroad tolls, one of which was signed by- out of the fees received for their services. Sycamore street, the walla fell, burring VS or 20 la-1tiPpNttwt the ftontier. He thought there was no ne- rior, better give them all the posts in the Government.•eeefty for & regiment until the existing, force was With no disrespect to them, he would say that theover 500 citizens of Queens County were presented. borers in the ruins. Up to 10 o'clock, ten bodies hare the field than the North. Her four millions of •Mr. EIERO noticed the bill to define the duties of A hill like this may, be. desirable-rcertainly, some ^beentaken:OUt.^'':' u^s ifi&V^|. ti^'^fW^MW^1^'shown to he msusiaent. •..:••• * ••_?U Mr. WIGFALL said they had a line of &*&»$ °f xme thousand miles, for the defense of wh«ca there -were three* companies of cavalry, nnmbenng in all one hundred and forty-nine, and one hundred and janets-two other troops. Tbey need troops there, be-,word of a private citizen was quite as reliable. He would never vote to put officers of the Army in civil employments.Mr. DA VIS made a sharp reply.Blaves alone would enable her to support an army Inspectors of State Prisons. \ .. V further protection against explosions in our manufac- of half a million. They could raise a yearly revenue turing establishments ought to be adopted. BuV it* is on imports of forty mi'lion dollars, or if their ports 'mil A bill was introduced'for the appointment of Canal feared that the enactment of this bill will conflict, with were blockaded by the navy of the North, they could Appraiser of each'canal county in the State.best customers, and butcher the men from whom they the Supreme Court and Court of Appeals. .derive their subsistence? Where was the popula- The Pro-Rata bill was received from the Assembly, tion to support the taxation which the South could and sent to a Select Committee, composed, of Messrs. lay with impunity upon her unresisting slaves? The Sessions, Pross, and Connolly.J : ^ V " " : ^ECOIfD ©ISPATCHi * •.' ' ' - ' * i ' ^ ' cThe church was the oldest Catholic church in tfc*>Mr. PUGH said the tone of the Senator's remarks was cause the northern frontier is in a state of war. 1 his bill, and should do so.after be created by law; bat nothing in this tection contained morning it unexpectedly fell in. Fifteen men were at afcall abrogate any office created for tbe purpote of protecting thepublic health or the interest* ot the State in it» property, reve- work at the time in the range of the falling walL nue, tolls or purchases, or of supplying the people with correct 'Only one succeeded in escaping. Thirteen were standards of weights and measures, or shall prevent the creationraiee nearly as large a sum by taxation. Would the '' BILLS PASSED.millions at the North, thrown out of employment by Por extending the power of Courts in the punish-city, and was being torn down for the purpose of gir- art. 5, sec. 8, of the State Constitution. This section mgplace to a new one. . >reads as follows: [['' •„ . The accident was caused by an attempt to overthrow "All •ffices for the weighing, fanging. JwwmrlBgy culling, or In- a wall twenty feet high,one foot thick, and thirty feet improper. He had a right to make objections * tq any secession, rush to the battle-field for employment? ment of criminals; for the establishment of a Board of spectlBg any merchandi*e,.prodnce, mamiJa*tvre,or commodity ion&,hy undermining. fThe rain yesterday affected the Would their strikers for higher wages turn upon their Pardons; to give administrators' causes preferenoe in whatever, are hereby abolished/and no roch office inaJI here- foundation, and as soon as it was a little loosened, thlation was not pennhVed to be made when censure has of the South. And still another on the far Pacific, PHY, and others. mittee, to indemnify the holders of the fraudulentbeen cast on the Committee by Mr. Carter's resolu- tion.destined to be the mightiest and grandest of all; or, Several bills were considered in Committee of the Schuyler etock of the New-Haven Eailroad Company, if this should not nappen, they could see in the Whole. Mr. Ketchum's bill to authorize Commission- which is rather "steep" andeummary initsprovisionH, present state of Mexico what is to be the sad and ers to proceed with the settlement of the boundary to say the leastj though I am not prepared to say mined future of our now happy and prosperous coun- line between New-York and Connecticut was debated positively that it is unjust. The bill proposes to enactMr. PHELPS (Ad. Dem., Mo.), from the Com- fall the institution of Slavery. At a meeting calledsame, and all other powers of the Commissioners, Company to extend their track -from the Connecticutshall be transferred to theLong Island Railroad Com- line to the New-York and Harlem Railroad, be and the pany. The Company has the power to extend the same is hereby repealed from and after the 3d of July,mittee on Ways and Means, reported back with amend- in favor of the project near. Charleston, alter ex- service. The Committee on Military Affairs had not ments the bill to establish an Assay Office at St. Louis. tensive advertising and great parade, only one hun-time of assessments.The bill to release the Tonawanda Indians from thepayment of certain taxes,' so as to nullify the sale of their lands, made by the Controller last year, wasI860. The act alsojprovides that the Company may mortgage the New-York portion of the ioad to raise the needful to pay off these clamorous claims.WATER GRANTS AND DOCK PRIVILEGES.The following bill has been reportedirom the Judic- iary Committee of the Senate, and committed to the Committee ofthe Whole:AN ACT to extend certain streets and to confirm grants to lvidunder water, made by the Mayor, Aldermen, aud Commonalty of the City of New-York, within the Harbor Commissioners' line of solid filling, passed ApriflT, 1857.Public Lands to inquire into the expediency of abolish- ing a portion of the land offices or reducing the expen- ses connected with that branch of business.Mr. W ASHBURNE (Repv 111.), from the Committee on Commerce, reported a Dill amendatory of the act providing for the safety of passengers on boats propelled in whole or part by steam.the meeting. But the Nor Jo. refused to render back escaped slaveB, and kept in good faith no solitary compromise. Aggression was ner watchword, and if the South continued to complain, she was met by scoffs and insults, and threats of coercion. This was aroueing in the quiet men at the South a spirit of de- termined resistance. They were cryiug, " Let us " settle this question at once, and, if need be, draw theordered to a third reading.ASSEMBLY.The Governor sent in a Message re^-rding finances,similar to that presented to the Senate.The privileges of the floor were extended to thedollar for ratifying these trea;y stipulations unvil he Southern State-Rights Democracy, and was voted for Rata bill, to which Mr. Flagler objected. The Speaker Wright.was satisfied the South were to have equal rights in the by them in return. He was in favor ofthe annexation decided that the. objection was fatal, since the motion The first ballot resulted as follows:the landscapes, too, were some striking pictures by- 12 Sontag, and a very charming sun-set by Kensett.Baker, Hall, and Carpenter, contributed some fine;cthe Republican party to exclude her.No action was taken on the bill.The Committee rose with the view of proceeding toWitte 49|Wright...in the Territories as a strictly jadicinl question. His It would, have been competent for a member to Fry .,..,.*...•.... .30J Balance scattering.as sound as James K. Polk, and even sounder than gaged in the third reading of bills, but as members had the election of a Printer, that being the special order. James Buchanan. He voted for him iu good faith for permitted that opportunity to pass, the^question couldOn the second ballot there was no cho'ce..ble of such au inference. He had said that, night be-fore lart, the President received such information fromthe Governor of Texas as satisfied him that the Sena-tors from Texas were right in asking an appropriation. and two Republicans were absent who had not paired, answer with a monosyllable. He was identified with. Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. G.) moved to postpone the thesolepurposeof defeating the Republicans,andif election until to-morrow, saying that five Democrats ore of his peers should question his motives, he wouldnot now be considered one of privilege.It is said that four or five who voted for the bill yes-She brin«8 no duplicate passenger list of the steamship informant (when such iufoimant is not one of the in-Hungarian. The officers of the Auglo-Saxon think, spectors, assistants, or employees), and one half towidows' and orphaus' fund of the Fire Department. however, there were not over thirty five passengers Wa$n tee, information comes from the Inspectors,'The shjp Gondar, at this port, passed, J a n . 26, iu W4S°. long. J6° 10', ii large ship waterlogged, withof her mqjta standing, supposed. tQ ho. British*:•'••'• part orb»f«ro Fiidaj.Mwoh ttfcttta ttat.ttw*onboard the Hungarian.i£&» •:•••., . ,-"-•'•-'•;'.'.:<&•;Untitled Document•Mi :'h SJktfSS•.-fa: Ki SVw T ;?^MVf ii'M'• '• • • ' : / • ' #; • •>:\: •:.i%mm\\S(V;, &S ••:/:.<:iih,i••"••«#3fILi •:•< 1 ;b&i !.:*>:.:•• muz. ,&&& ,*?•&•« : . ; . S ^ " W,iffl!&MilEVENING SESSION.of any office for such purpose hereafter."-The Canal Apppopriation bill was made the special order for to-morrow, and the Anti-Rent bills the spe- cial order for Thursday next.• If this bill were for the protection of the health of the people, instead of the protection of their lives, there would seem to he no reasonable •doubt of its Constitutionality.The coroner is now holding an inquest.From Venezuela. PHILADELPHIA, Thursday, March 1,1860. 'terday would have voted for a reconsideration to-day;Mr. HOUSTON (Dem., Ala.) favored this, saying the recent letter of the Governor of South!Carolina to but on the other hand a large-number ofthe opponents- moreland, be nominated for Governor by acclamation. politan Hall, in this city, a fe w years ago. The sketch.;Mr. PESSENDEN wished to do the Senator from. off. the State-Rights Democracy of the South, approvedJEFFERSON CITY , Mo., Feb. 29, I860-. * AlargeConventionofalltheelementsofOpposi- passed.createheart-burningsjandaccomplishnopossiblegood- wouldplacehiminthefrontran^sofliving genre,day, so as to permit captains of veesels, or seamen en- gaged on board, to. pilot through Hell-Gate, andSlavery in or out of Congress, as tending to weaken two small picturesby Mr. Eastman Johnson?, which- the bonds of common union, excite animosity, and thusThe third declares that Congress has no right orjpower painters, even though he had never exhibited bis " Old tion, from all parts of the State, met here to-day, The bill for the establishment of Public Markets in to legislate on the subject of Slavery in the Territories. IKentucky Home." One of these is called "Washing- and nominated Judge BA TES for President, with Brooklyn was amended in the Assembly so as to es- The fourth eajs the question of the right of citizens to ton's Kitchen at Mount Vernon," It gives an exactMARKETS IN BROOKLYN.CITY RAILROADS.Mr. P . P . Murphy offered a resolution that all appli-cationsfromthe-CityofNew-Yorkforrailroadsin ThedoctrineofanirrepressibleconflictbetweenNorththat city be referred to the Senators from that city, with instructions to elaborate and report a bill whereby the benefits of the railroad franchises granted may inure to the city and the people of the city, instead of speculators-Mr. Spinola proposed to amend, so that the bills be all refeiied to the Committee of the Whole; but on motion of Mr. McGraw the resolution was tabled.A SERMON BEFORE THE LEGISLATURE.The Committee appointed by the legislative prayer- meeting to invite some distinguished divine to deliver a Sabbath discourse before the Governor, State.oflicers, and Le&is)ature, have invited the Rev. Dr. McClintock, President of the Troy University, to deliver the dis- course. That gentleman has accepted the invitation, and will preach in the M. E. Church, Hudson street, on Sunday morning next. 'The Senate and Assembly have accepted ihe invitation to attend.COMPLETION OE THE CANALS.and South is fraught wiUh danger to the beet interests and dearest rights of the people of the Confederacy. Seventh—The union of the States is above and beyond all price, and it is the duty of every patriot to frown indignantly upon any attempt to alienate one portion of the Union from the rest. Eighth—This treason is deprecated as an attempt of sectional parties. Every eflort of such parties to obtain control of the Government is to be resisted, formed as the Government was, for the common good>• IIMI1*The country continues in a distracted condition, m^ the civil war prevailed without abatement or decisive result. Gen. Zamora was killed in a recent action atValencia. 3$ The Hungarian.HALIFAX, Wednesday, Feb._29~'T.Pf.nV;:;if We have nothing whatever from the wreck of fch*Hungarian. '-' & m* 1HE LAST ARTISTS'. RECEPTION FORITHE SEASON.' > ," : vrThough Ihe weather"last night was disgustingly oh-,pleatfint, to say the least of it, Dodworlh's Hall wad"crowded with a biUliant assemblage of the notabilitiesand beauties of this,metropolis, the attraction being thelast of the Art?sts' Receptions for the season. These >exceedingly pleasant reunions came to a most swan-like and dolphin-expiring conclusion. The previous?exhibitions were so far from exhausting the resourcesof our city studios, that on this closing night the array The bill to dispense with the necessity of a seal in tween Fourteenth and Thirty-first streets, both inclusive, shall of works of a^t on the walls was more satisfactory andadopted.' It provides that when the Commissionershave made the assessment list, the collection of the the Road; otherwise the act of 1846, authorizingIfcheAdjourned.• .Mr. Prosser moved to take from the table the billfor the completion of the Canals, which was carried; as security against dangors, domestic or foreign, and night, and the brilliant throng of spectators, there was •and on motion of Mr. Spinola, the Senate went into Committee ofthe Whole on the bill.any intermeddling of the one or more States withthe domestic institutions of another is a subversion a capital band of music to give liveliness to the scene.and violation of the Constitution, serving to weaken The members of this most excellent association -have aand destroy the Union. Tenth—The acts of the State good reason to congratulate themselves on. the brilliant < Legislatures to defeat the purposes of the Fugitiveii fl?iI ImI1•ously opposed by Mr. Truman.Mr. Laphani forcibly advocated the motion to strike Slave law are subversive of the Constitution and of termination of their season. They have doae infiniteout Chenango. revolutionary effect. Eleventh—-The domestic and" good to the cause of art, and afforded a new pleasure, . Mir. Spinola made a miscellaneous speech in favor of- foreign policy of Mr. Buchanan has been eminently of a refined and elevating character, t e " our bestdidate of any party is in itself a sufficient cause for a the Chenango Canal in general and of Douglas De- pure, patriotic, conservative, and jnst, and we look society," for which they should be properly recom-dissolution ofthe Union; in favor of granting free mocracy in particular. upon the success crowning his labors as the proudesthomesteads to actual settlers; opposed to the doctrine Mr. P. P. Murphy opposed the Chenango project for • vindication of its. propriety and wisdom. Twelfth— pensed, as we have no doubt they will be. tempt to subvert the institutions of the South, was the of secession as promulgated by the ultra Southern the same reason that Mr. Spinola favored it, namely, We concur in the views and recommendations on mat-" nances, and regulating the use of the same, in the " cities of New-lork and ' Brooklyn, which provides "for the apr ointment of a competent Inspector for " New-York bv the Controller ot that city, and an In- " specto'r for Brooklyn, by the Controller of Brook- " lyn. Ii is made the duty of these inspectors upon " the application by the owner or occupant of any " premises in their respective cities, where a steam ap- " patatus is used, to carefully examine suoh steam " boiler engine or other steam apparatus, and satisfy " themselves, by experimental trials, when deemed " necessary, that such boiler, &c, are in condition to a wiurant their use with safety when .they " shall give a sworn certificate . to ' thateffect. For this service the inspectors are to receivefor every engine and boiler, not exceeding ten horse-tion.Adjourned sine die.GRaENsmmo, Westmoreland County, Thuraday, March 1—p. m."The wind this morning was from south-south-east^ . light, with a dense fog. The various femes frori^he • city are much interrupted, and one of the Will^ms-fifty, $10—the necessary and actual expenses incurredby the inspector in making such examination, if any,tobeborneby the party askingfortheexamination.The inspectors are authorized to examine engineers,steamers going South.TUe Charleston Convention.. CHARLESTON, Thursday, March 1,18W«ers, via Long Island Sound, due this apHdng, cirivect" at 1 p. m.. but will not leave until theJoi clear&awayv TbeHamburg steamship Borussia, j ^ H a m b a r g : ' their British steamship Pxince Albert, fcs.Oalway. and the*,:../•.•7portraits, and Stone, Bellows, and Loop, some admir- On the third ballot Mr. Witte received 54 votes; Mr. able figure pieces. Huntington bad a highly interest- >Fiy30jMr.Foster34,andthebalancescattering. No ingCrayonsketch,containingportraitsofIrving,Web*.election. ster, and Bryant, as they appeared sitting side by side >Mr. Deitrick of Lycorning, now moved, in a loud at the Cooper Memorial meeting, held at the old Metro- and emphatic voice, that Henry D. Foster Of West-The people are enthusiastically rejoicing over the burgh lines has stopped running. There are a number unexpected" nomination of their fellow-citizen. Gen; of inward-bound vessels at anchor near the Hook. , Foster. Houses and public buildings are. brilliantly None of the sea-going steamers that left the ctfy yes- illuminated. At a ratification meeting, Gen. Foster terday (Wednesday) have gone to sea yet. TtaArabnV.appeared and accepted the nomination. enthusiastic demonstration is going on,• .••• '••Every kind ofand United Kingdom are at anchor thisside of Quaran.»v- tine, and the James Adger, for Charleston, ic^aear theu Narrows. The steamer Josephine, of the Stamen Isl*^ and ferry, on her 11 o'clock trip from C^aarantine, when off the Batteryj ran into the scho^er A. J^The schooner B. S. Johnson, which was ran into and lost, has been found forty miles off Cape Henry in a perpendicular position, with her starboard quarter out.her to leak badly/'Last evening, he continued his report 5*foUowe^ "'" The fog which has prevailed for tho^naat two 4ayesvThe delegations'of Kentuokv, Tennessee, and Ala- steamship_Huntsville, for Savarinak t^atwoSe to "salT each certificate granted—the inspectors to keep a held here, have -scoured Committee rooms at the the weather permits. The steaxs$dp Edu&urgh, fxfiZk.and grant certificates to competent persons, for oneyear, on the payment of one dollar by the applicant for bama, to the, National Democratic Convention to be to-day, will not leave their reera&ve wharves' untiph,v.-> ;:•••h%X%o H>*$qpK«-.*I'...--:'; J eU >> 031* •di to-wta^ WWWyp4.****&T h e Deatlt of Cant. A d a m CHARLESTON, Thursday, March 1, l»W).'• -••-•:$*»«&js* ''•''''' NOTICE.' . ", I r.a>tmIn addition to the fine collection of paintings lastv:r,v ••-• .- i ; -V'--"•-UNiXIia STATES DISTRICT QttVR^-^MARCttt.^^Notes of issue for the March Term must be Stod W *ys$ft&Uil&- •:»< 8*{s-•M 0»itSNll* .«.,,~-vt$$z4'<t mml ^iU-i-y-'sm mwbto&ky-m.. ,f.••.>+y£Xwww.fultonhistory.comaaBjgfflaaaaas 