 K-i-13 Pis spontaneously evolving itself—is capable of receiv-ingmorevivid impressionsthan at any other period.; school.discipline the aim should ever be to ad-Moreover, as these simplest elements must eventuallybe mastered, and as the mastery of them whenever minister the natural re-aefcions to the child's ac-hcr-itntc to (?ec the ultimate source of nearly all socialasm, in the embellishment of his grounds. With the dragoon is represented as tying his horse to one of the arrival of the. monthly packets from London or Liver- locusts on the lawn. The shrewd translator, however, pool, the latest productions of the English press were taking it for granted that American grasshoppers mu»<t eagerly looked for, and soon, found their, way to-the be of gigantic dimensions, gravely informs his reader*n•*JQIIIi; V- secuiirg the necessaries of life, indirectly .minister to Keif-preservation; 3. Those, activities which have for tbeir end Ihe rearing and* discipline of offspring; 4. Those activities which are involved in the maintenanceof proper social and political relations; J. Those miscel- laneous activities which make up the leisure part of life, devoted to the" gratification of the tastes and feel- ings.verdicts of distinguished teachers who since Festaloz- zi"s time have testified this, may be here added that of Prof. Pilbms, who asserts that " w h e r e young people arc taught as they ought to be. they are quite as happy in school as at piny, seldom less delighted, nay, olten more, with the well-directed exercise Of their "mental energies; than with that of their muscular powers.and simply tells his readers that "his family has partly Mr. Emerson has much to answer for, and will in rep- shared the"fate of.most of the landless whites of the utation dearly pay for the fervidencomium with which' 1 place, epeake sad reproach to the public that does not oome scourge him back to his cellar.Cooper's genius, and laid the deep foundations of hia fame. The scene of this story was laid, in Westchester, wbere.be then lived, and it is not difficult to describe the local circumstances by which it was suggested. The -incidents of the Revolution had not ceased to be theFOOT., A. M., aud the HOT. I). C. VAN AOKMA> LL D 8YO , pp. 4tM. A. S. Barnes & Hurr.1v A splendid edition of BRYANT'S Forest Hymn, with••*:0*Steps in the series which ends in the discovery of un- likely to be students in after years; while those to of Mi-. Helper to fall into rage with columns of.figures, conciliating, if not conclusive of the contrdvoften joined the social circle: As they drank their glass a most attractive gift-book, and will doubtless place it of cider, picked over their hickory-nuts, or pared their;money, vary well known in Wall street, crossed the iale by every fireside, is written almost exclusively was the favorite recreation of the family. Poetry was • him on the SUCCORS of his new lx>ok. He was loud inmonarchical over republican institutions. In the next by men who have long ceased to believe. So also often chosen, which he read with singular correctness, its' praisoK, extolled the character of Harvey Birch, paper, many curious and interesting details are given the school-book, the text-book, the manuals for studyiV^TTPUBLICA1IONS.Following, therefore, the necessary law of progres- sion from the simple to the complex, we should pro-mturo;. andUlui, aleo in education the course oftEDUCATION, INTKLIJECTIIAL, MORAI,. AND PHYSI- CAJ*. By HimitMiT SMMCCK*. 12mo. pp. 283. N«w- YwrK; D. Apptoton *. Co. 'W e welcome this little volume as an able and opportune contribution to the cause of education. Itsauthorstand?eminentamongthe.ablestEu- ropean Investigators of the science of the mind. His" position among the advanced metaphysicians&itd psychologists of the age is marked and dis- tinctive. While the tendency of both meta- physicians and scientists is to the exclusive cultivatiou of their respective domains of inquiryi with only occasional incursions into the others' territories, Mr. Spencer claims that the time has come when this old dis- tinction and antagonism must disappear, and that the higher laws of our being can only be successfully sought through a broad and pro- found investigation of nature, alike in her mental and material manifestations. Accordingly he has brought to the solution of mental problems the largest acquisitions in science, and gained suc- cess which has given him a high and original po-' •B«b *s4WaK<1I1 0 time. His elucidations have been mainly directedwhich no other intellectual action is, possible, in gain-ing a complete familiarity with thorn in all their mod-ifications. Add to which, that both temper and^health tracts, and can only say let it be read and pon- hypocrisy of concealment or the torpor of indifference. popularity of the Waverley novels,- befi>re the secret of parently MtandinK there for that purpose.itIpaseed. All the tenderer and holier of our ties load was one of the wannest admirers of these novels, and after its publication. The writer was walking in 1 to the phenomena of mental evolution, the laws perceptions. But it must suffice to point out that any TBB- OCTOBER QUARTERLIES.—(Scott's Republication.) oneway; all the stronger and more rational another. never doubted that they were written by Sir Walter Broadway, when a prominent merchant, a man of, sition among the most advanced thinkers of ouring from a due supplyof these impressions which everychild so greedily assimilates. Space, could it be spared, practice. might here be well filled by some suggestions toward amore systematic ministration to these simplest of theshould reject a national religion. It is almost woisethat they should falsely pretend to accept it. In 6f the new volume.form the subject of discussion before er's friends, that he was the author of the "Spy.". An what a network of contrary infinences is our daily 'life the firesides of the whole heigh box-hood. Mr. Cooper amuring incident is related, as having occurred not long•(•ma*).'/.••,..the course of individual human life, or the mental guished : that hence sounds greatly differing "in loud- ness and pitch, colors very reinote from each other,career,of our race. His exposition of the genesis of the intellectual and emotional powers is, per- haps, unsurpassed in the acuteness and depth of its analysis. It is worthy of note that Mr. Spen- cer's style of presenting these abstract topics is unusually lucid and attractive. His statements are admirably precise, his language copious and varied, his illustration* pertinent and striking, so that reading becomes a pleasure, even to those comparatively unaccustomed to these paths of thought. Such are important qualifications for dealing with the subject of education; but the volume before us justifies all the anticipations ex-?cited by Mr. Spt?ncer 3 philosophical position.faculty as soon as it is taken in, and forthwith'aids in acid all who are concerned in educational man- the general' function of thinking—does not lie merely agement. w ritten in the pages of an internal library, as when The volume op^ns with a very natural inquiry rote learnt. Mark further, the importance of the moral culture which this constant self-help involves. concerning the relative value of various kinds of Courage in attacking difficulties, patient concentration knowledge. His estimate is comprehensive and of. the attention, perseverance through failures—theseare characteristics which after-life specially requires; able. All knowlt-dge may be desirable, but life is a>id these are characteristics which this system ot mak-short and its demands imperative. There is no ing the mind work for its food specially produces.escape, we must discriminate. The study of one Similarly with the correlative, requirement, that the method of. culture pursued shall be one productive thing involves the exclusion of another; but by of an intrinsically happy activity—an activity no,t what rule shall we conduct the selection. The au- happy in virtue of extrinsic rewards to be obtained, but. in virtue of its own healthfulness. Conformity to thor proposes, for guidance his ideal of the grand this requirement not only guards us against thwarting purpose of education. the normal process of evolution, but incidentally se- A measure of value is the first requisite. And, cures positive benefits of importance. Unless we arehappily, respecting the true measure of value,' as ex- to return to an ascetic morality, the maintenance of prested in general tennis there can be no dispute. youthful happiness must, be considered as in itself aHis views are broad, original, practical, and irre-sistiblycommendthemselvestocommon3ense.Theymeet a deep want in this country. With, greatactivity upon the subject of education, we havetoo little guiding principle; with vast projects forpopular instruction, we lack the organizing knowl-edge and constructive power, as is evinced by thechaos and conflict of school-practice. Mr. Spen-cer's little work—all the better for its brevity—furnishes by far the best handbook of direction The solution oi yesterday's problem helps the pupil in for thoughtful parents, teachers, school-directors, mastering t"o-day's; Thug the knowledge is turned intoi&well to sny what one really believes. It.is better te believe what one really thinks. Kven more necessary nowthan,courageinactishonestyinthought. We need that rectitude and tenacity of mind which abhors to deceive itself; and works out the issue of its reason-The history of the other principal works of Mr. once began to'throw together the outlines of a tale, Cooper isgiven, interspersed with biographical detail*Every one in contending for the worth of any particu- lar order of information does so by bhowing its bear- ing upon Borne part of life.•How t* live ?—that is the essential question for us. Not how to live in the mere material sense "only, but in the widest sense. The general problem which comprehend* every special problem is the right rul-i n g of conduct in all directions under all circumstances. Xn what way to treat the body; in what way to treat the mind; in what way to manage our affairs; in what. way to bring up a family; in what way to behave as a citizen; in. what way to utilize ail those sources of happiness which nature supplies; how to use. all our faculties to the greatest advantage of ourseJves and others; how to five completely ? And this being theworthy;aim. JSot to dwell upon this, however, wo go on to remark that a pleasurable state of feeling is far more favorable to intellectual action than one of indif- ference or disgust. Every one knows that things read, heard, or.seen with interest, are better remembered than thoee read, heard, or seen with apathy. In the one case the faculties appealed to are actively occupiedwith the subject presented; in the other they are in- actively occupied With it; and the attention* is con- tinually drawn away lifter more attractive thoughts. Hence the impressions are respectively strong and weak. Moreover, the intellectual Iistlessness which apupil's lack of interest in anv study involves, is further complicated by his anxiety, by his fear of consequences, which distract his attention, ana increase the difficulty he finds in bringing his faculties to bear upon thesemust at least how from and sum up the whole. Itsih-tellectiial basis must be broad and unimpeachable^ Thehighest efforts of the brairi.raust guide the beet prompt?i?>gs of the heart. That end will not be attained byour authors by sublitningreligibn into an emotion, and of his companion., It was agreed that while the preus heart, in the hope that their names and symbols may •making an annisih e with science. It will not- bo ob-great thing needful for us* to learn is, by consequence, facts that are repugnant to them. Clearly, therefore,the great thing which education has to teach. -To pre- the efficiency ol any intellectual action will, otherpare as for complete living is the function which edu- things equal, be proportionate to the gratification with cation has to discharge; and the only rational mode o which it is pertoraie'd. •'Holy Liind, The Grand Remonstrance, Scottish. County Histories, Brain Difficulties, and the United States under. Mr. Buchanan. The last-named paper oilers many severe strictures on the policy of the President,' especially in relation to Slavery. In the course of thejudiring of any educational course is, to judge in what degree it discharges such functionThis test, never used in its entirety, but rarely even partially lined, and u*md then in "a vague, hali- consoous way, has to he applied consciously, methodi- cally, and throughout all eases. It behooves us to set before ourselvee, and ever to keen clearly in view, complete living as the end to be -achieved; 'so that in brinfjing r/p OUTchildren we may choose subjects and methods of instrnction, with deliberate reference "to this end. Not only ought we to cease from the mere unthinking adoption of the current fashion in educa- tion, which has no better warrant • than any other fash-ion, but we must also rise above that rude, empirical style of judging displayed by those more intelligent people who do bestow some care in overseeiug the cul- tivation of their children's mind*. It must not suffice ((imply to think that such or such information will be utKi'nl to after life, or that'this kind of knowledge is of more practical value than that; but we must seek out some process of estimating their respective values, so that as far as possible we -may positively hiww which are most deserving of attention.It should be considered,-also, that important moralconsequences depend upon the habitual pleasure orp«in.which daily lessons produce. N'p onecan.com-- diecusfcion Mr. Helper-B,book receives a passing notice, pare the faces and manners of two boys—the one madehappy bv mastering interesting subjects, and the othermade miserable by disgust with his studies, by conse-quent failuie, by cold looks, by threats, by" punish-ments-without seeing that the disposition of the one isbeing benefited, and that of the other greatly injured.Whoever hap marked the effect of-intellectual successupon the mind, and the power of the mind over thebody, will see that in the one case both temper andhealth are favorably affected; while in the other thereis danger of permanent-raoroi-eness, of permanent tim-idity, and even of permanent constitutional';depres-sion. To all which considerations we must add thefurther one, that the relationship between teachersand their pupils is, other things, equal, renderedfriendly ami influential, or antagonistic and powerless,according as the System of culture produces happinessor misery. Human beings are at'the mercy of theirassociated ideas. A daily minister of pain cannot failto he regarded with a secret disliko, and if he causesno emotions but painful ones, will'inevitably be hated.If Mr. Walt Whitman's- " Leaves of Grass " had been printed on paper as dirty as his favorite topicspaid him the compliment of refusing to believe that he wrote it, declaring that he spoke in pleasantry when he asserted thatthe manuscript/was original, and thatcollection of-permanent value for the'shelves of the library, and the extraordinary beauty of its execution will attract the attention of.purchasers in pursuit ofJDoubtlets the task is difficult — perhaps never tobe more than approximately achieved. But, consider-ing the YWJttiesa of the interests at stake, its difficulty Conversely, he who constantly aids children to theirclared by the publisher that it was an American work diligence..energy, and skill. A considerable portion of and written by a gentleman of New-York, not a little the work ie occupied with an account oftbe intellectualis Pt> reason for pueillnnimously passing it by; but rather for devoting every energy to its mastery. And if we only proceed Hystenuuically, we may very soon get at results of no small, moment.In the light of this large idea of the import of education, Mr. Spencer thus determines the scale of human activities:ends, hourly provides them'with the satisfactions of conquest, hourly encourages 'them 'through ' their difficulties and sympathizes iu their successes, cannot fail to.be liked: nav, if his behavior is consistent. throughout, must be loved. And'when we remember how efficient and benign is the control of a master who is felt to be a friend, when compared with the control of one who is looked upon with aversion, or at best in- difference, we may infer that the indirect advantages of conducting education on the happiness principle doache goes off next day. ;, altracts and perplexes readers, whose, natural good the annals of literature. The religious principle* creased;, the suggestion was regarded as a piece of which have furnished' the impulse to the advancementQxu\ first step must obviously b^e to classify, in theorder of their importance the leading kinds of "activity net fall far .short of the direct ones. To all who ques- which constitutes human life. They mav be naturally tion the possibility of acting out the system here advo- arranged into: 1. Those activities which, directly min- cated, we reply as-before, that not only does theoiy ister to self-preservation; 2. Thofe activities which, by point to it, but experience commends it. To the manycoiii-se <>f polities'in both, sections of the Union, and manner in which he concciveB its problems," but from radically affecting the present Presidential election,. .the absence of any German catch words with which he Mr. Hinton Rowan Helper is 'a Southern man, would otherwise have infallibly adorned his motley, descended from ancestors who held landed property in lor even an ignorance of its grammar does not dauntearnestness and eloquence of profound sympathy, no*always preserving the moderate tone of coloring which" The Spy," which made its appearance in about a ie suited to the subject, but without reproach or bitterand substances widely unlike in hardness, or texture, should be the first supplied; and that in each casothe progression must be by slow depress to impressions more nearly allied.Self-education and £ue importance of. making study pleasurable are strongly insisted on. From a full discussion of these points we extract the following:of the office of Deaconess, an order of Protestant Sistersof youth and manhood, the whole mental food of the and deep poetic feeling. For Shakespeare he was al- and declared that h e had sat lip all night to read it.This graduation of our activities and the con-sequent relative values of the corresponding edu-cations are discussed with much acuteness and lability that education will not cease when school-days and having found it, he has b.raved all consequences to'w*But the making education a process of self-evolu-tion has other advantages than this of keeping ourlessons in the right order. In the first place, it guar-antees a vividness and permanency of impression whichthe usual methods can" never •produce. . Any piece of chines. We believe that these arguments have been'knowledge which the pupil has "himself acquired, any problem which he has himself solved/ be- comes by virtue of the conquest much more thoroughly his than it could else be. The preliminary activity of mind which his success implies, the concentration of thought necessary to it, and the excitement consequent onhistriumph,conspiretoregisterallthefactsinhisurged on the Continent. We frequently hear themamong ourselves. As- to the first head, there is, nodoubt,-always some danger of .vicarious.chanty," butthis remark is applicable.to every kind of associationfor charitable purposes. Ladies who live in the midst&f»airh:enco very often pacify their consciences by asubscription,whentheyoughtthemselvestodosomework among the poor. "But this is far less likely to bethe case when a good example of efficient work is setbetore^theni, and when a definite path is marked out,, ing without flinching and without fainting. We know no man could have been further from any inclination acteristic boldness and vigor of the other. . in whieh$they nee that their cooperation would be"memory in a way that no mere,information heard from a teacher, or read in a school-book, cau be registered. Even if he fails, the tension to which hia faculties have been wound up insures his remembrance of the solution when given to him, better than half a dozen repetitions would. Observe again, that this discipline necessitates a continuous organization of the knowl- edge he acquires. It is in the very nature of facts andwastheoriginof "Precaution,'"the first venture which he made in fictitious composition. At this timewritingscombinedinagraphicportraiture,whichillus- trates the Strong individuality of the one and the char-'inferencesj assiihihited in this normal manner, that, they euccestively become the premises of further conclusions.In selecting the materials for the contents of this vol- "was entirely empty; be was hardly indeed provided ume from the wide range of English poetry, the editor©assm•r •s sNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, HDVEMBER 24, 1860.laugh at the tattlings of its nurse, the snapping of a applied, in the third part, on moral education. each other's thoughts, and filently workout their,own. visitor's iingcrs, or any sound.which it has not."heforo Above them . pit. unconscious^ dignities mid powersheard. Fortunately,- the ordinary practices of the nur- Nature commences the child's moral developmentsery_ fulfill these early requirements of education to a by punishing it for a violation of her laws. The piecing the articles together, with scraps of accommo-considerable ^degree. Much, h0wever( remains to l>edone; and it is of more importance that it should be child acts, and nature re-acts, never in passion,done than at first appears. Every faculty during the but always with a penalty proportioned to thevaguely condemning pantheism" and neology, Ordating texts. Such are, thoee seminaries of the.Pnest- certain degree/be anticipated the love of landscape- proved a puzzlo. The word was rendered as found hiof growth of the knowing and feeling powers, such ministration ought to be based upon the general;truth that in the development of every- faculty, mark- tieats of the Brazilian Empire, arguing from its pro our-hearts. Life, thought, and society nullify andsigns of tho artist to the sentiment of the poet, with ©peornioutbed listenings to every sound, are the first never led into habits of independent inquiry, are un- planets through a telescope, caused the fellow-citizens States is characterized as " temperate,"courteous, and sympathy, of. his host. Other yeomen of the vicinity the rare beauty of the typography, renders this volumeseen planets, the invention of calculating engines, the whom it came in the natural forms, at the proper times,and rail at government returns as at works of heresy.'Cray mproduction of great paintings, or the composition ofsymphonies and operas. This activity of the faculties themselves, but as the occasions of a long series offrom the very first being spontaneous and inevitable, gratifying successes, are likely to continue through life the question u whether we shall supply in due variety that self-instruction commenced in youth.the materials ou which they may exercise themselves;and to the*question so put, none but an affirmativeanswerean fee given. . * , . , , ; , r j - 'let us inquire into the course which Psychology dic- phasis with which we are called upon to follow by the significant work called " Essays and Reviews " tion, but with sound judgment, evincing the mingled very frequent at that period. One pleasant Summer's OSGOOD'S Poems, which may be commended to the tates. The earliest impressions which the wind can as- the indications, and pursue the method of nature; recently put forth by several Oxford professors, and frankness and reserve which were due to the relation afternoon, while sitting on the broad piazza of the admirers of those favorite poets for their convenience Mzuilate, are those given to it by the ^decomposable and ,we are also taught how this is to be done. other like-minded thinkers, and republished in Boston between the subject and the editor. It consists of asensatjcnsr-rsiBStance, Jaght, sound, <kc. ManifestlydVjcOmposahlC states of conscioosnesa cannot existjbefore the states of consciousness out of which they volves less of human interference, and more ofunder the title of "Recent Inquiries in Theology," byEminent English Churchmen. The Reviewer main-selection of episodes from the writings of Mr. Cooper, illustrative of the different phases of his mind, and ofhouse, Judge Jay.and. Mr. Cooper weie listening to nd beauty. . the conversation of the venerable John Jay, as ho re-BOOKS RECEIVED.CoasUuic* mid Edith. By a Clergyman's Wife. 18ua>. pp. 304*Ihomaou Brothers.Qui«-C Thoughts for QuhU Hoarn. By the Author of " LuV*Moruiiig," &c. 12tuo. pp. 2«J. J. fc. Tiltou & Co. Sold byThouisou Brothers.Concord Fight. By S. R, Bwtlett. l2mo. pp. 34. A. WlllUm*scarcely P* 't collection wtand who remember its facts as not only interesting iuor licentiousness...Newtown pippin, all had some family tradition" to relateThe Westminster as usual devotes a considerable portion of its space to theological matters, and starts A special excellence of this work is the em- with an article entitled Neo-Christianity, suggestedtXMiiOKS CooiutB. WITH NOTES by SUSAX FRMUO'UK COOPKR. 4to. pp. 400. W. A. Townwjtl & Co.In various directions we see that advance in-Utins that the Oxford dixirm have taken-an .untenable'are composed. There can be no idea of.form until the regulation of nature. Iu government, pro- position, in departing from the traditional theology of the jcbaracteriHticH of his respective productions. Iu Revolution. From an incident which he then described,an endur .^a o n ^ S m i H a r i t y . with light in its gradations andeSsties,or resistance in its different intensities has gress has been from the meddlesome interference the church, without proposing a coherent system of© W a c o i i r e d ; for, as has been long: known, we recog-} t o t f S E E % m by means of varieties of 'light.and of kings and politicians to the spontaneous ad-connection with these extracts, the editor has added a large amount of origniul matter, explaining the origin and history of Mr. Cooper's most important works, andstudies,tangible form by means of varieties of resistance.justments of social forces; in medicine, from of-ficious dosing and drugging to reliance upon the ripoldgiats). It JS the ablest, the sincerest. and the'best cences, which serve to throw light on the personalbelief in its place.These are not the days of metaphysical atheism orillustrating the services of a.class of men who, in theirpatriotic zeal, were of the greatest importance in ob-•• ;*>#'M-?&1 irichly embellished with engravings, executed in the at present. It was after the visit, of one of thew men, f ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ; ^ ^ ^ , X X ' best style of American art, from designs by Darley, a Yankee peddler of the old soii, fbet the lot ia life oC vide for the infant a sufficiency of objects .presenting improvement has been, and s^-ill roust he,.t';om w ith mankind, which now mark tbo«e_who^stand and other eminent artists. It is issued with great typo- Harvey Birch was decided—ho was to be a spy and* Adiner ent degrees and kinds of resistance, a sufficiency crude ideas of the unirnportanco of toaching, and aloof Are not these peven authors worthy representa- graphical luxury, and forms one of the most sumptuous peddler. The novel was completed with great rapidity of objects reflecting different amounts and quali i"s of tives of the best of their order? Others as high inlight, andasufficiency of sounds contrasted in their that-the child^s mind "can be made to order," tdaceandinfiuence have spoken .less, but have not gifl-booksoftheseason. andonitspublication inSeptember*i&Jl, immediatelyloudness, their pitch, and their timbre.; How fully from hnrnpcringB and thwartings and multiplied therefore thought lees. Perhaps, if they have been Tlie..admirers of Mr. Cooper may bo surprised to attracted #<meral attention, and met with the most bril- this a priirri conclusion is confirmed by infantile in- restrictions, from incessant interference and a silent, they have found" it siill more difficult to learn that it was not until he had attained his thirty^ liant success. It was found on every table, and en-stincts all will see on being reminded of the delight si ealc This volume draws a sad picture ol tue pre-whicheveryyoungchildhi:sinbitingitstoys,infeeling boundlessfaithinartificialexpedientstothepol- valenceofintellectmildoubtwithinthobecloisters. firstyearthathevgaveasjyindicationsofbisvocation joyedbyallclassesofreaders.InEurope,the"Spy"its brother's bright jacket-buttons, and pulling papa's. icy of self-education, to evolution in'natural orderThat picture is far short of the reality. "Smolder- asawritor. At that time ho was living upon a small was received with great favor, and was soon trans, ing skepticism ' indeed! When they are honey- farm some five and twenty miles from New-York, and hitcd into French. Miss, Edgcworth expressed herself'Whiskers—how absorbed it becomes in gazing at anyand by normal processes, to pleasurable seLf-in- struction, and the uncrriug intimations and. be- nign discipline of nature. This idea is effectivelycombed with disbelief, runnings-through #every phase from mvbtical interpretation to uttor atheism. Profes- sors, tutors, fellows, and pupils are conscious of this widespread doubt. In silence they watch and respectthough he had received the highest advantages of edu-cation which the country then afforded, and was recog- mewage, through a common friend, to the author de- nized in society us a person of uncommon talent; his claring that she Jiked " Betty Flanagan " particularly tastes were practical and political, rather than literary. and that an Irish pen could not have drawn her better; He himself looked forward only to the life of a farmer. Seme odd mistakes occur in the first French version*. He was deeply interested in rural improvements; to a The name given to the Wharton place, " The Loeusta "bood and the Church, and he who has passed through them has seen the circles of an intellectual purga-gardening, which has since become a favorite pursuit the dictionary, Les SatttcreUof, ''TbeOraeshoppeJi."Byperiod of its greatest activity—the period in which it gravity of the offense. And thus in parental and tory. How long shall this last 7 The vague itftel- with so many; and engaged, with not a little enthusi- This might have done very well, but for the fact that aTh« gasr Eran HarrfnjtUMeredith TBwTJnionT.-<r Tk^hookcf -itSi~T>rr* 01ftr<Ab*Ti ••-Oennsii Pop».Mu Broths* •»:C«.•'—The err n ner, haa pn-'r u Dsedah> o eeHehceof Or Longman. T from the aci a dere, Ven.,* < •volume i» a antique, in a with the?©idthe dcp.-e<-;..-t< and oiruro.' nt mnch novo a quite cone!ef color in fh tasteful to f•.t A letter fr^ a leum of Ar.t idly thip. w..o tores wbfch; fehirg H)'•»;! phere. Tv'^j. same pr<-c i amining tf n pigment.u« dentally leanon the dec* ' morning. " m the eail« detriment of—Dr. Chai »Tde" w mt history of ? arrived «f «- that of Ptoiei have .given, of CjiptH. Sp* blei.tli.&t fort,. accuracy of .! odotue—accoi the river i- <i of the river b tempt to.muBt be ft:•;!< explain tii«.-r.—A VJI! .'..! in Prof. il:':n« icle .of >i. u. ediied fr- a" Nomay, ' <eand the rd^i rent xrhen Lt: Ifile of Man a •wegian Kinjiv century the 13 caily Bubject t—Sir AP'b published y Castie.rcn: and Third Mi nal papers • i will form i foreign {-' ••••; ample m:if<:*.;•tfa'id Mar ii ("the Caste print, indej-;t been wren iy i?ation: I MCFHT-. Gh'Alexanderwe are not ::-rMes^r- mtertfrir.K i-c liahed bexk vorite: a - »\ trati<n:i». cr.c. year's " l>i? by H. Roj. poeiuon bi- :n photognif hn Negreiti and work by lit, Hiftnrv ".- «»r* . <—ifi <•*?••• . nearty readycontaitfini.' <'• visible HrV l< the Jfnviait.le Mr. Fowler/ chapter hi Q. rebte. T " London in v!. poeetbility v>i and chough -iitati:IT h.;••.. \•.two- cop;- 'the mix'o- •".•proi»".!"ai deln«ion, w ~^Tbe BI)ip.Io:*;;;U-y Elemen,w tnr«-> on " t American t Btatthow A •JDr. Bosworour Acglo^Sadom, uiir^ 1^Auani Sed^woiid year b > <;bat«d viiH* —Mr. J. C.i aU)ut tlu^- ueof republio. tic niedical Dvw figure iii it DK inierw^rng. ?^e firm are pre; 4' verv Wicce*—it ie run of tho act • body, thv--i-r entire by x prigirg -<• •# SteYen»'B rehfiintimate i tcachieved, must take time, it becomes an economy of tions. The fourth part is an eloquent and.pow-time to occupy this first stage of childhood, during erful discussion of the claims and philosophy of gulf which divides, the highest thinking from the quiet households of Weetcheater, hi which Mr. Codper's that the dragoon secured his charger by fastening the'.-•V - •v'^ '•• '.^ ••'. %aconfusion in this severance of reason and religion—thisphysical education; W o have no space for ex- highest feeling. It is made far more deadly by the residence was situated. It was the era of the immense bridle to orm of the grasshoppers before the door—ap-will he improved by the continual gratification result- dered, and its important inculcations reduced to It must" he a profound evil that all thinking men •vtheir authorship was divulged; and long did the contents It was soon reported in New-York among Mr. Coop-The opening article in " T h e London Quarterly," The hone, the school, and. the church touch chords inScott. He had a delightful gift of reading aloud, andwhether illustrated in the inferior animal tribes, edly contrasted impressions are the first to be distin- gress and condition in favor of the. superiority of dispel'their teaching. The newspaper, the review* the during the. long Winter evenings in the country, this Street, advanced toward him. and begun to congratulateday; science, history, morals; and politics, pootry, ways ready, delighting in the spirit of his works, One criticism, however, he must suggest. There was of Charity, recently established on the. Continent, and fiction, and essay; the very lesson of the school, the whether tragedy or comedy. Pope, Thomson, and a"capital mistake in drawing Harvey Birch. He had their introduction into the Church of England is strenu- very sermon from the pulpit. And all this is done be- Gray were aleo in favor; but Milton was too cold and given the man no motive. " J u s t look at the facts,"dusly advocated. . . • neath a solemn or cynical nypocrisy. How long shall this laet 1 How long must tnere be bitterness oi heartOne objection still remains unnoticed, which is in every household, and a hardened despair in every phuisibleat lirst sight, and which beyond doubt ought vigorous brain 1 How long shaiithe mother's wordsto be seriously dealt with. It is sometimes thought mil coldly on the ears oftbe son—the prayers of the that a systematic' organization of'charity will discour- wife be unmeaning to the husband—the gray hairs of age and abridge voluntary efforts by'fostering the the preacher scarcely save him from contempt ? Andeuri-elves, and'by taking the heart out of those who do great mihas run to seed in .selfish, because, irreligious woilc, and degrading them to ,mere philanthropic ma- 'eftbrtSj! Umil men have the. courage to. bury theirclassical to please his taste. Now books, of course, were said the critical millionaire, "here is a man gettinginto in epecial request; and rapidly as the Scotch novels all bojis of- scrapes, running his neck into the noose ofsucceeded each other, something more was needed to his own accord, and where, pray, is his motive ? Of Jfili'up all those rural evening hours. On one occasion, course, I thought until the last page that bo would bea new novel chanced to lie on the table, which he was well paid for his services, but just as I cxj>ected to see asked to read. The title and appearance of the book it all made as clear a« day, he refuses to take the goldwere not to his taste; he opened it, however, and be- General Washington offers him. There was your great gan; when suddenly after wading through a few mistake; you should have given Harvey some•fpractice of paying others to do what we ought to do (far worse) the masses lie in brutal heathenism, whiledead convictions out.of sight, and the greater courageto form new. All honor to these, writers'for the bold-ness with which they have, at great rit,k, urged theiropinions. Bui what is wanted is strength hot merelyto face 'the world, but to face one's own conclusions. It. playfully challenged to make good hia promise, and atmind, the tearing up of dear associations, the a#ony of sight of foolscap, or pen and ink; no secret partiality tlie family, ba\e. darkened the picture of every religi-P.1.LMXK, M. D. Illustrated from Original Design*. Vro.. pp. 466. Cbnrlo» Scribucr. .ous cdnSuhion. It must* be'endured. Let every one .with hearts and brains concur iii the inevitable task. Let each who h:>s thought and felt for himself ask him-for note-books, diaries, and extracts. His portfolioself fiistwhuv ho dwsjnpt believe., and then, if wise or needful, avow. it. Next let him ask himself what ho ilocx believe, and pursue it to i!s true and full.con-with letter-paper for an occasional correspondent; the has not confined himself to the classical productions of •mere mechanical drudgery of writing wau irkaonie standard authority which are familiar to every culti-compromise. Let such reflect that no half measures will succeed. Neither loose accommodation nor sonorous principles Will long give them. rest. It is of as little use' to surrender the more glaring coatradic- tions of science as it is to evaporate a discredited doc- trine into a few vague' precepts. Religion, to regain the world, must not. only be not con- trary to science, but it nm*t be hi entire and close . 'harmony with' science. Not with one science only, but with all. Not only must it have a place besiu'e philosophy, morals, and politics; but it iinibt guide and elevate all these. Religion, to have"herited from his mother, who was much given to read- have not suffered them to be forgotten, while in the ing works of imagination. When about eleven years position now accorded to them, in company with uni-old, he pored over several strange old tales of this class versal favorites of a more ancient date, they give an air with a playfellow of his own age; one of them, enT of novelty and freshness to the whole volume. Thetitled "Don Belianis of Greece," made a great impres- reader will miss many of the pieces which are usually sion, and when be had finished the reading, ho gravely found in collections of " British poetry," but he will informed his comrade that he should write a book him- thank the editor for so well supplying their place with self. It was to be a grand heroic romance, with productions which breathe the.purest aroma of song,pages, he threw it.aside in disgust, exclaiming, " I can motive." wiite you a better book than that myself." He was.if the book iteeif had presented the general aspect, ofthat literature which usually falls" under no other she well recollected hearing that very tale some years valuable presents. It h?illustrated by a great varietycriticism than that oftbe police office, We should have earlier. Even after tho publication of the " Spy" and of appropriate embellishments from designs by several ' u:'. oi Representatives at Washington, hiwt Winter, was public as we have no concern with; but "when a that Mr. Cooper could never have written" Precau- binding, cannot fail to gratify the moat fastidious taste.abcut Mr. Helper. It was really so; audit was Mr. is,perhaps elsewhere to be found within the same coin- tion," as the author was evidently a woman. "Helper's b<ok which finally discomfited the advocates paws, presents itself in all the glories of hot-pressed Mc-antinie the novel was printed in August, 1820. It METHODISM SUCCESSFUL. % tbe Itc-v. B. F. Turrr/ci s-ihnceon the Slavery question, including Mr. Bu- j-aper, costly binding, and stereotype printing, and wechanan. In his Messages, Mr. Buchanan had pro- believe as a fourth edition, it is manifest that it not attracted some attention, and in point of literary merit,D.D.. LL.l). 12HJO. pp. 588. Derby 6c Jaokson.only addresses; but has found a public of a much wider was pronounced respectable, but not at all brilliant.The wonderful progrW of Methodism in England and the United States, and a philoeophical exposition, of its rapid development are the tjubjects to which trie author of this volume ha« devoted no small doKree ofpounded the truth that human opinions and desires andsochil contrbvemes are subject to change, and that,men.oft en find themselves m a state1 of indifference*about matters which once excited their .emotions andpassions.. Thus, he promised, the sectional conflict outward setting-forth. _ , .about .Slavery'would turn out harmless if the citizens Perhaps looi-e thinking and tall talk are nowherecould but hold their tongues aboutit, and turn their minds .so efficacious in attracting notice as in the .United surprise was expressed, some curiosity was called forth;away fremiti He spoke bf.it as a transient ailment States, and Mr. Wi.ilmun, by pretentiously assuming resources of the denomination, exhibiting a long array which needs only; silent waiting to. pass off: but the to be tlie exponent of Hegelian morality, by offering but n:ott of thoee who read the book continued quite of scholars in the various branches of learning, whose advice, at s.uch ajuncture, was .like,counseling a man himself as the high-priest,of that religion, whose sole incredulous. When the name of Mr. Cooper began to culture and erudition have given them a high place ia to ignore an aneurism near the heart because a head- .dogma is comprised in the proposition Homo sibi ileus, be whispered as the author, the incredulity rather in-class; and it becomes a question how such a book can Everybody took for granted that it was written in En-have acquired a vogue and popularity that could in- duce an American publisher to spend so much upon its'gland, and by a woman; and when at last, it. was de-Mr. Helper's bonk presently showed that the pro- tense would otherwise soon cast aside his frightful fus- pleasantly. It was. thought out of the question, thatposed ishiie was .impossible, and why^and,a8 a natural tian.' Thar, he has any direct acquaintance with thoseconsequence, it lu.s been the particular means, in a case foims of German speculation on which he falls back an American naval officer should write" a book so En-where some meanswould at all events have been found, for the justification of-the language he makes use of, glish, and so womanly in tone .and execution. For a and permanent triumph. Dr. Terft writes with the of bringing the controversy tp' a crisis, altering the we think may be confidently denied, not only from theyear after the publication of "Precaution," waa the North Carolina above a century ago. He honestly him when the Brech language offers a term to his tuHte. first work which bore the unmistakable impress of Mir.ncse toward other Christian persuasions.TliE COMPLETE FRENCH CLASS-BOOK. Br Lo<r»pressure ne lound Himself depressed In form these poems, if poems they can be called, fact that, in proportion as it is made so, is there a prob and degraded. He set to work to find out the reason, are composed of irregular rhythmical lines, after the maimer of Tupper, and in fact they may be described bv the following equation—as Tupper is to English;. Bend. As long as the acquisition of knowledge is ren-ability. dered habit milly repugnant, so long will, there/bo a make his convictions known to those whom they mostThe second part counsels intellectual edu- prevailing'tendency "to" discontinue it when' free from concern. It may be remembered by some of our read- Humdrum, so is Wait Whitman to the American Row-, ers'that, among the outrages committed iu Congress dy. They have been praised as containing many poeti-cation, and we cannot better convey an idea of the c<ercion of parents' and masters. And when the during Mr. Buchanan's .tern), one was on a stranger cal passages; in this opinion we cannot concur. That acquisition of knowledge has been rendered habitually named Helper, who was knocked down and beaten in sometimes a poetical expression occurs among a dreary its manner of treatment than by quoting a few gratifying, then will there be asjneyailing a tendency the Capitol. It was this Hinton Rowan Helper; and waste of rhetorical verbiage may bo allowed, but this passages: to continue, without superintendence, that same self- it was on account of this book: and that-assault was, might have been expected—a naked savage has often a It was the opinion of Pestalozzi—an opinion cult ure previously earned on under superintendence. if-the newspapers have followed bis course with any wild grace of movement that a eivilked man can hardlywhich has ever since his day been gaining ground—- The-e results are inevitable! While the laws of men- accuracy, far lrom being his only suffering for his cour- possess, but certainly not display.that education of some kind should begin from the tal association Temain true—while men • dislike the age in "publishing his work. On opening it, a reader These " Leaves of Grass "• arc the symptoms of a cradle. Whoever has watched with any discernment things and places that suggest painful recollections, and would think it impossible-that a man coiud be perse moral fermentation in America, which no doubt willdelight in those which call to mind by-gone pleasures cnted for such;a book; for it is full of statistical facts result in a broader and clearer life—but the progress is ' the wide-eyed gaze of the infant at surrounding objects, —painful lessons will make knowledge repulsive, and and tabular statements: but the same spirit which painful, and the yeast nauseous.knows very well that education does begin thus early, pleasurable lessons will make it attractive. The men moved the Brahmin to_ break the microscope winch whether we intend it or not; and that these fingerings to whom in boyhood information came in dreary tasks showed him what he did not wish to see, and which and sackings of every thing it can lay hold of, these along with threats of punishments^ and who wore made-.Galileo's enemies refuse to look at the moon and. #he introduced the author to the American.public. That to the public defense of polygamy and Slavery should now be added thittof the emancipation of the ilesh, is an indication of a moral disorganization in the States,Slave States,—sinking lower every year from the rankof the planter to something worse than is ever experi-enced by the humblest citizens of the Free States.hV.m generation to generation his family has sunk infortune, in social position, a'ud in education. Ho him- which asjbf every evil promise. "That a drunken Helotself is obviously not an educated man, though with .should display himeelf without shame in-the market- topics of conversation among tho people of the neigh- tents are of a remarkably comprehensive character,'borhood. Many who had taken an active part in tho great struggle still survived.- The gray -haired house- wife, as she sat at the wheel, spinning her thread of flexor wool, would talk of the armies she had seen pasting her father's door in her' girlhood. There was scajcely a farm-house in the country which.had not been ravaged by Cow-boys, Hessians, or Skinners. Homes had been destroyed by fire, good yeomanembracing an elaborate treatise on pronunciation; a grammar, with exercises in both French and English,and a eeries of vocabularies, forming a convenient die- tionary; a copious illustration of French syntax; a n e w system for teaching French pronunciation; and lessons • in translating, with selection** in prose and verse, fromMr. Everett's reply to Lord Grey's animadversions on the effect of the democratic suffrage in the Unitedhand."in the hands of many lovers oi' poetry and art w a soa-long time, it was attributed to an English lady, a near connection of Mr. Cooper's.-J^Dwmormtraf i ' Case, I.or«i B«p<* «iiJ Y' 8.Anthor of 'ton A Co"Wkerti Chertk> Alio).Ey John ft.something in the style of the rejected volume. This of perpetual interest. Wo thus have the man and hiathe cost. The sense of despair, the shudder of the for authorcraf t. He had not the slightest taste for the FOLK SONGS. Selected and Editod by J o a x WinMAMOiC\^aluahle;'" And what.we urge here theoretically isjniipi'y'-denionst.rated by experience- to be true. TheBible-women,;in London have brought inr.6 the fieldof active labor many ladies who had benevolent im-puLjes, but who previously did not know how orwhere to be^in. Such we have observed to be theprocess in Jother large townsi And in the course ofwhat we have written we have given illustrations ofthe same'.truth from the Continent. W e all knowwhat Committees' are; how frivolous the.excuses.forneglect or absence, how great the lack of mornl cour-age, hew heavy the burden on the one-member whohas a conscience. If the Deaconess were.to supplant' strongly, few.Of our readers are likely to be quite at child, he had taken great delight in certain old-fash- seme Committees, probably no harm would result; butt o h i m . •'', • • •" 'vated render, but has made liberal use of the numeronp-dubious. Let violent attack-be*,avoided, but the musk, Still, some incidents of his boyhood are remembered, " waifs and strays" whose merits have given them & of conformity cast off. May no honest mind be dis- which seem to have.betokened his future career. As a place in the memory, although they have scarcely a turbed, but hollow peace rejected. If we have spoken recognized place in literature. He has thus pjeservedrefct, wtile main- are being drawn toward a premature' ..ioned heroic romances, a ta^tc which he might havo in- many choice specimens, the beauty mid pathos of whichto many Committees she would give new heart, be- cause tney would leal that in her they had gained a right hand. . . .We inUet now leave befoie the public what we have written with no light sense of its serious importance. Pit' our view is Correct) there is a great work to be done in and by the English Church, which as yet has been attempted only'in a few places and on a*small scale. Our-conviction is that, if the Gospel is to have a stronger power over the next generation -than it has over the pretent, we must look chiefly to our women— find that such a diaconate as that which we have com- n.ended will be the best help to the realization of the maxim which is a principle of religions as'well asWorldly policy, ( Gagncs lv$f&t$mes.'. • The remaining articles aie on Public. School Education, Wills and Will-Making, the Novels by the author of Adam Bede, Arrest of the Five Members by Charles I., him Sides and Wooden Walls, and Competition Examinations.The Edinburgh commences with an excellent con- densed,summary of the recent geographical researches by Atkinson, Burton, Krapf> Vogel, Beke, and other enterprising travelers.. This is followed by Memoirs of the Master of Sinclair, Max Mullens Ancient Sanscrit Literature, International Law, The Churches of theas follows:Our readers may, perhaps, have a vague impressionthat the name of Helper is familiar to their eves, if notto their minds; for it is a name which h>t« been'utteredmany millions of times within three .years. It isknown in this country, where known at all, from the'circumstance that the election for Speaker,of the House pasted it by without notice, as addressing only such a the " Pioneers," the same lady persisted in the.opinion eminent artists, and in point of typography, pajx-r, andprotracted for weeks and months on some question volume containing more obscenity and profanity thanknights, and squires, and horses, and ladies, and cas- but which for the most part have hitherto "wasted tles, and banners. He should begin at once; but the their sweetness on the desert air." His purpose in .penmanship presented an obstacle. After due delibera- preparing the volume is somewhat quaintly expressed thought. If it be not distinctly proved therefrom, it tion, a bright idea suggested itself. It was agreed that in his prefatory words to the reader. " I have brought'strength, mutt have a doctrine; and a doctrine, to en- cime now, must embody the outgrowth of humantie new book should be printed without the usual pre- you here, as one who loves you might bring you pan liminary labor of writing it. A little blue, dingy news- sies and fbr#et-mo-note, such flowers of lyric tender paper w?as then published in Cooperstown, by the father nets and beauty as have long been precious to my ownwas resting from its weekly labors, tho projected ro-. find a favored place in yours. To fit your nobler mancc should be dictated and printed in the oflice by emotions, each with its appropriate inspiration or sym- the. two boys. The young Beaumont and Fletcher, pathy—courage for courage, brotherhood for brother-tained by any unreal adaptation', nor by this, wh ch i3, of all recent adaptations, at once the most ablej the most earnest, and—the most suicidal.A very interesting, biographical sketch is given of accordingly, commenced their tiisks. Several hood, resignation for resignation, love for love, what- the late Robert Owen, in which full justice is done to chapters were actually printed, when the author ever may make the fireside dearer for every dear as-grew weary of his labor and threw it aside.- This wassociation that dwells, in the form or spirit, nearit—haa clares his complete dissent from the results of his spec- Coopers earliest composition, and for many years it been iny pleasant office; and I have culled several ulations. The other papers are on.the North American remained an isolated production. MOwers that stand for these with a true heart of kindli- Indians, The Organization of Italy, The Antiquity of It was not till he had made considerable progress in ness." To this purpose, Dr. Palmer has devoted mnch the Human Race, Russia, Our National Defenses, and writing " Precaution,"1 that the idea of publication WJIS labor for several years, and with hia familiar acquaint- Thackeray as a Novelist and Photographer. In the suggested to him. The idea Of taking, his friends by ance with the treasures of poetry in our language,' and ufeUal survey of Ootcmporary Literature, our country- surprise pleased him, and gave zest to the task. The his wide literary experience and appreciative Ui*te, he man, Mr. Ralph Waldo Emerson, is rather severely manuscript"was read in portions'to several persons, and has accomplished his task with signal success. The rapped over the knuckles for his enthusiastic indorse-., hey all advised him to print it. One excellent lady volume is intended as a holiday gift-book, as well as anif nt of Walt Whitman's " Leaves of Grass,his character and purposes, although the writer de-manner in which the work has been prepared uuiicatea blood had been shed, life had been taken, husband, the hand of experienced teachers, and its method andfather, or brother had fallen in some unrecordedskirmish, tha hero of a l-ustic neighborhood. At the progress of the intelligent pupil.foot of the bill on which Btood 'Mr. Cooper's cottage,there was the dwelling of a small farmer, who lovedto visit his genial neighbor, telling stories of old illustrations by JOHN H. Hows, is issued by W . A. timee, and fighting over hi* battles with fresh interest, Towneend & Co. The admirable adaptation "of the de- aroused by the spirited questions, the intelligent 'P AGES AND PICTURES. FnoMTHR WIUTIXC.H OV JAXK* of hairbreadth escape, of daring feat, of harried fields, venir for th*e approaching holidays. ...ofhouses burned.Clark, Austin, Maynard & Co. have brought out a neat pocket edition in purple and gold of W I L L us'* and it ia executed, not only in the spirit of filial aiibe- leading idea of the new book. Visits to Bedford were- JP!oem»} with a portrait of the author; and of Mrs.The plan of this volume has the attraction of novelty,But .higher sources than these contributed to thetaining information for the Commander-m-Chiet; thepedantic logic (at least, out Of the ranks of official giving a variety of biographical incidents and reminis- character of Harvey Birch was suggested. Strolling" Tim Sougn of Irukud. Edited by Samuel Lover. 12mo. pp. 3»Xle untrt theirsfess;^r»rrfw ^«£Ipp^ ^ ^m. ^o^*of who Jeel their lakh giving way beneath, them. The career of the. distinguished novelist.' The volume is common .vifiitors at the Country houses of that davthan jSnaJarlv, no articulate sound is cognizabppeddk-rs, staff in hand and pack on back, were moreEtiquette, aud the Usitgo* of Society. By HenryP. Willis. 18mo. pp', 64. Dick & l-'itzuorald.The Manasl ot Phonography. By Benn PUunua. 12mo. pp. 104. riwuosruphic liu>titule, CAnofanaU. Sv/ld t>y Fowler ic Wells.Untitled Document•SiBiM3»Bfti«ftftiy5i&nted different facts connected with the history of thevery warmly in its praise, and eent a complimontarrof Methodism are acutely analysed, and the grounds set forth for the belief that it is destined to a still widerThe authors of this manual have aimed to present, in a single volume, a complete system of theoretical and practical instruction in tbe French language. Its con-the French classics and the bent modem writers. Thearrangement are evidently adapted to facilitate tho*c Co.'IMttk & Fitzgerald.•Trse 8tom« >i Saui«.Parrs and We|•Cooper. V irs»«Hi- *«• W*ll«. »•»»The Jiiu^s ns mrr.tv. r jT1J« gam*. H w Laws orWi5H»P V Cetion i» K».:. J.J,.T). •'•'<OB fb»i Sforf Kciarwi .ndlefon. TSM* Vnnr ii<-o.-Harper4 B JfWi-ag(.a. HMason,pp. 138. HBcti'iU!; th*f copiously •it hb- uh&ihrg" rm?m&i,-,!•-.1• • ..-> :::.'..•:.,: ..^•i .:./:^.^:^..-.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 