DlONTWITHOPT?-•.... -*•- • •«.* I--.I» "^! -v• -' ,-,''.ill . I^&gfc" pK^replant hills, devote annually a considerable sum to» woihs <tf and drainagejlrrlgatlan clearage.ceparatlon of those and to the nomination proviacea,of a lay governor, they would hare returned to yotircommercial recondliatloa,'' wkWks 'Pf^gg.^f"and be re-ut^ as aa promptly possibletha mesne of com-aid of foreign troops. It wouldlong-continued military occupation of the LegatlonB.P?jag8IBg° im^ss>i&"we should now bear (nxn one vasion, perhapscaOte of the meaBS of eaehange will then fjgllow, aaitlMal oaaaaqnaBca of tbe ireoodlnc oamrac Tha amrnitve MdneUon at the 00 artleioWhat, then, remains to be done—for it is clearthatEmperar latends, ss I beUere kaD?S^8Pi>l&S;r...-mm. ««'«" W1M0W FROM EUROPE. clergy, and In full knowledge of the fact, that I.Mii> Na. 11 (hare la the benellts of the instltntions of credit, your Holiness had consented to an adminlttrattve pose. Well; Mr.TOL. IX—NO. 2614. DOTSSeK""WITHOUT WITHOUT TO.NIOHT WITHOPT D?ga E&&1" «'-'''°" WITHOPT T«>Nic«T withoi;t «»-"«°' WITHOPT ito-NIGHT 'WITHOPT TO>NieHT WITHOPT^ PettJilotk NEW-YORK, MONDAY, FEBUUARY 6, 1880.FKICE I'WO CENTS.CaivALia calls thsae propo«d la-fonns in France "hesays," will counterbalance. If It doet not «XMiivBT wimoirr njMVJMmnw T<KiaeHT wituuutfor such In fact it ic.France, which went to bed the<»«» nw«;Fraiyvdie traditional cry,dutyMsnflMiAii uit indeed, aa aoatT<»>ItIGHT TO-NieBTnevertheless. It iswho Inofficer could guage. Battonless Bnaar hates UsTO-iaaHT WITHOPTyears of stmg^declare on his retnm that he saw ao bones, andH«ikB TO-MZOHT WITHOPT Dt^Si!S)«iThe steamship City of BaUimore^ Capt. Pxtbii, which left LiTerpool on the ISth ult, at 3 o'clock, andaad guarantee him possession of the remainder, I do not toat be.beUeved wdrea were generally betrayed IntoD??OU3KT|«SWeOHratBTO-NIGHTWITHOPT aboutnoonofthe18th.everyone. ThePIScS^8)l^!°17th,andLiverpool8A.H. ofthewUUpr the moment suffer by the reduction of duties on HW materials and on goods of great consumption,be your decision, to believe that it will in no respect chsngethelineofconductwhichI havealwaysob- served In regard to you.toe scheme of Emperor'sTVMgTPfSS £&lgg°interesting operation. Since the voyage of Lord Cowiir to England the English Ministerial Press seems to have received a mot d'orAv to trace out in advance the Imperial poli- cy, and to prepare the public mind for tbe measuressinking fund, nusilnereased by the augmentation of commerce, al-British Lion.IaS.""Tf>.NIGBT WITHOPT TO-NIGHT WITHOPTtheir vessels being required for the Liverpool trade. THE EUROPEAN CONGRESS.ner of propagation.But I ought In this place to 1st you into am Imnor-tant secret In regard to the mazmer in wtiich tbe Em-the Senate and of the Legislative Body, jealous of in- The Monilnr aimounces that M. Ajdicthibtt has Inrlta benefits to France.Paris exhibiu remarkable indifference to the sub-"'•«'<^g'^ WITHOPT steamship at8HA.M.oftheTt compensato for tbe loss wblch the Treasury Congress. But I beg yeur Holiness, whatever may breech-loeden ! Is it a botOe ?"'<^'"«HT wra55pT p^^^^BTO^NIGHTWITHOPTThanking your Holiness forDfS6I£ri>fS!°'NAPOLEON. Paucx or Tax Tdilbbixs, Dec. 31, 1S98.snatehed to toe eleresith hour from thegrasp. France cannot be a counttog-ttotise aad aTO-NIGHT WITHOPTDm will henceforth run betweenOPBLEDGKR.Df%l?&?&'"'O-WlfiHTWITHOPT 'Wintertheywillperformthe UnitedStatesHaUser-to the Collins' Une. The Increase In the Liverpool service will ofcourse causere-Powers. Sueb are {be general bases of the programme to which I of to call the attention of col-beglesmea. who will have to without delay, the prepare,prcjeetsof law destined to reaUie them. It vrill ob-tain. I am fully convinced, the patriotic support of between France and Bavaria are just exchanged.New-York and impGOBOHBTO-NIGHTWITHOPT pany"Hg|nctlondue^D on the means offSS!!&SiSPThe persistence with papera copy tbeat one and toe samehas tdtoerto managed very well to matotato her vast Proetorian Guara, and to create a steam navy eqnal^ If not superior, to that of England. With Mioaxi, Chxvauzb for toe Sfr Peel of France, theDfsig&as?"GOHOBU TO-NIGHT WITHOPT to Paris was premature. He did not arrive there tillperor seeksFrance by thiskeeping.The Patrie says the prohibitions will not be abol-ished befhre when July, 1661,ungrate-VKD6SM. the17th. Onhisarrivalhehadalongaudienceofthe imJ>T GO HOME TO.MIGHT WITHOPT Emperor. A telegram says, the Emperor requestedseveral has received a yearswill beby protectire duties of thirty or twenty-five per cent,|»eceed against the Society of St Vincent de Patil. H. TsonvxRXL, the new Minister of Foreign Affairs, arrived at Marseilles on the 19th from Constantinople,Is notoUgtoeatrical, grand, startling or aiagiHBMtto torlfis-^iothtog fiattertog and la u, ar «mn.jmstrikingly revengeful and magntnlsuNidy blood-OCB UKDOXB.Lord CowUT to declare to the English Cabinet change for its devotion to the Emperor Napouor, wblch, with the advantages granted to French Indus- en route for Paris. Before quitting Turkey, M. thirsty. Right or wrong, it is dull and stnpid, aadGO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPTDON-T GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPT dency of the policy which the Emperor Napolxox isTOUB LXOoBB. to and it is a fact which be relied likely adopt, mayFranco-American.If I were asked my own opinion on the two impor-siras.The Paris Bourse, on the 20th, was firm and ratherAustria desires the restoration of the Dukes and the restitution of the DlONT GO HOME TO-NIGHT 17ITHOPT Romagna to the Pope, whilst Prussia and Russia domeasures,wblch are the very life and soul ofEngineer Corahillmagazine—Kossntb,dkc.wereIt not of verynn- suggestive somethtogta Fraace. IfAPOI<EOIf AND THE POPE.STATE OF THE ITALIM QUESTION. fiencral and CMUMrcial Adficcs.The Boyal MaU stoamshlp A*ia, Capt. Lott,they will be in favor of notwUchsailed fromBornlng of the Ust Januarr, arrired here yesterdajr.dar, and anired at Portland at 8:43 A. If . on Satur- day.on Saturday afternoon.lIikeoprtohllbl- tlroaoiltBwUehlimitsourcommercialralaoosis.ThesteamshipPrinceAUertarrlred atGalwayatCatholic and for ite religioniteamahlpLiTCtpoolat9tfolookontheisregardedwithin and all Fraaee,painfulthe solutionmay topofthefrbent. avatoand ImagiaeMrttAmnictmlaftUreipoolat.lTheP>M.ofthelIUi,andQueenitownonthefollowing snggest,The Nartk Srium arrlred at QneenstownGOBOaiBTO-MIGHTWITHOPT 18th.The Glatgtne from New-York arrived at Queens-onrladget oilers the resourc3 of thewhlek it will suffice to suspend until the public reve-ble answer to the "townat10A.M.,onthe20tb, andtheAragoreaclud Cowes at noon the same day.lowatheTaas, to resumetheblessingThe news by these arrivals Is of mora than ordi- TO-NIGHTWITHOPT naryInterest.need but watch thecotMn;Bwcesslve reduction on sugar and coffee ARenergetlc Improvement in the means of com-my profound veneration,Y^our Hollness's devoted son,JanaaHties which are ii|i|iiiissli^ plaaderpool,conveyance; utUltyRHaceUaaeeaB.It was reported that tbe Papal Nuncio had de-camptime,toat lictear. Sheviceand while such a attentioa, coursegnidlag long could 700,OtM sol- diers enforce a claim luder Imperial ansplees to thechampagne and sausages wUeh respectively kedformerly appertainingyou yourcounsels of toehow" Philadelphia SteamshipitrateaUon;spoiler's e^srIt Is announced that the steamers of theweeklyand New-York, and that for the remainder of theto agriculture and IndustryTO-NIGHT WITHOUTI^SIS^BOBIE TO-MGHT WITH«PT a suspension of this company's Glasgow line, all ernments, some persons take exceptions to the man-Empire,J9MB mssi^D^'two Gov-The ratifications of the Telegraphic ConventionThe announcement of Lord Cowlit'b returnFKXLIHIirAXKS Or TBI CHARGE.bling of a Congress is therefore still possible, its pro-lutelygramme beiBg founded on the treaties of Zurich. The TO-NIGHT WITHOPT Cabinet of the TulUeriea has formally resumed tbeperial Utters.At a.b^Moet giun by Prince Napouor to Mr. Coi-to land to England and use toe steel freely.*ATODB LEDGBB. not think that the restoration is possible.,ON>T GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPT It is stated that 30,C00 French troops are to be sent fectiveness and completeness. These are and TODB LBOGBB. to The Mediterranean libertyFromOnrOwnOorrespondsnt. LoRBOR, Friday, Jan. 20, I860.funnypleasanteventobetold. SachIs thepieseattrallad literature of France, for whom Napouor UL aaakes laws. IthinkImusttranslate andpublldifUssong to England.DONT GO BOMB TO-NIGHT WTTHOUT has received orders to hold themselves In readinesscentralizatlen is maintained In aU its Integrity, soas the Government maintains in its hands all the internal Improvements of the country, trustlngnolbiag to the citizen In his individual capacity, permittingLord DiBBT isifying in favor of a Reform bill. His Lordship Is to xss and the BeneciaXODB LBOOJCB.D,OM>T GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOUT TODB LBOGEB.noi eO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPT ,VTto convey that number. FRANCE.courting popularity by speech-1/tTiUDB LKOGKB.Napoleonspeerhlibertyof action,justsoGO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPT OTMODTB LBDOEB.longmonument of brilliant generalities, non-executed and Inexecutable. So, too, so long as the people are de-Wheneitherorany partyis inpower, everythingisDm•NT GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPTdone to postpone Reform untQ the Greek Kalends.PALHXasTON, if hard pressed, will even get up a warwith China to distract public attention. Then, he"TUDBLKD6BB.of the means of anattempts at rapid progress in civilization prove a totalGO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPT D?ODB LEDOEB.D'?SfD"S]SSGl§.'"on Wool- wich marshes, when waittog for the ofBelals to testlON'TLord CowxxTonbycoldcaught through exposureHOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPT JM^^gttDGEB.cuss this mostImportant subjectuntil the session afterHe was a man of aad giant frame, rimpleJ)iTUDB LBDGCa. «9SSSS>G»,S?" -Dwsgasgg"question, warmly sustained the policy of Vnnaaat, "•«»««' WITHOUT and constantly asserted its confidence In tbe result of his Intervention. It is not only gratifying because the prediction of such a result was constantly fotmd in its columns, but because this result barmon- Izea with the sentiments and of the entireaddresMd the portant letter, bySpanish coast,years agoproduc- don boto to a small froe-aad- GUte, belongedTO-NIOHT WITHOUTand an hypocrisy, IgnobleTheshould I, were it not for toe poor-law bastillea, where somanymiserablewratebesexist,andfromwhich— meerschaom,andfuUoftendidheencounter'"'*'«"' WITHOUT ngN'TGOBOMBTO-NIGHTWITHOUT stantlyfeat Tbaoxxbat wito jest, sarcasm and wit The twato cordially and totensely hated sach other, aad itof some wicked wag to too Club tol>?SllflS.DrG"E-B.*»"sympathiesliberal and enlightened world. It has been con-contained In thatwe are the more possessUTuDB LEPGEB.ssme time ago bis Majesty had the goodness to send to have been England's policy to my opinion (OUme—howevermanydlfflcultleshemightencoun- gramme,someportionsofwhichwillhavetore- us,andwhicIhtaIrseaveritablecoodeintnhaitlwoenofthese tainlyneverfreetradewithoutreciprocity.VOMT GO HOME TO-NIOHT WITHOPT B^YOUB L£DOCBabrave and gifted,^^p.^ON>TUnited SUtes, where Tbacxxbai met hilfl,Liver- Com- Liverpoolof canal dues,ciH, (he^Mnce proposed a toast in hcmor of tree P^SSgStgfeg^ negotiations concerning the Congress, and has by how to defend the Emperor's Interests. You will thus trade.Paktrdage" pleasantly uhaei rss the leliaia "^sM <tLeghorn. RailwayCompany commonschooleducation. Solongasthesystemofm. andtrade FoHey—General Policy of Napoleon.From Onr Own Oorrespondsnt.Paus, Thursday, Jan. 19, ISfiO.In a late conversation with the Biahop of Ver- sailles, the Emperor N.1P0U10R should have said, laPapal"D??5iaSGl2»" TO-NIOHT WITHOPT two dangers, excommunication aad the Italian schools as does tbe City of New-York alonetween England and France.It is that the allegednext." DbbbyandDisbaxubringinareformbillofsuch a trifilEg or quibbling nature, toat It Isthrovrn out in contempt, after affording ex-cellent capital to Buqht, Cobdir,his engine.noble dIspoeitioB, untiriaginihistTy aad great ganta*. He was murdered to the prime of UIO by (ootaa. Government officials hate all Inreiitoti. ae-explanation of his Italian policy:—some- Perhaps His Majes- ty thinks that liberty and education are dangerous to not, very many his throne. We can only regret the Ill-looking com-ter—Narouoa was yet the blend of Italy and of GOHQME TO-NIOHT WITHOPT progress, and that time would demonstrate the fact. The demonstration has arrived, and the world per- TO-MZOHT WITHOPT forms but a simple act of justice in olfering its ap-approvalwblch you wUl concert with your collegues so as toThis brings me on to the promised fiscal arrange-ments of Napolior in. In 1861 we are to have cheap to straitened clrcBtoSlaaoei, ftl-lkeclaret to England. Messrs. Gcoisass and Hsux, have heard, veryT|ON>T GO BOM JL»TODB LBDGEBTFor a long time this truth has been proclaimed, that tbe means of exchange must be multiplied to render commerceflourishing1 thatwithoutcompetitionin- dostrv remains stationary and maintains tugh prices,Babclat and Pxbxirs, Tbuikar and Harbuet & Cc,with before toe million take to French wtoes. The Em- perfectW^HiWh- «fJi«rian,,itoa wassaidtohavefurnishedhisfiiaadjTMiiwiiTwtthtoe portraiture of Capt Stronf IB IMaull. At allBfgg ^Bggg"P!B?°DmS?" TO-NIOHT WITHOUT of tbe Pope, Nafouos is running contrary to tbeme and I shall deeply, reply^^^^^^BTO-NIOHT WITHOPTBfS^^IMg^L^^^ TO-NIGHT WITHOPTWITHOPT tenacity and as much blind obstinacy as ever; and from WITHOPT tfaiawa naturally draw the conclosionihatbla Holinessmy greatestwar, has been the situationStates ofdevelopleteersareallontoequi,vice. M.MiCHZi.TO-NIGHT WITHOPT enedenlight-;reckoned thepowerful promptly.,aad TkMBBaAr toUe to a n^-^Land,- "J^X" Mu'a- be has set «B state the Issue of the PfJS^JJK^TO-NIQHTEmperor must laugh In hislorDOTNO'DTB LEDGBB.D?SfJS£S,Sg« «»-««»» WITHOUTocumentThe New Free- Italy—neither of liberty!pliment te the generous and intelligent French na- Uon.You will observe also that the Emperor recom- mends that some effort be made to remove tbe difficul- ties ientravee) which surround the transaction of com-business in France. If knew mercial you only one-half the extent of this evil In France, you would notHttalS TO-NIOHT WITHOUT ing of the enthusiastic adhesions which ure pouring a reform— would be astonished thatyou any businessThsjl made him wait for hours la the wtad aadTO-NIGHTWITHOPT poignardWhether the remark be historic or'."inquiiiesP?g^&^G^?"TO-NIOHTWITHOPT peoplereduceNapolxoh'spresentpolicytothisUmii, whichyouwilladmitisnotgivingit avaryelevated D??^&^6^2.'^ TO-NIGHT WITHOUT standard of statesmajBship. It would in fact be WKSi^MS.^"^TO-NIUUTWITUOUT Orsinlan—thestatesmanshipoffulminatingmercury. WMt LBPGEB. W« do not think that this idea gives full credit to theThe Pope and Napoleon III. Frem tke Paris Monitevr.inEnglandthanhave doneduringthe last thir-GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOUT UDGEB.in which theproud poiltloo Emperor now stands be-foretheslvlUzedworld. Wh»tIneffeetIsthemean-only not be astonished that his Majesty recommendsiII,value to the eooslroetioa oflocomotives affectedmemuch. Foryearebehad labored, and on the verge of fame, wito sooeees in hit grasp—for his traction engine is at length a»rored— which toe eatraneo to this Is:politicalI am to steer between the two goingminated histained in his free-trade letter of tbemaintained in these columns that howeverof it, because we certain documents which ate excluded. Free trade with her colonies shouldwas toe delight setthembytoeearsbutoguentfoeor.tunateCtsopdltvaltdoaGjl,^,-much might be aj^arancesbut cer-him from timeIplause.TO-NIOHT WITHOUT With this much of preface I turn to the situation ofwith that object the bases of aceive the of the Chambers, and upon principles. with this conviction imploretrue that In thussympathies of a majority of his omt people. Fortu-touchedfrankness to the appeal to my loyalty.the moment.It isbraving the wrathtowhich are opposed the progress of consumption;events toe Captain taxed Um^llBUKwjhMt Tbackbui peror, in return. Is on the look out for coal and iron made the most abject denlU. «T OM not beli«re atUs country districts, and still more inis found In thenatelyforhim, however,majoritythe lessopment of the elements of public orosperlty. Butthe essential question Is to ascertain vrithin whatlimits the Sute ought to favor these diverse interests, which have induced me to make peace ao"I do not. Great honor WeU, Pwnt has lived tometo steyto dto-not only reeelves an Immenaecertain extent In (jefrom other Ca- tholie States, but from France aa wait In faet, we W^ITHWPT know from private sources that the very large pro- iw^.... »G„O ~^afE TO-NIGRT WITHOUT portion of the clergy who favor the monarchy InItinthepresenceof theBonagnasThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069;and Ipur.yieldsuggestionsbring still thinkpacification that if at that timeagainstI addresstoyoupro-;Poor acountry. the aotwlth- But Pope,ration of adistricts of thestanding the mildness of moaner with which Napo- LBOK urges the relinquishment of a part of his tempo- ral power, holds on at the last dates rrlth as muchpeace policy." beattachedheretotoeFathertohisfoinerfae. Otrahasdeponedato toesupportsleeve at toeabsurdity of toe "Bottom, toe weaver," or rather " Bottom, toe splimer" of cotton and peaee. If tbe Emperor's poUcy be to luU snspMoD IB Eagiand could he have a better opportunl^ than this ? If heneed a tool, can he find one better suited to hisof Napolxok. this opposition of a powerfullongthe Duke si Gbahuort. Ambassador atBoyprivedordinaryeducation, will all•PJJ?*?** ''ffCS^b'^^-'nlZ r*!'5PoUoR aslODkhes as with Ids Free Trade soup fetat— alew the forests situated In the and "" plains,that the opposition of the ultramontane clergy was enough, without adding to it that of theIt, ezcepttonallytoo fartoers would not disregard the Incontestable of;approving these important acts of the Emperor, ex- presses fear that he la hazarding too moeh. But Na-goingassemble. The Pow-kill and woold bypocTliypeutoK knows the FrenchIt is to captivate them withlies upon their sober second thought to ^>prove hisr_„lytosgrlcultnreandtndastry. Withthisob- bringhavhig re- them to submls- obtained bythestrides inthere Is as much brilliancy In the crown of Auacitni as in that of CisAa.hatreds and meek proposal for brotheibood onz a plltt of great portion of the Italian peo- cheap Chablls or a dan-totUOU ol em sr«M**.rapidcivilizationwhcrethe waats ofUd will asdeaTor to ledose tha tartA by eatabUA- Isaaa cqnltibla competitlaa twtweos tba cauU aadlication which at first astonishedleading ministerial paper, the Ca<utitiitsra>ui, which has always been a bnatical opponent of free trade. Is noir In a dOemma to find an excuse for turning face about, and you may well liaagine that Its cotempora- rics are not wanting in malicious suggestions as to the best node of efleetlng thisOneoalythefraasnt completionthe railways, canals,guage, rememberingall that I haveincharacter of the extiaeta made into the Maniteur and ConttilvtioTOul from the Monutig Pott and the Ckron- iele to be satisfied of the fact.which these two Frenchprincipalof theappreciations English Imperial;consequently generalthat arecontemplation.and the Imperialinprojects contemplation.hasTreitjes of commerce with thea formaland official protestpolicynot failed to attractis regarded as a conclusive evidence of the intimacy of the relations wUch now exist between theforeigndated Jan.against the programme of the pamplet Le Pope et It Congrea,to wield an Influence inreflex action through the English press. The Londoa Morning ClmnicU, mentioned above, and which forfromgent f^d of the French Embassy at London in ex-TO-NIGHT WITHOPT telegraph Informed the Northern Courts of the desire know what appreciation to place upon the ChronicU't The effect of the Emperor's free trade letter is re-French Government Is certainly to be called upon to caams." None of yoor long dssta. Blrefiiai'VIkIt is generally believed, says the London BtraWt tbe ConsritiUionnel, the Pay and tbe Patrie, at Paris, DWTNOlTjB LKDGKR. Paris correspondent, in political circles, that a rap- defenders of the Imperial policy fiuind mime. The DlON'T GO HOME TW-NIUHT WITHOPT pToachement is about to take place between the Courts Chrenicte is much improved under the new direction,TOUB LfcDGBK. of Vienna and St. Petersburg. doubt tbe means at itsfor without placed disposal areD,»N>T GO HOME TO-NIGHT WlTHOPT Dispatches have been received, stating that the unlimited ; but I protest against a character which ITOCB LSOGER. Czar views with great regret the ten-revolutionary have learned the new director gives to the paper, ofpartments. At Havre tbe principal merchants received every noint, his stelement respecttog a portion of the poetical bUl of todlctment against as, sliofw&g it with great joy, and flags were raised as a mark of French Imperial Guard having received ite camping wAy we ought to have our threate cut. Aanai gstDiON>T GO HOME TO'NIGHT WITHOPT on, that a marked change has already taken place In tant documents which the Emperor has just publishedYODB LBOGEB. the relations between the two Courts.to the world, 1 should give an unqualified approbation to the proposed restrictldn of the temporal power of the Pope, but only half an approbation to the letter to the Minister of State. In that ofof prohibitions its day, and I have not the power to raise the dead."song.ing at Alma, Inkermann, and the Tchemaya, and pitchedoutoftoeRedanmostIgnomlniously• As for India, are we not tigers toere, as toe French are doves in Algeria ? And must not France be toeailsdeeds. All this would avenger of all these beIt Is stated that toe authorities are about to adopt measures for preventtog toe fight between Ten Sat-(Hbbrab.) It Is also ss- seited that negotiations are pending for an appear- ance of Hixitab at the Albambra Palace, LondcD, the sdmission to toe show being quite as exorbitant astoat charged by Mr. Rabxt.Jahis Botuxll, the toventor of toe steam traeOoaengtoe, and one of toe greatest mechanical worthies of toe age, died about torec weeks stoce, of decline,WT GO HOME Tu-NIGHT WITHOPT D?i0DBLID6EB.MUT GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITOHPT D?OUB LBD6BB.The Cologne Gazette contains the following :Tbe attitude of Prussia and Russia merits examina- tion. It is said they were both drawing towards Aus- tria, and that those Powers would (mite in opposing French tendencies In Italy.TheMorningChroniclegivesthefollowingaathe chief heads of the commercial treat)' between France and England, On the side of France, suppression of prohibitions, and diminution of the duties on coal and iron. On the part of England, reduction of tbe duties on wines, spirits, articles de Paris, and silks.The Tones* Paris correspondent says the treaty would be signed before the week was out.The had been deci- followingdiplomatic-changesded upon: M. AnoLPB Babkot, at present Ambassador at Madrid, to succeed M. TBOUvnixL at Constanttoo-GREAT BRITAIN.GO HOME TO-NIGHT TODB LEEOBR.andantthe work he recommends—without which, in fact, his whole series of propositions will lack vitality and that essential basis of action which will give them ef-reforms improvements, import-Parliamentary Reform—The Spanish War— The New Policy in France—The Sale of Cuba—Another Deceased-Thenorwill the Emperor's letter to M. Focui stand as aYouFrance—a nation of thirty-six millions of inhabitantsis said to have returned to Paris with full power to sign the new commercial treaty be-very coolly saysWe shall have not time to dis-brought;countrymen for armingto and self-defence,Ifitwerenotfortheexaggeratedfearexhibitedby raMays.probablUty Is, toat both wHlsncceed iatapftivthe English for the last few years, of a French In-TW eBeoaragement to commeree by the muUlpl- saalaass, and of fear.nlficatlon. If toedoes, to pounce upon En^snd some fine dar^«(ker,probable that the opposition Is aa extended aa haswlH roceire a aewQlnlat, above all things, that order may be maln-of were promlsstkat repose Europe, to renouncethoseprovinces respectablebellwethert Thevisitorwoold,ofcoons,be knows how easystoiu For, If that submission werepeopledasxllng eampt,the Minuter of Pablic Works wlu cauae tot>eand For him progress.leading Protectionist manufacturers before taking the ^niocoBclaslon of the'nOK'T $X> HOBCB TO-HiaaT WITHOPT Cork, Ireland, on the next day, arrived at this port important step, and from these he no doubt learned exhanw tha amount of^ tba loan. There remains doubt of the Immediate restoration of order. ThsB sheep-slaughter, whan it did happen, by tbe 1DOIPT eO BOBIS TO>NieHT WITHOPT TUCK LAOeKB.Thefax, arrlred at her dock in Boston at 7 o'clock on Sat- urday morning.the whole extent and force of the opposMoa that would meet the measure. X. MAoaa, Uinlder of Finances, as well as M. RoimxB, Miaiiter of PublicdlspMiUo a considerable sum, wblch, joined to other taioants to aboat 18O,()(IO,0Mf. In adtlng fioatto Xogialatlve Body permission to apply this »aa to great public works, and by dividing It Into three anaoitiet. It would give about an-the Holy Father would assure to grateful Italy peace during long years, and to the Holy See the peaceful possession of the Smtes of the Church.I lYour Holiness, Imisunderstand the seatimenU whichyou will comprehend the dlfficolty of my sitoatlon ; you will interpret kindly tbe frankness of lan-suspicions and saagninary precautions ofThe wolf would hang round Us frlead's aaetoe tenderest emotion toe order of "The J"CiOBOME TO-NIOHT WITHOPTto the aew measure, while 11. Focis, Hlalster of State, favors it, and has aided hisam delighted to believe, will notTheenl concessions of the right of drtoking to the stieaaa so celebrated to toe fable, at the snggasttoo sf Us beloved and esteemed M. Mouton. Of eooiBS he would. Wbodoubtelt? Thistariffamendmaatwni be quoted by the men to drab uniform as an aignaoBt againstriflevolunteers. "What,"theywlUsay,"do you want to aim at wtto year EaAalds sad yaar|M«P9 D?8S5S1,HSE^R.»"S0,000,000f. naally to add to tbe considerable sums already an-animate me;raoetllb-.They will qsote oonuBSrdal reform aa a ae- Coae on if yon dare" of tta Bat wUl (o so fer ss to aOegs tkat France would nerer hare heard, at least to tUs age,TO-MIGHT WTTHOPf The MaURoyal steamshipTO^MieBTWITHOPT poolat4A.li.oftba16th.the letter was addressed to M. Focid—a form of pub-Tbu extraoidiaary resource will facilitate to us notmy done for thesteamshipAmerica, fromLiverpool,via Hali-Works, areAwia anired at Liver- Majesty in drawing it upw It is on this account that nualt* carried to the budgetorand affect to make theopposedDestroyer,"writers on thelivered H. Babocbi a note of thePapal Government,subsidythe eontlB-theyreplacedJM>* GO HOME TO-NIGBT WITHOPT that although desiring an intimate onderatanding with has at length been bought by tbe French Government, try, will be quite sufficient to allow competition. Tbocvzrxl is said to have insisted upon a ntniqrant to Paris, and consequently to Fraaee. TheD^^TODBLSDCK8. receiviagEngland, on the basis of non-intervention, it was to and at its head has been placed an American, whose Before taking any definite resolution, the Emperor more precise declaration concerning the Suez Canal Emperor's Cobdenic promulgation is not ao moehVMnPTCtOHOME TO-NIGHT WITHOUT be understood that he always considered himsell IJDQBB.GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPT bound by the engagements of Villafranca and thedevotion, under any and all circumstances, to the people and the politics of tbe Tuileries is beyond ques- tion. This gentleman,who spends but apart of his timehas decided to hear the opinions of the principal manufactarers.talked of among our Gallic neighbors as the<iVNiT LELGBB. TQDBDOMT GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPT TODB LED«EB.TkOWT GO HOME TO-NIGHT WITHOPTIf TOVB IiBSSBB.project.The Paris correspondent of tbe London Post tele- Inscribed to toe Third Regiment of Zouaves, is streaties of Zurich.The P*gt announces that the different Government graphs that the rumor of toe Pope having demanded by our pacific neighbors. That aong is a Uad ofThis reserve was maintained the lastduring nego- In London, and the rest In Paris, is in dally departacnls are acilvely engaged In preparing a plan the evacuation of Rome by the French troops is abso-" Marseillaise" against AOion. It tovUasIhe po:^Third Zouaves particularly, and the French army gea- erally, togetoer wlto toe hardy " matelats " at Fraaeetlations between France and England. The assem- or with the confomahle to the announced in the Im-commonlcaiion, personally by letter,Secretary of his Majesty at tbe Emperor's private bu- reau, and whether he thus obtaias any important a^ crets of State or not, be at least receives directionswithdraw Ite army from Rome. bayoeet. Let us trample toese Isiasdeia tar (Mr DVoYOTPBlLBSDpBBgB^.^ oftheEmperor. argumentshereafter,foritmustnowtakerankwithpresentedashavingbeenmostfavorableinthede-TheHerald'sPariscorrespondentconfirms,tostosbeneatoourfeetItisdamdngtorealftechapter proposed his Msjesty overlooks twoaware that the whole ofI stand between —only appropriates as much money to common treaty will take place In England forthwith, though:failure.are, perhaps,thing like sixmillions of francanot in France for 18 months to come.Tbe Paye gives a report that the Emperor had ter-relative to the questions con-In from all parts of Europe in favor of his letter tomHT Bm HOME TO-NIGBT WITHOPT by the world that ho comprehends the spirit of the to organise an Industrial association, und no paper of him on the 31st of December, and the text of which have heard some Idle talk about Spain sell- BoTszixs. Would that a mammoto traction ^(tnaTMNT GO HOME TO-NIOHT WITHOPT the and his avowal of the pamphlet The Pope Pope,that tbe have arrived at Its present state ofThis allocutionwould, perhaps,pro-andwlto are a hundredjVgWgfhisgreatjustice,passedthrough the stampeoneesnonaires:X>TODB LEDGEB._. "T go home TO-MIGHT WlTHuPTyears-and-a-hal(in without other obstruc- organizing,precented to us In the name of the brave officers and of the army which you so worthily command, these good wishes are doubly dear to ua this day, on ac-British taxpayer who to reality Is paying for It*Look at the difference to stnee oar one-sided SpatoD^JKafariw failure,artlsticaUyaadcoBuaeraiaUy. Itet<|M«imiputHoaey is plenty In France, and the trans-still tbe abode of pau- perism to such a frightful extent, while toe lazy Span-TODB LBOGEB.thepublished policyreceived,count of the sncceaslon of exceptional>WT ew BOMB TO-NIGHT WITHOUTon the stocks at asa as early dayWBBIiBTOTB.thought to be Fatoer Pronto Ode, sard tUa tsBlli—HOBCB TO-NIGHT WITHOUT J?S5SSJS»5gg'nmiT GO MOtSX TO-NIGHT WITHOUT high patriotic motives, or both—tbe world appears to remove.GO OMETO-NIGHTWITHOUT TJ'OTNOfPTBONJTOO HOME TO-NIOHT WITHOPTapplaud the act without caring much for the motive.;had ever been accomplished In the countrynot have been nounced, if his Holiness had previously received theaction in shaping the course of Narouoa as we see Itto-day—whetherpurelypersonal,orwhetherfrom wfdchhisMajestyhasmostproperlyrecommendedto erousnationlardIs toconditionT Her rapidly improvtognavigationister of State:called the Deanery, because it was heldatapublichousetoDean-street. ThereBlgkHyMoHsnea u Mnisrsaand cosmopolite applaud, and so in toe pletoora of want—so many etarvtog creaturesto the Min- Pauici or TBI TniLxaiis, Jan. S, 1800.uncertainty of forelm poUcy, a pacific solution may confidently be looked forward to. The moment has therefore come to oc- cupy ourselves with the means of givmg a great Im- pulse to the various branches of tha national wealth.which still on certain prevailsdidFatoer Front:DespiteWe hope that with the aidofsnd what order preference it to grant toeach.Thus, before developing our foreign commerce bymust befear ofthe will seeing revolutionname of CoaniR, because of disarmament" is supposed of toe French on'pen '^''Ti»i"S^»tEmperorthe pointsphilanthropistsmoke his big, black aad de-;carpetedLook at this atrocious war in Morocco. Canl/XODEIJPgM*- and the Ctmgrttt J It is the spcmtanaous recognition nominal prosperity. It requires not months but vears letter which his Majesty tlie Emperor addressed to any one doubt toat it was designed by liim ? 1 toeir sktos. For one Abhstboxs toereODBLESGBB. might plow up toe site of Admiralty and BoGO HOME TO-NIOHT WITHOPTTk'OKT GO HOME TO-NIGHT "WITHOPT sors dared not attack. Even Austria, under the In-Guards,age in whleh he lives ; it la aa ackaowledgmant ofany character Is valid in France i^ithout having we give below **:ing Cuba 10 the United States to pay theand toe of toe f dwelUngs red-topecountrycould everworld ?of the war. It is all fearlessness in attacking reforms which bis predeces- of the trans-AilanUc steamers were absolutely two- ceived with pleasure the good wishes which you have Spain can afford this mllitery promenade, it is toetalent andfluence of the immense burst of applause with whlcliof Napousoi has beenappears almost to regret her position of hostility tothat policy.Whatever, therefore, may have been the motive ofoffice. TheMoirsixua lb GsirxaALexpensesand an of his approvalIf every year we have re-nonsense.tions than those offered by the formalities of the law,and the Government was anxious that the steam- yeters should beconsidered tkeOsraksKOae of the greatest services to be rendered to the probable that 'la to faelliute the of of firsttranaport articles course to vielence to order toaadleatlon, canals, roads, railways, whoseby Zouaves,events which have taken place, and because you assure BS that the French olvision in the Pontlncal States is placed there for the defence of the rights of CathoUclsm. May God bless you then—you and the whole French army ! May He likewise bless all classes of that gen-!HALAKUFF. Prostrating ourselves at tbe feet of that God whowas, is, and shall be throughout eternity, we Implore Free Trade la Fraaee. Him, In tbe humbleness of our heart, to shed downSpain li In a better conditionpossibleaction of commercial aAlrs would be as easy and rapid here as elsewhere, if it were not for the entraveti tobe the worst thing ever wiittsB krU»4*lB^tbut It Is a source of gratification that the Tikis has, from HrW COMMEBCIAL PIOOBAinU Or TBI (WIBI. abundantly Uls blessings and His light on the august I appeal to results to prove that toere must be somethe beginning of the present contest on the ItalianThe MoniteuT publishes the foUowing most im-cliief of that army and that nation, in order thatbeing guided by that light he may walk safely in hisdifficult and more thsn thepath, this, perceive falsityof the principles wblch have been put forth in theselatter days in a work which be termed a re- maymarkable monument oftissue of contradictions.of that light, nay, more, we are persuaded that withthe aid of that light he will condemn the principleswhen Thackibat was less proud Umb a^SBtog,he and Fatoer Frout,:otherwlse Kabort, of toe LoaGod to shed Histhe measures most suited to give a lively august Consort, on the Prince Imperial, and on theblessings Erneppuslrse to B^culture, to Industry and to commerce. whole of France."on the Emperor, on hisPresident of toe Deanery.Girx afterwards I tfad,that without a prosperous industry, which developsOnetbuig, theiefore, is bound up in the successive devel- since the of theOMt,toa'Maad;" CBiVAttza wssi todowhenheiMaaikarca Ms honor of ikeUself remains Incapital, agriculture Infancy. Every-of anxieties, both during and to toe resources of France. The pamph- word he said," remarked batwhatoughtan Inexorableour agrieuftore, and to liberate onr Industry from all the Boly See, in spite of the presence of my troops atapostleto hare enlightened toe Emperor oftoote topics, and kis, Cobuxr's, late visit to Paris »«««, wUh ttSdSalbdBle air '"'«2"i/?2S^;logic,internal Impediments which place It in cenditlons of Rome, I could not escape from being lnv(rived to athe exchange of produce, It Is necessary to Improveinferiority. At the present day, not only are ourgreat enterprises Impedea by a hoet of restrictive regula- tions, but even tbe welfare of those who work is far from having attained the development which It hasni poueau ieimpper a wu ur- toliiariti avec) the effecU of flie natlanal move- ment excited In Italy by the struggle against Austria.shakes hands wlto himself on toe occasion.How theAs soon as peace was concluded I haatened to write fore, only a geaeral S3pstem good political economy to yotir Holiness, and to submit to you the ideas bestattained in a neighboring countiy. There is, there-UntitledDmain wni be to eonvey coal aad aiaanie ttMhe dis-Such an occupation would awaken theColonel oftto aalwUtuUon of duties f„o.r orotectlngthe differentsincere regret, hnd howeverbe—what appears to me most In accordance with theItealiMattimpulse.sinkingfund to be into again brought:woriis SOfpression of prohibitionsleraSleof public ;:I Wherenpon prayGod to havein His NAPOLEON.Counselor of State.Tbe Paris Constitutionnel says there is no truth inMost Holt Fatbxband all toethe Churchand, truly, amongthereasonsconsiders toe as Emperor's programmetoe taaugu-ssacittaaiaaiMHad ^work;convincedptodoettaa reqnlre tbeia,the anlaosltlea of aple, as well as tbe jealotify of the Great Powers woold, in fact, perpetoate a state of faritatlon, of ub-uof perfidious AJfakn ?> Now, however, the new groat eanenmpliaa wlU then be a aooeadJty,aas also etamlnatlon of the dUEcutties and tbe dangers wtdeh tors? He must look npon toem,tbe other ofalUanoe. which eil4a la flwAt whether wiUtaa orthisuncertaintyAfteraseriouswho can do his work betterthan the"side to Bewarecaimot last forever !cotoblnatlons presented—I say It with araOable lunatics, and feol aad flatter them to thesot,elaaes, tbe commercial pooftoaowaU as the politi-cians,approveIt. TheProtoeHon'sts,Ineedhardly pedteeatt,assistedbytheGovernmentandstimu- trueInterestsoftheHolySee,istomskeasacrifice wolf'scave,aspioneeroftkeaboUttonofstMRipfoMspleaaoreB* Quae neaeaies, agrlcalture will find a marketgarrulous Aeepgotog as representative of aform an exeeptioa to this class, but it is not wMlfaTcoapetitlon, will compete advantageously of the revolted provinces. If the Holy Father, fpr the and shepherds. Whatwould not the wolffor ui produce wlpMrHgnproduce,aadourcommerce,insteadofflock tovery large risU a; Induitry,setfree from internal Im-which for the last fifty years have caused ao muchwhich have taken place on this subject. Tbe Em- tslajya onr taanrea, observe how, without dlsturb- embarrassment to his Geremment, and were in ex- that toe cave was sweet. Nay, he would protest AM!been pretended duringthe severalperor held long consultations with several of tbe jaa 'uo eqiolllbitaB. these aaaUerations might be chahge to demand from the Powers that they should for bis part he was not eaten and felt nopaaoe faaa 'allowed us not toofn>eaaa of navigation, roada and ports, but it will alsoallow ua to reatore In leaa time our cathedrals, onr charges, and vrarthlly to encourage science, lettersplay. Suppresinon of doty on wool andwhichof the restrictlreFrench todustry, tnt for tke warlike demonstntiOB to England, which seems as If the would beprogrammeto tbe Prince DX LAtoua DADviaomple ;replace M. Dabsotto be raised to the rank of Ambassador at the Court; M. si Biluro, Chef du Cabinet Private under Count Waxiwski, to be Chef of the Financial Department at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, re- placing M.Ashasd Linvai, who is to return to his former office at the Council of State.more liberal toan Palmxbstor, and it is refreshing to hear the sentiments which he utters.;realityquiteKAFOLXON III. TO PIUS IX.ed the cfrcumstancesto toe coterlas;youbolyject, and France on the whole is daddedtythe statement that the French Govemmentls aboutto ftil for toe boon about to be conferred on Iier. Thoerejoicing.A Paris letter in the 'yard says, thebeen made *' The who The French fleet had returned to Toulon from Alge-manufacturers, exist solely because they are protected, have been aware of my intentions for five and have hadEmperorplied as follows to certain observations which had tice—the officers believe for Italy.:to all manktod. Therefore, let toe Zouare of the"calfof steel"—literally meaning that tberaascles— of his leg are todurated by repid;marchtog to ItalySthJanuary.since Napouor came to the throne, have assumed much more importancecordtoglyrato, while tantaUzfflg him wlto exparimeBtsheld. Thefateofthisman,wtHklnglikeABeanans to toe very antechamber of Deato, fesiily attemptingRome,re-are ness was so good as to write me on Dec. 2 has doubtless horrified. It villi be, however, a leng tbne:Tbe letter which your Holi-great minions of "John Barleycorn,"acquire Facts hare that everydaygreater proportions.notorious"ttintcomplaoaat sSi^d^'^and In devotion to spite of) myChief.I bare expraseed all my thoughta without reserve, and I thought it Indispensable to do so bcforo theapostolicyou have sent to the Enqiress, to the Prince Imperisl and to me, I renew to you the assurance ofand G1B8OR.Foreign politics,wtto-7, containinggloty and toclte to martial deeds ! Intheaildatef all augurating with me a new era of peace and of assur- t>een nominated a Senator, and M. nx Havxrat as this excitement on this side of toe Channel,false.Tbe Paris correspondent of the London Tones savsthat U tbe Fope'aprotest against the famous pamphlet faaa no effiscl la drawing forth a Aearowal eg It, tlietheyWe republish from the Giemale di Roma, of ty or forty years. How can it be otherwise, when we tobusyhbnselfvrtto his models of new InventtoBs—tbe Sd of this month, an allocation pronounced on thefirst day of the year by the Holy Father, in reply tothe which were offered him tbe congratulatloni byGeneral Count GuroR, commander-in-chief of the French Division in the Pontifical States, at tbe head of the officers of that Division.have a neighbor so lively, so threatening, so auto- cratic, and w.th such a destiay, playing a contlnaal game of chess, with Kings, Arebdukes and Ambassa-dors for and for pawns, now giving pieces, peoplescheck to a Pope and now planning move and counter- move, and executtog them with the dash and decision of the renowned American chess champion of theone, I believe, of Immense —free trade was adopted.than sbe has been for yean. How is it that with allher Industry and toll England isoptolon,gatos ground. The best thing in the fliat BBatar isaugust^rm V»>raSHT WITHOPTDITSEE8TI1I6 DST1IL8 OF BISUSB ISWS.Inportaiit Cemoiercial Change protectionists. M. sx LAHAarnn, I understand, whileNowthe U and at a Congresiirriraloftbeliia,tbeNortbAmericanand evening tbe City of Baltimore.ofthe 14thprotectionist,upthe ISth_jseworks,transformingtheuncultivateddlstrlcU authority. Unhanpllythatdidnottakeplace,andI poUtlcalhatted."wakednominally free trade \ Pcopie did not know at which to express most astonishment—at the sweeping nature•nee by tbe sale of a portion of those lands restored of the measures proposed, or the momeat chosen to toaaricultore.ment of the new far- riginu. My efforte have had noreference to toeito cultivated lands, will enrich the districts withouttbe_jpoverlshing State, whleh will cover its ad-have found myself powerless to arrest the establish-I do not tolnk It ispromulgate them. The alarmlita, professed friends iTo eneoti^ge Indtutilal on mast spreading, and the resignation of GAarsALSi hasof Napolxoii, but in fact enemies, say that he has goneprodnetlon,yc pre-- gfcerata from every tax all raw material taidls.pensa- served the Marches ol Ancona from certain mvasiomMe to indtittry, and allowadtralo tata. aa has already been done for agrl-ealtore on dialaaie, the funds necessary to perfect rights lUaaateijaL the Holy See over the Legationspossiblether resnlt than to prevent the Insurreetloo from tiona from this annotmcemeB'. of a liberal tariff, If;teroughtto abbor theblood,torn mnitneeaasltate another yet would boldthe bottoa tiM tKOttooaand Into Us oar a poorequipage. The regiments quartered at VeraaiUes otoer thtogs, we are too much attaclied to eottoa.in readiness to march and our Cabtoet Councils are of gall aotd liatred are perfect at a moment's no-wade through our blood. Does not Pauubbtcis tip plenty of time to prepare for the change. The system The Paris Flour Market was dull, and sales diffi- the wink to Aixsop to assasstoate Borapaxts ? 80 hashad cult. Wheatwasquietbutsteady. savsthe Werewenottriedandfoundwant-yearspast, theyhigher. Rentesclosedat69f.who wrote tliewill depart from her, if care be not taken. These translated Judy Callaghan toto Latin sad. 0»ssklaws built up England's groatoess, and toat greatoessbard,Pboct togiortouBoptoions are, I know, now very rare to England tnitb in them. There are towns and villages on toewere mensions, and are now busy and thrivtog seaports.which a dozentive of nothtog but garlic and fleas of portentous di-strengtoens toe Impression. Mr. Cobdxr, doubtless,toEmperor's pacific or warlike laudeduce anytolag rhemeanswell to ItEngland, iswhatheaiigktdo;,lfbe meani 111, It Is ezaeOr toe line which consanuB^eman ofdespise him wlto a degree of eositenpt that no exdaeI fromtoeimperialfavorlavishedonCoinn, Thelat-; it Theeach other's clarot, but wtth a ill^t dUoaaes of ri(-he dies a victim to toe system by to toe Government departments strewn with the bones of toventorseouatrywhoItotd you that I oonaUersd—or lettsrtbe birto of great tlilags. judgment of toe ntsary eirdaa, en ashtok 1 1strangleBells of ShaaigMsad Dulcis Julia Callage did not smile opesitUsaCsft of"easy Club,truth of his nerwltohhn?"cord wQl nevereadc^targne no ge^bnttoer" his oldantagoolA lafboavdayssi^Frf'i^^^'^-t-tt aulet sincebd..wosefssr, France are urging the Holy Father |at this momentofwhirh can, by creating a national wealth, spreadcomfort among the working classes.ia that which letatis to agiicatture, you anst maktnot toisa to the pointofadapted. In my opinion, toabout thewww.fultonhistory.com 