 — #5;*4I. *word painting, be ia sctrceJy excelled by any living wlently; others ran about in an exceed way, tossing author. Hi* peculiar talent appears to great ad- their arms as if in frantic joy, or grief. AH aroundwere the black wa'ls of the houset, which set, as vantage in the present work, which is filled with it were, the fires and their attendants in a framework, narratives of intense interest, a s well a s abounding completed by the river, across which the flames costgreen. The. result is, that the road is raised above csmeJ-driver.leading his boast by .the nosn-sfcriog, with tbe volume of Lord Brougham's " Mathemitical lishing sccieties in Englaxd, which aaswer in aora*'the ground, iu order that it * may not be flooded roehed right across me, and seeing the sowar so close, and Physical Tracts," just'.'published by Messrs. respects to our State Historical Societies, hav* receatly in the raixis. Oateide the cantonments there is a; small ..darted under his camel's be'ly. Quick as thought,stream flowing deviously in a deep bed*and the groand the sowar reined his horse right rouud the oth«r silo Griffin. One of the papers, on the subject of Light b;ought out, edited by the Rev. J.R,drie, "The 8V>rii Iof the worki h«nb i,^rpori the mvguificeoiilamd tb«» Te-Tjple of M to grant also that we had Gr*c*an forma, wbicb handtoalltime,aswe waited for an arcfiitectnr••< 4/•>Thislittleactofpir*cywasavengedbymanyin<soits I'DgJJMbciiicer. Lookatalltheremen,andyouwill nearcdtberoad—anawfulpanic!Ana,heavensabove! wfcich immediately came out of the cabin of tbe boat hnd th'.-re are no> above two who have' ihe least within a few. hundred yarrfs of us, sweeping on like and the woodwork, or Hew off from the shore, an 1 '• swsgoer," or swash-buckier air, while they all look tho wind, roafaed a great billow of whi>e sowars, then-;sabersfiasbinginthebun,theroar,of thfirvoicas,thethunder of tneir horsey, filling and shaking the air.icn. luino.pp'•WU.SfctOdonitCo.A Di»cour»e on lh» Mfe, Character, and Genius of W*HhiuirtonIrving By Wllham Cullen Bryaut. l-'mo., pn 40 G PrutTJiim. . *rEvery BoJ>*a LeTrjor^nd Coun.el.rln Smhae««. By Frank(frrmtfTce in New-York, c strain, and guiding the boat: as the current waeutrOng- NfTnisn wse indefatigable; BO were Maonherson; aud dooly. Iciqn't know how I ever managed to do it, the narrative furnished by Wm to the new edition of th<» utterAnce was too Orphic to carry it to its aim aorcaa S a waterfall at Niagara,•sft ForeignTheologicalLibrary"hassolargeachela- On recovering my senses, I found myself in a dooly tion umorjg our theologians, are commencing a third-tfetethatisobjctionableintb bineersinthefields:omyleft,beyondandfringing cuajgeonthelatterandthestaff,andagreatdealof quiredofthedoorkeeperaboutCharlesLamb.He mentofCommi&atonertoAmericainthatyear.His#r*rypleasant.Icisnottec•• •-The inomert the enemy fired, bang! bang! bang!buildings to be seen here and there amid the trees be- a gallop, was obliged to fire into a inasa of Moaltaoees —Quar. Beview.' ' We may say of tnia volume and sowars who were all coming pell-mell togetherI0,^,ahMr«*M^*<^>:.>»" •"^"Tr'"^—r-Jonroal in ^i'oh;W^t««A$l»"d>tly,oocurrenoe« ofseries on American History, by Jacob Abbott, to extending his investigation to Lady Mary WortUy'^—I-i-T his residencejfieah oftbe blistereo thigh rolled off in a quid ou the publishers present him with a copy of that great na- flap;thel*ecbbi'esburstoutafresh;th«sturup-iroitui tionalwork,nowjustreachingcompletioninitsrevised—The writer in The Athenmum who watohetonr the interests of Junius and Pope, aud who must not U confounded with the editor, M r . Hep worth Dixo* (U whom the recent defense of Lord Bacon ucteditexi) u1 >-/—IXVW^; *'"Vm. H»*a&or<>ftbeeean India i s irpeeial «jrTeefK«rdettt of Tfte Tines boats, w5th uncouth rigging, were moore\ iu clampsgo*.CicalbckfromCbi»?a,idlien-of^obhatone,gone bone sick. A n order of march and battle WHS specially ordered, tand dispoelions made to stren^heu TodA» I dose away m the cool abade of the darkored ter-and brick tumbled down where the shot struck; reom, a ehidow in white ^tui&u belor* rae—a smalL the shells burst, in two btalls of smoke and fire, righc brighteyed,alightbmbedxeau,wnhacurtofgrey overtheembrasnieoftheirgnn;butinthreemina'es hair e?cupinc from uoder h s en^rmoas turban. Ho another round shot from tlie coroerfle w into our camp.which died out, and one ortWOneavy guns began to to the rght-abOut; but the panic produced by their was a email man—smaller than you—and always worereflect that the ruins of Grecian architecture will loci &d to h-»ve left (hem, plain a:S^MMfWe»t, from bank to bank or tn mid- aweam;' and at last we became aware tbattbe villages on shore were run- ningasitwereintoacontinuooslice;thatbignativethe S4flV MoiBneld;Who,io'additiontoFloo<l, hasnow saddle: Ii felt like a plate of red-hot iron; all j thej^«si or a prafrie in HikeJ ;|iPi,tbatthingwepos^snj, be proud of it at all,' w i|itiaeitherofthosepla gjpitol, tbe tb:r>g we prer> lj0nobleandthebeautiful m »g<>, in the public dom ^pdrngs and domain worth if white people, the most &seemed h k e blaring coals) deathMtaelf eouid .not be newspaper,*WM&ibehabitofkeepingaprivate louder,thejackals'yelpedlessfrequently,audthe Brown'a.ordnancecommissvriat guard.-Jiieuiena»t m/refoilofpain. Ih*dnothingonbatmyshir^.form. Messrs Sheldon d&;Co. 's Spring list fociudes otherannouncementsofpxomise,asanew*juvenilehum of voices and the noise of drums waxed stronger, hisordinary fifo. Hebaahere.reproduced the andnowandthengrsatbudgerowscrossedourpath, or lay anchored in the tideway. Some distance before originalrecord,withtheexevptiojnofconversations us,aswesweptcloseinshore,Areili^htstreamedMorknd, the baggage-master, 'had,- no ordinary task Eeet and legs naked—bead uncovered—with Bamdeenv,.i^^„ ^ ° i ; „ o n e gtirrup-leather, while, with wiia beforebimtokeep.thoseenormousmassesofvehicles, holdingonbyv«»•.-,.....*.^—•---, ,ciiss, heurged ontoehorse, and Htrnok him over the*, rKnTTi—T flew across % flankV'witb'a'"long""strip"of^ thorn—I flew across sheplain'underthat awfulSun.Iwasinaruckofhere and there off the banks; that t h e dogs barked?every I n o u r andoecarrence*ofaprivateorconfidentialcharac- upwardintotheair,throughaeloudofsmoke,which campspecialinstructionsWeregivenfortberestrictionis the one constant laxariou* necessity that one iepe.atB bank—thoee wild weird men diGcma: like decnoi>s. that onr liDeofmarohwouldheosssarily bo very long not hold on my horsO; my eyes swam, and I remember in £»£}&—that universal bath-room • " Pooh'. what is this dreadful smell—like—like coarse ano imperfectly protected;, end.that natives are v e / y no more than tbaf. I had, as it were, a delidoaa plunge- " And what do I think of Calcutta 1" Well, I am roasting meat 7" i glanced at my companion, who was prone t o make flank and: rear attacks, it strackme into a deep, cool lafee, in which I sunk deep and deep,fairlypuzzledtosaywhetheritmostresemblesSloaoow holdinghianose,andinreplytomylook,hasaid, ttatcur>poeijion»endarrangemeatswouldbeeachas or MchoiaefT; but assuredly it doee make a Muscovite "It's one of the BURNING GHAUTS!" "Boatmen! to afford themevery^inducemenl; to fe-y the effocta of impression upon md. Part*, of it remind.one of the boatmen I pull for your live*!" It wanted very litWe a charge; and the result proved I;did not miscalculate..tillthegurglingwatcrBrudhedintomylungsaudstifhid me. .'•'•'green veranda* a n d t>m»U. porticoes,.the porte-cockcre,ibe courts and inclosurer, and ihe low elevation of theby mool'ght."The special correspondent sees warm work soonammunition to join. As the sun rose it gave promise, which was only too well kept, of a day of intense, pifc- ilets heat. By 9 o'clock in the morning we had notseized wiih violent spasms ia the longs, from whica ieaturo of tbh eeries, as the writings of Olshausen and for more than an hour I coughed up qaaotitisa of mu-cus and blood; my Lead folt like a ball of molten lead. cStier, have done of the first and eecond.It iia only from others I gathered what happened this —The death of Col. Mure of Caldwell, recently an-execution of hia plan, which ends with the de*lh of ^jlace in wbicb, if he i3 wt* Queen E.izabeth. ,j ci^ftated foreigner. Avounvdwelling!*, and the wicth of the sureets, and great ooenspaces, suggest Moscow; white the trana-Hooghly after bis arrival at Lucknow. Under date of March got much more than haif way toward Bareilly.district, seen through a mass, of spars and shipping, looks like,thef view of jLNichulaefF {Nikolaev, if you like ft better), as seen from she right banc of the4, w e have the following record:This morning had very nearly seen the last- of my penmanship, and put an end to a membei:—very hum-:Tortured by flies, smothered in an atmosphere of dust, prostrated by heat, my bufferings were augment- ed by loss of blood, by recent leech-bites, audi by a fresh blister. Belladonna had lost its inflaence over the pain in my injured limb.. '""'-'—Mr. John Chapman of London, wo'l known as the f m years riuce, on hia firW day, forjmy own recollections of the occurrences after nounced, leaven another historical, torso to be ranked publisher of The Westminster Review, aud a clasit k, by a friend. " My ?GBong. Garden Reach,. an? thefin«»broad cau-eway bie, indeed—of that republic which young Pnnco E > by the wide river, lined with tr^ee, lo->k well, so do terhazy assured me, at Moscow, was worse thaa thethe g?eea psrapei* of the For', with its bastions and Kouge—tbe "proletariat of letters." I had sauntered curtainsrisingsharplyabovethev«rdoreoftheglacis. outwithmygleesundermyaimandwentdevntoOn the land side of u>e Port ia a beautiful lawn-like thc^garc en which I previously mentioned. It mast sheet of grass intersected by roads studded with trees, have been a very, pretty spot—opening on the river byand fenced m by a line of Bhioiog wbi:e houses, elabo- a flight of step*, with aJcovee, covered walks, oraoge-rately porticc-fcti and coiunLaiea, which sweep roaad treep, kic&ks, abundant statuary in plaster, a platformfrom Government House oa the left to the regions of for dancing, aa orchestra, tbo ornamented roofs, cov-Aliipoieontherightottheb'ors,aswelookiromthe eredwithgddedbossesandspires—tallcypressesandboggy. And pray, wh-it is a buirgy ? It is a gig with tanrarinds bordered the orange plantations, and a wil-a. hood. The European drives, tee Syce runs .by the derness of flowers sprang up in their neglected bed?. horse'sheadwithafry-wbi3Kinh;snand,orperches Everythingwasfastgoingtodecay;tneirrigationup behind at the back oi ihe hcoc. Seen thus, with canal's were choked up, the fountains Were dry, the thelightfalhnjronthehouseso^Chovringhee—nottoo statues falling to pieces, the lattices in tha kioskenear, pray—while tte grass of tha glacis"aad p'aiu ia broken. Walking tmt of the garden, I went down to stiJ green, and the trees are clothed in leaves, tha first the'broken ground close to the river, and proceeded aspect of Calcutta i< agreeable. Bnt ** the City of to take a good view of the Martiniore, which Palaces?" Well, well 1 As to palac*s, we really mus; seemed quite cloee at hand. On my left front see ! The Fort to me is th« moot iateresti&g edifice of waa our wall, with two guns and two howitzersiathe charge of the cavalry are more vagae than those of iisjds and eyes in horroT, " r.< a sick man's night-visions. I can remember a loog with the ut'liuiabed works of Macauiay and Prescott. of booia belongmg to t t e advanced guard of liberalhfelt in the dooly,.amid an immense number of ammu- His " Critical History of the Language and Literature opinions, is declining business, to pursue the practiceo( *of Er>Klb-hroen to tbe «t*p~ >of their step aerosetiieHoognly, wh're they were floor- quarters, rede out of the Bibiapore p*rk on a white fehing weE enough,mice tneir first settlement amid the pony; and joined the group. I was looking at theBlack Bole. Tbe /on looks stout and aohd, and is the wii.d of the shot made mc icini I tamed inetantly toward my dooly, to the infinite discomfiture of numer- may have tended to Bave my life. As soan ascruize tbe popular demand f< l»ive astcmblics, though .an.ii tttt would be expedited and Ssaators,ifnotbetter,weret3 Hwn it is acknowledged thst t it is ita general tone, there ii a jrweeof it, Tbe chairs and de-kjncefnl and convecieut; butTHE CHAMBERS OP CONGRESS.When that famous New-%»al»nder of the Eaglish hi*, Hfcily have been made to addnative villages WMBgned tovbeoa Here WHS the workMartmiere through my glase. soon after, and observed eommenceneed bv Olive; &<ur Piawey, and which, but a fellow from behind the wall of it stretuh out a coal &fewahcrtmonksago,wa.^therefugeoftheEaro- attbeendofastick,orlongpincers,tothegun,littleofthem,closetosomecottages,andtheroundshot, came near me, as well as I recoLect, for Sir;hewasaverylittlenan,'withsuchsmall.legs,peans ot Calcutta irom wbat they fotued would be a dreaming that it was laid right for me, but in a Becondwinch seemed to pitch into the center of a eqaad.-on of eeveral hours. The non-attendance of my friends constructed after the hc^% principles of fortification of to see wbere.it was goin?, and in the place where the ous camp-followers who were engaged in legumiuous .the flow of blood and mucus from the lungs had some-lateworsethanti.atwhichb«ftli thevictims ofthe Iheardtherushoftbeballcomingstraightatmo,and tbe Carabineers, ricochetted thraugty tbefieldsrightWASHINGTON.there is equal sileuce, broken now and then by " hexustie of a newspaper," tbe p.»p of a ccrk, the click ofhOJtaxd b*!is, or a ;ec bie " qui-bye" from a distant baug! went our two guns Mid two b»£ ho witzers at fore tfie-m. " Bareilly hai, sahib," said my bearers. upon his guns. 'This, and the«eight of the Carbineerssalaams to the Sahib, and bays, " aaj name' S mon i Aga'n our gur.s went at it This lasted all day; theme n.'iiter'd e«?rvant." Th«-n, *tandiog with hisarma corner of tbe Martiniere Buffered, bnt the gun was not road,.and, seeing ms iu the dooly,he asked:ioldtd across his breast, he wait* till I nave read touched. After breakfast, Which I enjoyed all the thecertificatestohiscbaracterandafairments,which betterforhavingaheadonmysaonldera/wenttotheare placed ma little pile befon n»e.( He baa been en» top of tho I>ilKocfiba, where.I epent the day, hotas it gaged for me before m\> arris-a*; aud though his wages was. The advantages of the site, as a look-out, made" Can you teii me, KusseU, where Tod Brown is? Thechi*!wantsuptheheavyguns."plain, was one small tent pitched for Sir Colin, audare very high lorlnda—25 xnpeea a mootfci—as he it a general rendezvous.5 Sir Colon came up about 11 •nfaniry toward the front. • the charpoy ore "Sir Colm came in, and, having heardspeaks clngliih, axd Las ir»ve?ed overmiet of Ii^dia several timed, I am glad to get one who ia well recommended. AZUOJX his paper* is one to the effacto'clock, and spent half a n hour on t h e roof examining "Andwliataretheheavygunsfor?Arethereworks wbathadhappened,congratulatedmeonthoescape.hasbeenrealizedbythesale,atsomuchpertun,to liefthattheciasticehadesofGooseCreekwill%t daely,andamereblotchta tho place and talking to us. Lugard has occupied ;n front?'^ from eun and eowar, and proceeded to give mo details t/'e paper mil/s of the duplicate archivoj alone, so cir- murkj and dank * « h centuries of so'ituda, and docxf, skracter and color of the woo...that he was once a heathen, named AlJagapah,bat that he was bapozod by a uusrion try of St. Francis d'A»iei»te, and i» now a Christian, Simon by name.some of the lower rooms as quarters for himself and staff (a round ehot passed through his breakfast-ropm this morning;. I waa glad TOt e a way from camp, a3 it has to be moved to-day. The enemy Hod thov an-"No; but tho enemy seem strong, entrenched in old Of what had occurred. He complained ve?y much of cumlocutory were all the processes of business in this and forgeifulncso ere be soeka ita bhitdes. Were it Idee. Still worse is the oei houje8 and iccloBureaj and Sir Colin wants to give them want of information. When he- thoaght he was out-a poundiDg before be- goes in at them. They have side Bureilly he was in reality only outside tho rained princely corporation. In tois mass doubtlessly was otherwise—cid we bear him a prophetic grudge for hit dumber ia lighted by e*ya.bad imitation of th«? Wesson monument, iu Trafalgar square, with .Nek-on removod from the top. Before us is the Fort.»•»»**#must suffer. Tiere was a Bhortand a slight commo- tially set, histoDgue sticking in his throat. H e recov- tbe Chief for ecine time; and then Cameron of the 42dtion anv tg- the natives; on goinj? on?., I found the shot pr.'-d a little, looked at me, a&d said " God bless yoa!" came into my tent to add his narrative of a very nar- Her early worike, '''Mocern Accomplish02enca" andbad gone through the tent of Sir David Baird'sservuat, then tried to get to his. feet, gaveja sort cf gasp, aud row shave indeed, for the Gazees dracrgod him from " Modern Society," had a large sale in thia country,sense, and whose xeputtttion are made a vanity aniTi %«'. alvne upon the space belojThereinaeon,indeedwUichtellsuawearenotm • scarcely have tbty revtlvea twice iu their course, ere have a fceTene^oo^ expression, which invites',Ojcm.fi-. ters, Lhad rtmoved every particlo of clothing exct-pfcandexperienceoftheBattleofBaroiily.lived Crepntscule of our southern climei is unborn and unknown here.Hereisascenewhichthewriterwitnessedona7tcl of our c-ilkers as they i5tcod chat.tisg in groups to- kind of existence. I had ceasedfco-wonder why any-day. Sir CoJip, spite bf a sbgbt stoop, is every inch a thing was not done. Suddenly, once more there was a which they will obtain a vivid impression of oriental " Oxford and Cambridge Essays," the contents are ex- present interior of our National Capitol to pux?*etbs-devoured me,at least, with avidity. Under other likeeoihie.T*. <carcnanm>s&tatanncces, I sehbouuld* have mnaciki enjoyed tlhat Jongmoonlight slide down tbe greut river, wni^hr;an rtlongwith aeotgur^iiig song, *s thoagh rojolc•hniut m :tst'yclopfcdia Britannicu, It will appear iu an enlarged omi,andbeentitled.*•Metapb\slca,ortboPlivnomonai Cuniioioueneta, Phononiouul aad Real."—Mia. Browning linda it necessary to act herselfas they were to bluuder, thir Wundew.were put in • material to easily removed, and lor which titae v* n<^ long-BUirering."^tfen in the carpet, yel*oi ffiitboseats Thedoor-ws 5jKiaple ure diuBgured witJ.ruinI'Mrai^zi.t.j 1.. tta ly(\iwfl"..t 'iiriir fhucoming liberty. Iu tbe indistinvt light the "woodedtie wild cavalry WJW coming straight for the tope ini^^Ml etuoeo. The ludicrol —-The culture of turtles ia nosvprosecuted in La Ca- tbem, axd claiming <4 A Cnrao for a Nation," In the That whioh ought to be our pride aud our p'eu^a-e,i* p Snate, aud when Staamerablo dogs, and the w:ld choruses of jaekab* as of Bareilly without abridfjaxectt:able death swooping down ou us iu the heart of"PoemsbefoieCongress"aathoundoubtedpropertyoi, asourceofmortificationandpaiu. Nowheracitedoe«4 **%tfrom the rish eto^a; ^•*JB him to writo ftgncsy under a tele• /.,'•&•••. •soldierin\<x>kandbenrieg—spare*muscular,well-httleexplosionofmusketry-'in.ourfront.Iioaued poised on sn*aJl, well-made feet, to whi>;h some utilitar out of my dooly, and'eaw a losg line of Highlanders, nan bcot-inaker has done scant justice, and given wboeeemed as if they were practicing indopdudonilife,especiallyinthoterribleaspectwhichitwore during the rebellion of 1857-'8.siNwiling a character of 1 clusivelyofatheologicalcast. Thewritersareall distantfuture. Lifeiashort,andartialong,braesi» hkingwiththep^e,adri-.-men of maik, including the Oxford Professor of everlasting, and atone endureth forever; but thanhut* fcfe, ita apparent bight, iaxitt beneficent Nature platter is perishable, and paint to a 'bee of the pretence in *Hebrew, Professor Jowctt, and of geometry, Pro- pretence which no Renter or more enlightened fore* ; JfjeBgicg him with this incul fessor Baden Powell; the master of Rugby School, than a negro white-washer with a brusa tmd a bft of •bito. Yet this room -iatheboat eaxl from S^rampoTe:Late at night, and with «cxne difficulty we managed plenty of leather; one arm held straight down by the file-firing on a parade-gronud, looking in the di'Staacoto get a boat—that " wo" being a gentleman who was, side, with jlenched fist, the o:ber ueed with e-isy gpa- xery cool, and quiet, and firm; but what they were I think, Pxincipal, or ox.e of the professors o/ the Dove- tare; his figttjfe fiioivs tittle trac« of fifty ) ears of."too firing at I in v «n endeavw ed to ascertain. A. few na- -and beaste. and mfn^ whleh'eeemtobbgrpwing ;;Montagu, and in au article of great research, pror<* conclusively that the present form of her well kn->wnday from t h e grannd^[.in"a^^.lk mg :.:lik^rorri^.'(,:„..« vsmmim:1 WB!^7*«»w^^^ »^*«'.->Jw^*^»^>**«tw>yj«»t ' sNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUKE, SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1860.Eatfy tnlsmdraifljf(BfayfytheWhole'/army,with? thatyfliftl:crowa, AtthaVwstMt*myWbfifl f^edjla strong advance guard of cavalry, guns, and iufautry, with dropeof sweat rolling down bis black facs, ran T";'"*r-(*r^^;-^»w,*M-:.'.v-,s;:^ ./.,,,«.•.*.,..,v ,-.: -':.--*'_.•..••'{iroceededtontraoktbeensmy'sPitsitioe. Wehad,a towardsme,draggingmyunwillingandplonglng^•J^^yfi^JW^^fffe^ett?*"lAjfeof Wtvhhtg- thosubjectof2w£vattdnadoiurithoughiaobediencete orgmaickbefore^uaere'^wecoulagetutthem. Inour hOisetowardsthelitter, andshootingto.meas if mlittle camp there,*• werei gteat prOpkrathiinB last night. tbe greatest affliction. I could ecarcely move ia toe fcon" Wiirshottiy be pub^jbed by SheWoili & pp. ' I t is tbe proverb " corses always come hocae to roow," ths Allgcod; and last, not least the Chief and bis Chief of bat by the helo of poor Ramdeen I got iatothe Encyclopaedia Brttunnica, in retaria.for which the the Atlautio..looked black and heavy in the moonlight. A« we got of tbe dooly-bearem There were three of UJ—Sir animals soon, shd gave up all ohance of life as a qt Schiller," Milman's "Litiu ChrfaUaBity,", fiUgen-^ t e r , together with, a fen:notes and ooservations nearer, I could make out some seven o>eight firea, all David Baird, Alison, and myself—who were to be. troop of Bowftrs dashed in among them. B-*mdeen which th«y were first written, and tha; prolability j* |||, on most subject*, the rmaiched at thebead of the infantry column, bnt , ,. ,. ,,,. . a look tof terror over his baeb'tf%Historyof Doctrines,"editedbyBrof.H.B. muchagainsttbeauthenticityofalargeportionoftfc«?-brL2iar<7aidfoTce.Inthepowerofgivingavivid smallcrowdofnatives,whowerebusiedanonifthe aboutBareilly.Itissaidthatallthew;ayfrom bkek-beardedscoundrel,ahoadofthreesowars,Who BobineonofBocheeterTheologicalSeminary.representation of a scene by a niastieriy exercise of firf s. Some threw iu fresh logs, or moved the piles to Furreedpore till within a mile of thej rained canton- woe coming right at me. I .had neither sword nor —The Surges Society (so named from the historian ; S L j^fery aeltnowledge,ia-make them burn quioier; others sat round the fires ments, the country is as level end smooth as abowhng- pistol. Just at that moroeit a poor wretch of a —A very remarkable fact comes put in connection of Durham), one of the most active of the ioc4 pth£ I J^old ever be fiaisbed—n%m* suggested; by the topic under discu-sion. M r Eoa- together, some blazing fiercely] with sparks flying np-•ell is well known as a descriptive writer of singular wajd, otheTs in a dead red smoulder. The glare fell on the right or ofiP^side, the eneiny lymgon our left shoulder, and, leaving-tbe^stirrup-leather, disappeared^gave a lood cry, with Smith, snd a new tran«lation of Neander's "Plantingon the black faces and white turktoa and dre«ses of a front. It is curious how little information we can get I followed tbe direction oft hnis glmaunoceo,. anunud. -s•aw a and Training of the Christian Church," by Prof. E. G: without scrapie, by her descendant, Lord Whartteli^to be fotmd anyvwe naveftrwolntcrlynoi noteo«8ese.The0is intersected by nullahs, so as to be :unfavorable of the ciimei, and as the man rose, I saw the flash of and Colors, was published in the Philosophical Trans- ROIIH of York Cathedral," a minute record of tbe pro- in rare and valuable information. . long black atadowa, as the figurea passed to aad fro, for the movements of regular troops^ ia various the tiilw&r jailing on his head libe a stroke of light- actions for 1796. The copy w>nt to the Eoyal Sosiety grees of erection of that building. They are fan ^conquering the moonlight in their power. It was a plrcca. Jones is now-supposed to be within a day's ning. It cleft through both h's hancs, which he had-Weextcaettheaccoontofhisfirstimpressionson mostwonderfulandstrikingpicture—nothingIhave marchontbeotheraideofthetown;bntthereareatleast crof'sedonhsbead,andwtthafeeble gargleof containedremarksontheeffectofexposingaplateof interesttotheloversofGothicarchitecture,aadeiad-axrivirg a* Calcutta: evtrsecn came near to it for variety of effect The two sides open for the greater part of the rebel* "Earn! Ram!" the camel-driver fell close heride ivory stained with nitrate ofsilver to the rays of the date many points of art history. A curious factblack figures, streaked with white waistbands and tar- to get off, and they are far stronger in cavalry than mewifchhiB skull Bplt to the nose. I felt m y rime HPWe drove to the Bengal Club, where I had been bant—the contrast between the repoee of the groups was come. My naked heels could rsaVe no impies^ion spectrum, and also on the result of submittiog the that no trace of one governing mind, answerisg to our jjfcw rife, religions, pobticj kindlyputnp,andelectedasanhonorarymember. seatodnearfachfirewithenergetic,active,and.coase- wt*are. ' ' • inthepantinghorse:Isaw,indeed,acloudofdust platetotherayspassingthroughaemailapertureinto modernarchitect,iavirible;theMatterMasons,wh#] mmm&itodathoa»andyearsThe benefit and advantage of tha courtesy wero all the l«es movement of those who were rdnnkig ahoat—the Before we started this morning, I called the syes, and a body of men advancing from tho rood; but a dajk room. These suggestions were considered by wero engaged by the Chapter, were the responsibiei |u»aftt) we might have tried greater that, in the Iuuian dub*, members can have fire* sit rube ring out quietly, or glowing with ttle dull and told him to keep my beat horee close to the. Utter. ust at that moment a pain so keen bhot t'aroagh my Sir C. Bl&gden to relate more to art than to pure persons, but it is still a myatery from whence originate^ tfr; if that wero not pc;vrodroooait if they axe vacant; and one. had been ;<•>«;'. •ecared forme. Although it was January, the heat •was very great on board the steamer, and alongAlison a-»d Baird gave the same direotions-to their bead that my eyes flushed, ii're. My seoses did notred of charcoal, or blazing, hissing, and splintering aervanta. This little piece of foresight saved all onr leave me; I knew quite well I was cat down, and science, and were accordingly omitted from the pub- the glorious design- Tne Workmen in the KJtfa**£ jjgsipted to do no worse thanred eaztnen pitcbeTs of w»ter, ar>d a glorious tub. I t off the shadows which ever diuted it from the ghastly sowars, while we had only a few hundreds, of horse, the heart of the pack was all around me; but I could duction. In spite of its abstruse nature, a new edition beer, and extra pay for all ununnal work. The theory iijnfinUe pity that we.could 1into sparks, which rose from the many tongues of flame lives, although I had a hard struggle for my own. put my hand up to my head, but there was no lished copy. Had they appeared, It is morally certain V>lh centuriee had etrorg pomta of resembbance wittf tf tatte and some sense of ad - the road, which bad not oeen watered. The delight* that cloft tbe dark clouds of "smoke rolling out heavdy Among aU horrible deaths. I think being shoed to blood; for a moment a pleasant dream of home came that they would have led to the immediate discovery of their successors of tho 19th—somewhat turbulent aad 1of that club bedroom -wore great; for at .ached to it toward us in the night wind—the m'ghty river nnhing pieces aa one lay helplessly in a litter iiaa a high Isntrice; and it .being evic . •was a dark latticed room, in which stood many iarra by like a torrent of quicksilver^ striving in vam to carry place. Knowing that the enemy had thousands of across me; I thought I was in the hunting-field, th it photography, fifty years earlier than its actual intro- difficult to manage, and prono to stipulate for they Medsense nor the mod*stv t.which were the usual dense' woods of mangoes, pee bajonetting and shooting going on; but I cannot sayrole, ar<d other trees common over all this part of Ko- whether it was real, or if, hearing of the charge of the { Gazees that evening, and the descriptions of it given so lilcund. I could Dot quite sse the base of these groves, often while I waa very weak, I mistake tae impressionsbut pretentlyT saw a puff of smoke rise from the midst of one sense for those of another. No surgeonopen fn,m inride rho city* upon ua. Another pause demonstration was vary great, and almost as soon as shorts and black gaiters.' " Poor Etia! what would tcokpJaco. IwasconsumedbydesiretoseeandtoHy %hbora^icn of carving:k n o w . • ;An officei'—I forgot his name now—came down the;the first Was over I believe a second took place. ne have said if he had known that the memory of hi*The sun was tfoing down ere w e were moved for- ''.continuations" alone survived to distinguish himward for about half a mile, and there, on a bare sandy f;om bis fellows? Bat in tho process of the ages thehimtoantedateournationalexi»toncobyafewtho*.tand j ears with entire confidence, while there will 9% icald have evinced poverty nothing left whereby he m»y corr-sct that impre*- last, have beea free from fcion, or arrive at any positive knowUoge of our i*sie Je WHS not satisfied with tin intheartofinteriordecoration. Wobearauaaud- lbsunhappilyinstigatedto patory ill-will toward that coming and curi JUS traveler, mface of the wood some scro but for bis sake, UB well as our own, rejoice in the be- Itiily improper and nutaeveryIndiaHouseittelfisnowshortlyt:>besold,aud I cculd only reply that I had seen him an hour before two or three pall and servants.' tents for the officers. will probably be replaced by a railroad station. In struggling torn'.ike his way through the baggage and I was put into my own pall. Scarcely was I placed in tbe general clearanco of the Company, it ia said £5,000shown lots of cavalry on both our flanks." vcantonments, some miles from the city proper. Tue included what Lamb emphatically called his "truo better luck in living in that age wnen E.gbtod ia oulr ted But ii is so heavyInstalled, be at once-set to wort to o.eu all my boxes,to t*ke pos-e#»i.>n of all my ke»rs ano effects^ acd to noy ue, and have learned from their spies tho Lordmake an inventory of the t>au>e—for h5a own satisfac- Sahib is there. I should not be surprised if they mis-tion, 1 presume. When it was getting dark, D— took Mr. Hegan, on his white pony, this morring. forcame rennd for me in bis bug^y, to perform the great ihe Commancer-in Chief oh his white ho.se. This soldier was carried past me fainting or dead. Major Sir Colin described the charge of the Gazees vividly. piC£ervj.tion, a few of the roonrs of our National Oap- * weight of . eupcrincumNm ceremony of Calcutta hfo—1.» take the evening tarn moraine a round-ahot pitched close to onr' mess-'.ent, Metcalfe had kindly given me two bottles of.. French Jnst at this moment Walpoie came in with a bloody least such is tbe opinion of her pubiiaher, whoan- Vy of design iu the glass aod on the Esphmade, or on the Course. Tdc Espun-ide at bre.-thf£3t-time. A litt'e biter, as I was in my teat, •wiDe of the Chief's. I gave a cupful to one of those handkerchief round his hand. He had a narrow es- nounces a reissue of them at Is. Gd." pervolume, as itol. It would drive him mad; that worst of all froa*BOOKS RECEIVED. /hardest and mjost varied service beyond that which a t-ive troops seemed to be moving about in front of theiu. Critical and Mi»c*]lancoufl Eonnyo. Collected and rcpubllahedDr Temple, and the Vice Priuciprd of the Church Col- lege at Ltuspeter, iu Wales, Dr. Rowland .Williame.iion-hoop can scrape and cover iato the limbo of dust Exception, of any in theton College, -nd myself; aud, I am bound to say, that vigorocH ace must carry with it; tue face ia marked, As suddenly asit had begun, the firms? died out once we did not, in getting toe conveyance, act qaiie likeIsraelites m whom there wa* no guile. Staadmg on indeed, wiih many a peum across tho brow,- but tho nboie. " What can it be 1" said I to Baird.mouth,snrmtnntedbyatrimmed, shortmu3tacho,is "IhaveDottheleastidea. Itisfiringofeoniesor- the muddy and slippery »hore of the river, now clean-cut and firm, showir/g a perfect set of teeth as heby Tiioioun Carlylo. 4 vols. 12mo. 6TO*II fc Ttt^aurd. The workjof ^"acfciiiffton Itvkg. Now Kdilion, Il^vbod. V*l.& Co.and oblivion. Thia wildernesa of stucco, on wtueli rt and color are agreeable, I Yet tbe whole objecto of the volume—giving sym- dampness, in some places, baaalready seized, ou winch **ill«nt* It is only wbe«.> eiwb;cb he holds rather aloft, giving himfeslf the air ofwero rushing for tbo road. It was a veritable slam-'Sacramental ^yttcm, 6io., is controverted with all the powereflogicandtn«latebtocianciflcresearch.But this was,a mere bagatelle compared with the andblccdiDg Woundsf upon the field; tho left wipg ofrightwiththepublicinconsequenceoftneextraordi- naryobtuaeneesoftbeEogliaujournaliets,whop»r-Washington,nodoubtgoalong^ithusreadilyintttf fcistinfittingtotheirheadsthocapnotlutendedforocndemuatlcnof130interiorofourNauf,«nalCapitol ^•l^ouiogontheekyli^hlscenewhichhewassoonaftertowitness,audinban>»ropenedintoa^velvetforest,amidwhichahone whichhetookamoredecidedpertthanhehad whichwelay.Theeyetakes-inataglancewhat outatIntervalsthewhitehouaeaofwar..-bants'.Tte tonguecannottellorhandwritoiuan*hour. jjuoltn: of tom-tomirg in the vil.ages, the brt^yhig of iu« bargaited foi^ W e (jive his account of tUe battle Here waa, it appeared, aa inglorious and miser-SiUaniitoe;or,TooLitUepHjsoMonuHcrlpta. ByJ.Fouiiaoru Coop«r.IlluHtratodbyBarley.12wo.,pp.501 W A Towu»end'&Co. .' .••Aa thry came on, camp-followers fell with cloft skulls DecIflJoiiH oi tho Interior DopartmeU, in PaWto Land Cas««. B rLITBtURY.oldEngland.ThemodernCawandradesiresthaiittawW known, that^TJntted/Btfttes and not Eagi&ad{,Mm g'',".i1;1,'/'".',^jooeriean /eel so a*bam<Bigwepretend toinwbicb would connect the Frie Masons with thew —Messrs. Clark & Co. of Edinburgh, whose g/gantic. piles proves to be unfounded, aa not th#slightestreferenceoccuratoanysuchinstitution.to Bpeak, but my mouth was full of blood. Then I was introduced to Erjglieh readers, will form tho leading and Queen Mary, and carry him about half-way to the |h$fiion, owner of all in that 1i|.»etbrng at all. An Am«: try, fensitive of Eer repn. hereulttueinartshould/Keva bank* at Sw Petaraburg. Then, agate, the to make me sick to'death I remember Bach anotbjer We moved slowly, w.th frequent halts to clOse up thowhitehousee,surroundedwvhwalla,providedwith honorinanoldhookoftravels—"cannibalsfeastisg column,andtopermitthebaggageandsiegegunsand dream.Ibadbeenforalongtimeinsenaible.Itried Lanje,adHtinguishedGermancommentator,not,,yet ItwillincludetheperiodoftherejgnaofEdwardV£ 07,responsiblefor,and,toand wore knee-breeches.' He directed me to a pri- vate stiiir which would take me down f*> the Account- ant's Office. I went into a place below like a bank,rected at the Carabiseers/which did not come so far. was recovered,' and it was lucky 1 was not in it, for tbe room in which Lamb wrote for many years. Mr.ART IN[7\x*t Article.]plundering. The shot stopped Within thirty yardB of what ceased, Simon got me a battle of via. ordi-the road. It was followed quickly by another,di- naire, which 1 drantt at a few gulps. Mr dooly ai>dwasshowntoaprincipalptrion, Mr.W. Itwwthe last century, on wnicb, a* 1»t as I know, tiere has croup under the tree had bten, I saw bat a pillar of been no impruvemear, except Ferguson 8 untested'sj s- dest and earth. As it cleared away, the white ponytern be on*. Tbe emuracQree are too much crowded, apeeared describing veritable scenes in the circle, wita I think; sad the axmam«nc; tlough tumerous, is light. our stent friend on his back; but his entourage hadas opposed to modem biege guns. The dsiecses dissolved. The thot had strucfe ri^ht under the horse's againstverticalfireatebjnomeansperfect. BatI1belly;anditianoimputationonthechiefclerkofthe am getting far bejond my uo>es. ; • * * * Acjutant-Gencral's Department to say toat he movedLet us return to that cool «lnb ^ith its open court, elowly away from ground which toe enemy had so shaded passages, axd wellblinCed windows, where accurately measured. The wind of a shot has no rot a pound is ne»rd bnt tbe lwivtering whiatlo of tbe ph>pical effect, except creating a current of air;'-its kite, or tbe tbirsty caw of the Indian crows. Intrids moral effects d.-ffor according to one's nervous or men-tal constitution. .*?**"- ItisJ»nnary; bt»e no one yozs out in the sun. tlse angle of fee Maxtiniere. Large blocas of tHo plas- Tbip a freBh. ouiburst of mns^etry.. fire took pi j.ce, bearing cown oh them, rapidly sent the sowars flying Monthly Review.' Mr. W . knew Lamb well. • He him to make this little excursion, it i* some comfOTfcm little else than uprightBIof tbe volume was required in a week.—-A new installment of Mr. Froude's "History bythoroad-Bide,butIthoughtwhathadpassedwasa seriesofthatwork. The"BibleExpositor"ofDr. England"isdefinitelypromisedforthopretsatseaso^ nbevUitstheCapitolaj;Looking out of my portable bedstead,! could see nition camels, sick and wounded soldiers, and camp- of Ancient Greece," though advanced only to tha fifth tnedirine.' Hia aucceshor ia Mr. Oeor^e Main waring, a !#em the City Hall Park Vnothingbutlegsofmen,horses,camels,andelephants followers. Irememberrowsofdoolyspassingbyto gtothatwhichonewca moving past in the duet. the rear, and occasional vollejs of musketry, and the volume, is a work for which there hi no. aubtfdtute in gentleman who will pursue the eatne line of public**• The trees were scanty by the roadside. There was fixirg of field guns close at hand. It appears that I English. A certain hardnefcM and dryness oL treat-nent tion and pay eapecial attention to snbjoota conneefcedt ' Parilament, for insfance, wno friendly shade to. afford the smallest shelter from frll from my horse close to the spot where Tombs's may be perceptible when compared with the glowing with "Progress" in Politica, PbiloHopay, aadSjieuce, to cur Houses of Con,<r<the blazing Bun. I bad all the sensations of a man who puts were unlhnbering, and that a soldier who be- enthusiasm of K. O. Muller, and the enlarged, states- ss well aa in Religious Hietory and Doctrine. One «f jWtign Embawadcr, who waiis p.mptberii;g in a-rond-batb. longed to the ammunition guard, and who waa running lit Capitol, and felt called upc Teeconstanthaltso;thecolumnworemostirntatiog fromthesowars,seeingabodylyinginthesunall manlikeviewsofMr.Gro!»;butthescaleofhiswork Mr. Chapman's latsetcontribationa toTheWeot*and annoying; but in the midst of one of them I heard naked, except a bloody shirt, sent out a dooiy when allowed ot more ample detail and diecuo-ri >n than eitoer minster Review, " Christian^Revivals, their History i i monument of tbe muaic some shots fired in front, about noon. Toe men moved he got to the road for " a dead officer who had been of theire, and Homer and Herodotue bave never been and Katural History," has been reprinted ba a sep« 'people." "Butuit," raidforwardatonce,and,makingmydooly-bearersavail stripped,"andIwastakenupandcarriedofftothethemselves of an opening.betw<-en two battalions^ I cover of some trees. Alison and Baird saved them- so thoroughly inveetiga cd oefore iu our language. Tnowas carried over to the left Bide of the road, which aelves alf.o, but they got well awav before I could volume on Herodotus may be studied wiih advantagearalefo<ro,owingtothegreatdemand. <t«m«ntoftheirgoodtaste?' jjftat.—Specimens of "The Eden Papers" are finding theirwas bicicked up w i h ami's of men at*d baggage, of mount. Baird'8 servant poured some brandy down my in, connection with Kawlhison's annotated edition of way into print. Two interesting letters from'Edmuod r^ut let us, for the sake of'wbicb language can give no description. • By this throat. After a long interval of pain and half con- that author. Burke to Mr. Eden, then Uhder-S&cretary of rjtate, #B*bn>gton, enter a little mor movement l.was enabjed-to see a little of what was sciousness of life, Simon came to me, chafed my legsgoing en. and arms, and rubbed my chest. My thirst was insa- —Any new glimpse of CbarleB Lamb is always ore given in The Athenaeum, containing aaapj>H»* ^inrtre of the Capitol are, It appears that we bad just come upon a.picket or tiable, Tbe heat from*12 o'clock to eunset was tre- pleasant. A true-hearted admirer of his, Dr. J. W . tion for the respite of acriminBi condemned tbroogh tbe Qtfunbers of the Senate end tlalL Itwasimposnihletosarveywithoutemotion positionbehindit,andthered-coatsfiriogthroughthe patroloftheeDemy;,whohad„a.bandonedagaaiaa mendous,andthisdajailoverIndiawelostliterally undueseverityoJtheJurytobehungforrobbery,aud giea Thereinmuchinboththespotofgroundwhere,ac-:.mryandahuliuyo,a loophoolee. Aboutonehundredyarcsbehindmewas j-maHwcrk,-whichOaghvWhavWBwepttheroad.The -hundredsofmenby8un-stroke. Forhourswfcwere Alexander,thusdescribesapilgrimagetotheIadiadoubtful Utile colony took po&escaion o: the pied-a a small tree, under which seme-officers were sitting tiring ceaBed, and the troops et'll continued to advance. hslted cloie behind tbe 79ih and 42tL At one'time I House in August, 1851, in his " Forty Years' Cor- alto a letter from Gen. Washington d*ted at " Valley ierrepresentedtoihestbyteepetaonofthegreat andstanding.Astout,round,littlegentleman,en Afteratime1observedasquadronortwooftheCara- haveadreanysortofnotionthatIsawabodyofmen respondence,"justpublichiogbyC.Scribnar:"1in- Forge,June15,1778,"Mr.Edenfillingthoappoint- MK>of>hlsroomi<sagreeab Amungzebe,andinTe»randtremblingattheboldaees lovrgeoiS)whomIhaveremarkedlatelyaboutHead-enemy were still in the city. They had fallen back, icoths." to be remember«-c as a semi-clvidzed peop'e of an eajlf ap and ornamental workThe delay, or rather the halt of tbe column where Iwas, lasted some time after this. Every moment tho attempt to enter the place. Tbe -men were quite ex- —M;ss Catherine Sinclair ie oneof the writers whose period, we aboulfi feed it fat with tbe hope tbatsom Ifccid. to overloaded with beat became more fearful.. More than, one European hausted. They had suffered fearfully from sunstroke. works may be called " a lihrary in themselves, "at care/ul excavation would reveal to aim, in toicrabls it light ia lost, and the r.p<and it was too late to pursue them or to make aalies in front of Chowrin^bee, aud it is therefore bf preparing to go one, another ro&hed through the craeh- poor fellswa who was laid down by my dooly, getting cape from the Gazees, and was nearly "cut to-piecoa " Tbe Cheap Library" (with reference, nodoHbt, to tbe zie?, the macnotsof a bothered savant, whose knowl- •signer would not have erre frontoftheCltb. Inibeaniest,ontberijhtofQM,is ingbrar.chfcsclose-tome,aidIthoughtsomeofua itintohiamouthwithdifficulty,forhiateethwerepar- underSirCoin'seyes. TheGeneralsattalkingwith priceonly),toappearonceamonthforawholeyear. edge,whosetoil,whosejudgment,whosecommon- >iityanduseonlyintheskyliand had bioken his pipe; but had done no other dam- fell down dead. ^ The crush on.the road had bacome bis horse, his revolver was in the holster, bis sword but in the multitude of books, American readers have a pursuit wiiich so bailie i ali cUacutcaess and loam- sshas painted cither 'thcarage. Ncthiog makes feople s- acea?y as be"'ng shelled taemendoo?. The gucs were beginning to move. feL outof thetcabhard ashe was pulled tothe ground, ing. U the pure Greek of the architectaral..r<4M iicaatio device. What he ID.Is this a limbo in which all races, black and white, or under fire in their camp. The oldest so diers cau'l Every moment a rude shock was given to the dooly and but for the coolness and courage of two or three not kept up' with her later writings.%ars dcinfj penance on the outaide ofstrange ouadra- stand it. No one knows when or where a shot may which threatened to burl it down the bank; BO I told of hia own men he would have been hacked to pieces —Mr. John Foretei- ia continuing hia series of mono- which he found ecatteied about on Ipie of them by good Roma;- peds, and in the interior of impossible vehicles/ The come. S'r Colm had, in fact, put us too near, as w e the bearers to lilt me and carry me oil' to a small typo thooo varioai Inmeaning, or did not kiow rideinRcttenRow,theor*arypromenadebythe"wereonlyacoupleofhundredyardsfromtheDil- inthefieldtomyleft,whichseemedtobaaquarterof inamoment-.OftheGazees.butoneortwoescaped. graphsontheHutoiyoftheCommonwealthTimes, eminencesconvincedhimthatthepeopiaoftto fan.PVrinstance,tnon^banks of tbe unsavory Serpticaino, the weary gidaty of kcosha. There were soma casualties from the fire in amile away, andto bo csrtain to give U3 sh^dc. The Languidly and drowsily I listened to all this; ail by bii " Arreet of the Five Members by Charles I." Republic weie probab'y a Colony from Athens, aud nottheChampsEiy^s, theBoisdeBoulosflaa,andthe v«crldly affairs for tho time seemed of little conse- the B-Khlanders'.camp. The Sepoys give their guns a field Wi»B "covered with camp followers, who weie quence to me. I was thinking of home.k as it ia without derignstio, He draws liberally for authority on Sir Sjmonds from England, a thousand eviceucca in the excavatei la apropos of norbivg. JnAvenue de Sc "Cloud, the prufouad auaterity of the £?eat elevation, don't miDd the strain on carriages", and plucking the grain and sal^da with vrhich the countryD'Ewea's MS. Parliamentary Journal, to which his chan»bers would bewildtr himwiti'tte equal proba-Th'jre was a kind of cliib-mpatinp on the top of the the tope, which after ail was a very small cluaier of They taw me—withdrew,- consulted in whispers. I '• Essay on tbe Grand Remonstrance" was so much bihty that they came from Pompeii or from Rome, M this be deeignatea asDukcosba all day. I met Colonel Evelegh, ofihe 20;h bamboos and other treeo, was much farther thaa I can remember so well their figures as they atood at the indebted; a new separate edition of the latter work, would torment him with a suggestion of Ecypt, would s»e other agricultural imp'e promznade achevoletapied,v.ht?ieyouexpectevory —anoldneighborinthecampsearCatncart'sHill—a thought,andwaabyDOmeansveryumbrageous.Hera dooroftbepall,thrownintodorkshadebytheblazing andaleooneofthe"BiographicalEssaysonDefoe, plaguebimwithreminiscencsaoftbeartofChioami u*gricultuie;"atelescontPrater, are haunte of fr'tootou-*, reckJts-*, m-iecorous, loud-laoghJbgiiomu8aLo all h;anymphe—Euphrosy ce, and Fhjrne, and orbere—compartd wiih Ida deadlyfire away. appeared toabound allover. But it turned but that The doctors came in at last, Tice and Mackinnon.tdal machme of the same*JmoxDet>ttoheartheDea.u MarjhiuSaul,ortos^otue gallantandexcellentofficer. Belooksbrowned,halo, mydoolywasplicedcloseioBaird's;thebearerswent bivouac> fires! Notentswere pitched; thosoldiers Steele,"etc.,wiihwhichitwaaatfirstconjoined, willJjpan,at-dleavehimatlengthwihtheconclusion,ifho Han8ncientbattermg-rAta,wavingbl«ckoetnchplaoessproutoatofacnrriage- andhearty. MacdonnollandHorbrd,oftheKills iisideamoi'gthebamboos,andsquatteddowntosmoke laydownintheirblankets,orwithoutthemouthetop; not that there is not frivolity, rec-tlesacess, ime- Brigade, wero aleo there. The latter engaged it, a or sleep. Have we not aU, in our small experience, sandy plain. Tbe cavalry stretched themselves by be published by Mr. Murray.corum, and laughter here, to>; bnr. Mocutd wears a , , th6ir horses, and the artillery lay among their guns. duelwitharascalintheMartiniere,whowasdreaaed seenanarmy8wa^o»edupbyskillfulleadership?Per-white hat and has lnnobed at the club; Eaphrosyna's very conspicuously in rich yellow robea. He sat in a haps not o'ten at Chobham or Alderahott but a^i'l often Strong pickefB and patrols were posted all round thehusband is weajy, and the is obliged to be qu^et, as the winriow, ana now and then took a r-ilefrom hie ser- enough at accidental rerie-ws. Around us just now camp. Ere I went to sleep for the iitghl I was anciut- HanDah Moore, to Zacbary Macaulay, eaq., contain-Helpoooenes are in town; and ifixyne is going to be vants f.nd fired; it at hs. From the blacknets of his tberewas no 85{.>n of the British troops in front". They ed all over tho back and chest with strong tincture of ing NoticeB of Lord Macaulay's Youth." Row first married to old JKhadamanthcstext week, after the face,andthsrfcbneea of-hisdrean,itwas imaginedhe haddippeddownintoravines,orwereattheotherside iocine Inever knowtill long afterward thatupto published. Edited andarranged by Arthur Roberts, heavy case is disponed of. These are, indeed, solemn was ore cf the African eunuchB of the pa'aco, whoae of the high read. Here and there were clouds of dust, this moment, one lung had ceased to act at all, and that M.. A., 1 vol. cro wn 8vo. Some specimens of this cor-processions, which not even jouth and beauty, or their feki 1, as marksmen, had cruised UBgreat loss during the simulant*, c*n moke g*y. The ground is well watered siege of the Residency, and to one of whom Neill'sthat »nn has vanished iuto darkn&ss. PhcebuB aiid dence snd demandsre^prct. •'[. my sbirt, and lay panting in the dooly. Htlf an hoar!Nox have here a sterile union; and the sturdy, loog- I could not hat be struck with the admirable person* or so had passed away in a sort of dreamy, psa-iioapy while to make acquaintance with his diary, frooi—no duct rhee beneath the tramp oi the m*ny horses. death ia atciibuted. Aner the second or third *hot.,But dajk&e*s has set in ou th« laceb of the multitade. Horsfcrd's rival dieappeared. Napier, of the *Engi- ThemomentthesanTXXKCLVadeciiedbowtothehori-reers,aleocameupandEcrveyedthepiaco. Hisman-zon, out came carriage?, poaetons, and horses; bat ner is ciarming, kindly, qniet, and free, and his eves KenL In great pain from angry leech-bites asd blis •which milked the course of cavalry. Behind ua were a portion of tbe-other wae gorged from pulmonarythe columns of tho rear-^uurd and of the baggago. But apopleary, brought on by the tiiuatroJie or beat; aud respondence were recently publidUed ia Macmiilaa'atbe camp-foilcwers were scattered all over ui? plains, •that in fact my two friends' had no expectation of my Magazine, and make it certain that tho work will be acter have bao any special purpose in this world.^'U. S. Mail." There•b sort of deeigns, ofwbjand the sceie looked pehceful &z a hop-gdtheiing. being alive next morning;. Such ia my recollection one of tho highest interest.But we takecomiortintbe thought,aswesaid-be-fore,thatallthiscannot be. Wuatovor trickoarimsgioations may play UBno w, thanks to that allegori-cal personage wi<h a scythe in one hand aad an hoar-gaea in the other, there will be nothing letftjat^rf *tild have been easy trrHere wo take leave of the graphic narrator, assuring cur readers that it will be well worth their—Tbe publication of the volume entitled " Eacays and Bcviewe," by Mr. J . W . Parker, ia a remarkable incident for the bistoiian of opinion. Thoagh put f jr- wa-d as a continuation of, or rather subetuute for, thettn at random, hu\ all c!«- Nthat would be discred^talIJ. Tbe Sketch-Book. 1?IBO , pp. W5. G. l». i'utuwn. TjlneyHoll. ByThomoHHood. 12mo.,pp.-i'l'J.J.E.Tlltonmetryandpurposetoitsseparatepans—hitoproclaimrunning with strewn and ebb tide fatt towards Cal- speaks; the jaw,'smooth and broad, is full of decision; or other. How dcuosd hot it is! I am going to die." BopuJar Astronomy. By O. M. Mitohel,LL.D. 12mo., pp. 37(5 the inconsistency of the old doctrinal standards of or- iug, will rapidly cruuiblo away under Time'a 'Wiefaouig Htol can even thas muchcutta, w e haUed boat after boat of the many which A long pause toe,k place. I looked once or twice to- wereg.idUsgdownnois«ia«slyinthe moonlight; txeeyeol'tbe.moitp;er;ingint*hige?ico,fulloflight wardtheroad,toseeiftherewereavysymptomsof but as eoou as the boatman heard what we wnuted, ard sh'ewd^ets. Ceneial Mansfield,' taller than his onr advance, Then I sank to sleep. I kho w not whatI'Miiney, ^hikoman, & Mason. thooox Christianity with the progress of tcience, aud FreShHeartathatFulledThreeTboimndYearnAiro;Withtho fresco painting is. in cenain rooms, already cntok- *S-n to be fan'ty. Of oul| liigcra",evenififehaKbeheldsabredfromtheblack ItsfromtheSena'**totb<-M\chief, wfcll'inade and broad-cb6eted, gives soma my dreams were, but well I rememberthe waking. indiaationsofhiseitraordioarya'tentiouto >;•• •» •» *e •:>• nCt'Pticn JUij." Vlma , pp. 120. Tiwt»or & PJHda. pretentions'of revolationp, instead otthe contrary view. Eicmento o,. Chemical I'ttyoio*. ay Joslah J?. Cooko ir. 8vobeing boond most' probably for some intermediateg^iaut, tfcey shot out from toe b*uk and left us lament- the Jabois -of the dttk and study in aing. Atlaetcra't prevailed. A boat ran in, in reply lltcholMJaj Hlvpt' in hia shoulder«». Hia face is There was a confused clamor of slirieka and ehouting toanulchail,anatbemomentherbowcametotherandiome-A-afineovalwitaavigorousj-.w;com-inmyear.My,doolywasraitedircmthegrouad,andbank, tlklhcg and fch'pp-.i.g through the mud, wo preseed, arched.lips, lullcf power; a well-f.>rmod ih«n let,fall••violently. I "heard my bcawrs shoutinjr Th» Life or Stephen A. »ongl»». By JamesW. Shoonun. 12mo.,boarded her. At the word* " to Calcutta," deli yered nose, and a brow Jad*n with thoaght; his sight iii not " Sowar!. sowar!" I saw them flying with terror in. pp S1H Hurcor «t Brothers.%ihe vernacular, a load wail was raised by the b.at gcoa, and ho is obliged f> wear ^lat-ses or spectacles, their laces'. Ail the camp-followers, hi wild confusion, Berthn f mcy, orL'JBmmrauoo. By ^faJ•garv.t Field. 12mo.,pp. Inspiration, Original Sin, Futnro Puuishmeat, taevinBlio^.ord.f>67 D. Appletou & Co. .Tho S^miBclDcVdHoPne. Edited by Lady Thoreia Lewis32mo..pp.811. TiciknoriiFiel.il. ' TheOaklandHtoiiea. CouklnGray. ByGeJ.3.TovlcrofVlrKinia. 12ruo , pp. 173. 8helUon ii Co.Tb*) United HUtea fuaurtnew Almanac fi>r IQt.'O, Edited by O.K.Currle. tlvo , pp. 170. G. E. Currie.but to take to their oars and talk of " backabfeesa." b;m < n business. Horsford is tha bean id&av of an which converged and tossed in heaps of white as it American Hlntory. By Jacob Abbott. VoL I Aboriginal Amar-fcearcbes,&c.)everycit»uoguiuhingdoctrineofthe J*8. Here,whereBarks. who have had in charge the interior decoratioa oftbo *br« Kelit t#ara bw inamu»en, who declared they cmld not go; bat,we wer*nowttemasters,andevadinganattemptto,'eavem bcrfriendatthebanquetofNastdiehus,u omnia*•««- pecoofmenandanima3H. Elephantsweretrampetiug intheboatbypushingberoftfromthebankbefyrethe pend-u*wiito?'':Itisthip,probably, whichba$made •rhriljyastheythunderedovertbefields,camelsslung boatmen-could reach it, we pushed off into, the stream, rome poojde think the xeaeral ia aaoercilioaB; bat l a m alcDg at their xumest joggling stride, horse and tats, and there was nothing left for theKrumbliogHitive.* i-ar^lhd no one will find him to who h;^ to approach w<'men and children, wexe all pouring in a stream,«HL and home«pnn on«i good intention in doing their work in 30 shabby aud- •shdinbed Jind paraded toi{•erifbabieamaterial. Butastheyweretodowron& ktbehmdthesotW—a itispheasanttoeeethatitwassodonethattbew»rk Nto—bereUeincougru>alcoula not last Jong, Beprehemitble as they may be tttLeotujca" has leu to the recite by Messrs. .Buck. ninkbg tho Capitol a labyrinth of parted p^aete^aai Mop the s*e*cably ite*'-.!'.,—Messrs.Ni6betwillepeedilyissue "Letters ofhwaa taue enough to conclude upon anything, that his- torybadmadesomogravemistakeiuregardto*b%8« plimof<:Commerce;"tw>Othiir-iLiogM. By the author of''Tbo Now Pri nit ia Con- to autert tho supremacy of reason as tno judge of toe fingers of tbe whive-waeher. Stucco, like everyUiiag* delisted pavement, t'tw olse,iagocdiuiteplace;butneverbeforehadwea^reenrringplater,an5pp.739Little,Brovn,&Co. J 'Soununbuliam and 1-rnrDp, by Bnrnti Relchenbnoh. Tmucla^od In the varioua eeaaja (oh the Interrelation of Scrip- sense of how good a tbh?g it may be where it cni^la ^Wmoral than the matetUt- from the German by Jonn a. Hittell. Wmo., pp. 2M. Cal- ture, the Mosaic Cosmogony, Bunscn's Biblical Re- not to be at all. No thanks are due to those pewoasCnriy. IZmo., pp. 81)4. John E. I'ottor. y\V. W . iMt* By. pp. 772. 0 . P. & It. H. twil. Jmwgue,inFrance,TVithgreatSUCCOSB.All perrons—al>, at l«a*t, of any ta*to aud di*orlmi- p l >*s in tbe Senate, a»o tl nation,andknowiwdgoofart—whohaveov^r\\*'\l«l ^e.isevenlarmore«v.Untitled Document•"?':.7,v* .'^*Mf«£|M'M>fet4'W$form,intwelvevolumes,anoutlineofeventsonthiscdnrinsht ffom aboriginal timesto the adoption of thsFederalConstitution;alsoiwprintsofCariyle's"Life "Lf.tteisfromtbeEast"cannotbetbegenuine«w*ubrother, Sir Robert Eden, was the iaet Colonial Gov- but I nevtr heard of any Mr. Lamb.' Tne dourkeeper ernor of Maryland, and WaohiDgioa alludes veryof the Muaeum remembered him well. ' Oa; yes, gracefully to their fvrmt-r intioiaoy.said, ' I have been here since 1 was sixteen years old,The Carabineers trotied slowly out of the line of it bore marks of a prob'ng of no friendly character VV. showed me his window aud where hts desk wa«*. toiian ahall explore among the ruins of a mighty city OSfire; and just at that momentT saw SirC/hn a-jd a by lance and sword. Tod Brown afterward told me I looked out at tbe high biank w«)l, no; five fee; be- tho bank sof the Thames for tbe evidences of the civiliz*- ly elegance of form, and parti' smallstaft'canteringovertheground,andtbeo.atroop, thatsomeoftbesowarscameupwithinafewyards &gupontheairiea,iusomegr. or part of a troop, of horse artillery, on both of which of bis guns, and that one fellow was shot when within yond,, and understood Lamb's 'India House.' Mr. tion of an extinct people, it is to be hoped tha« he friR ssteai of the eert of iron at*tbe etemv seemed to recommence their pract'ee. Sad- ten feet of a heavy piece of siege ordnance, which he \V. showed me a quarto volume of'Interest Tables,' not have an idle day upon his bands wherein to prose- Mr place. Thia, however, iaoor'y their fire ceaeed, and, loosing as fat forward as seemed determined to spike. The Mooltanee horse with remarka like the;o, in Limb's fine round baud on I could in advance, I saw the infentry deploying on were wheeled round, and sent OUJ to meet toe sowars the fly-leaf: ' A book of much interest.—Ed. Bo-cute hi3 researches on the other side of the Adaatft,thfr ground in front of the roiaxl, and extending them- tue moment they were Been to be down ou us; butselves toward tbe leit. There were! some white some of them turned, and Tomb?, who had come up at view.' ' A work in which the interest nwver flagu.upon tbo banks of the Potomac, in a study of the re- |lod thing than the presence of 4* doorways and the panelimains of art left by the people who bunt there the Norwaye, are made of oirde-ej Capital of a great Republic. If, however, the tjurstthat the interest increases from beginning to end —for knowledge in that learned antiquary suould progreat beauty. Theee harm of the chamber, a&d hadChurch to which tbeto gentlemen belong, as Biblical Capitol, for they doubilesa are quite innocent of anyother correspondence attributed to her, and aoce»te&snajc, would poshes htm, and be woufd rave and gibe at{Use. But this could not saAmericans, who could not have been n race of par*Oeacent, refined mannots, and cultivuiod taste, biuaa bt of blue ribbon, are " Ki utterly barbaric and iguorant and probably hnstard da©, whh posia and win;* people who came from nowhere in particular, and '"elegraph;" » fire-entire cou'd hardly, judging fromthet?e evidexneaof their char- t leamboat carries upon x—The great euccesB cf Mr. Mansell'a "Bamptonoithatgentleman'sarticleonMetapbyaiceindieF.»- stuccoOxnawent,itmaybeurged00tht-irbehalf%li*t H^dwi'.htbecontrast<^!b^*b* ^b*st chanter,h» box«a and a c%ek»u•Were aud fruit, and ti-d t^tiking keeping wi<h tiie u| -- - . .- . . . - . ••-. . . - . . „Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069asffiEispantmm mWI'WiUBKwww.fultonhistory.com 