 ; " ;?Ithe most civilized people canrjDt resist. Assuredly, ironed, and asked if he wanted anything. He only coast when she sighted the Erie. Lieut. Garland and they would be more to be pitied than blamed, if for the. aeked for water. He then sent for the Chaplain of this Passed Midshipman Blake have been invalided fromi...ii" • nniimi.&'i \ fSf?v • j/J1I. MNapleswasofafabulouskindatthearrival,firsttalk.toyonofannexati.o_n!-t_o-.d,ay,,peopleofBloily,arethesatne couldonlyincludeaportionofItaly*Ithasleft11HALIFAXj"Wednesday, Oct. 3,1860.even allowed to communicate with bim Rafter his cap-ture. An American,'however, who was at the time in then the American ensign was hoisted from the jieak -$1111 tii.i!"111m*de prisoners, shall be immediately returned to theirftunjliee. upon Perugia, and, after a short conflict, occupiedP ARIS, Sept. 22—3:45 p. m. | the town. The garrison, 1,600 Swiss, retreatedthe less favorable to the true interests of order, and to the consolidation of the balance of power in Europe.E'even of them, however, were sent home by way of Havana.Of Walker's capture, on the Rio Negro, we have the following additional from an authoritative source. The party sent up the river was under the immediateman-of-w^ar's men found vent in several loud, huzzahswhich had no sooner been heard than all the hatchesof the Erie flew open, as if by magic, and her crewwho had been keeping the darkies quiet below, rushedon deck, and exclaimed in a regular chorus: " It's allup with us, boys." Mr. Duuniogton peeped into thef -.%:PARTICULARS OF HIS SURRENDER. Translated from the Diario le la Marina, Sept. 26.cheers for the prize. After a ron of 14 days, the slaver,:anchored at her destination. Twenty-nine of the poor slaves died, principally of fever arid dysentery, caused, it is supposed, by Congo-water, on the passage, and one fell overboard. The Rev. John Lsys received the ne-' groes on the £3d of August, and distributed themamong. the inhabitants of Monrovia, who promised to treat•AjmrV^I* OF THE OOiWATJi&HT.Tkfor Emanuel Going to Naples*BOMBAoLBMENT OF ANCONA. ADDITIONALBY THB CA3TADA AT HALIFAX.''•"•• •i lie w„.tber rwre is favorable for the crops, hut la other sec- FHOVIHIOJJS quiet, but jteady. . ,Kingdom has been conquered, without bloodshed, ST. JOHN'S, N. P ., Wednesday, Oct. 3,18§0. within three weeks. The only danger is now thatstill remains with most of thV party she brought on beard. They nirmher fifty-seven in all,'and are in.ex- cell'ent health. Two of them, Major Dolan and Capt. West, csme up on the. Charles* Morgan this morning. Tr. e GWiator will be up with the rest in the course oftwo or three days. TheoeiaileareportofthepsrtyonboardtheGladia-The steamship Connanght, from Galway on Taesday, the 15>h aft., arrived at 'thie'port. at 3 o'clock ma's jaon ing, en route for Boston.The steamship Palestine, from Quibee, a-rived av Keodendenyonthe24th.Victor Emanuel had determined to go to Naples. 8fri«KiAm shipa had bomharded} Aneona fox* niieGaribaldi, carried away by his complete success, may march upon Rome, and attack the French. We.have long known his plan to proclaim Victor EmanuelKingofItalyonthe Gapitol;and.to re- sign to him Ms sword and the crown of Southern Italy; but if he indulges in such dreams, he is'cer-tain to destroy the unity of the Kingdom. Count Cavour is aware of these dangers, and is doing his beat to prevent them. .say that an effort was made to dissuade Garibaldi from -Whatever may be the sympathy which the daily^in- oreasing unhappy fate of the Venetians justly inspires, Europe is so anxiously 6<5Cupied with the. incalculable consequences ofa war, she has so lively a desire, so ir- resistible a need of peace, that it would be unwise' not to respect her "frill.Butthisionotapplicabletothequestionsrelatingto Central and Southern Italy.Attached to a traditional system of p>ltcy wMch hasnot been less fatal to his family than to his people, theyoung-King of Naples, from his accession to the throne,placed himself in flacirant opposition to the nationalsentiments of the Italians, as well as to the principleswhich govern civilized countries. .Deaf to the coun-sels of France and of England, refusing even to follow,the advice of a Government whose constant and sin- the town of Truxiilo, witnessed the execution and af- nington went on board. On getting inside the gang*horns.jThe R. H . steamship Canada, from Liverpool on-the22d of Sept. via Qneenstown on the 2 Id, arrived here at 6J o'clock this evening. She reports passing on the 22d American ship Rockingham, bound in.The principal features, of the Canada's news have already been telegraphed via Cape Race.The following is the latest intelligence she bringa via Qoeenstown:P ARIS, Sept. 22,1860. A*report was current to day on the Bourse that the Austrian8had crossed theMincio, but the Commis- sioner of Police of the* Bourse gave an official denial tothisreport.and confiscation of property. On the same day theCount of Minerva arrived at Rome with the King'sThe joy of these good Neapolitans at their cheaply- riages was in waiting at 10 o'clock, and we obtained a By the cries of the insurgents of the Marches and of The next day, at 4 o'clock in the afternoon, three Campeachy. False papers were procured at that place,>•: None of his friends were present at the execution or, "Yreieh soldiers of the Papal army .who have been has reached Sinigaglia and taken about 200 pris-tory can relate. \. Col. Rudler, Walker's second in command, has been kingdom of Naples, though it has been effected by atComayagua. •'*. . . •cried Lieut. Dunnington, leaning over the ship's side, and addressing bis boat's crew; " for we have a gen-• fOctober.ROME, Sept. 18—p. m. The Sardinian troops have advanced as far as Mardi. On Monday next, the Consistory of the Cardinalsto-the mainland, the old officials have been all con- firmed in their functions.Btriking. :" The National Guard of Salerno lined the avenues—priests of every denomination crowded to touch the' hem of his garment.' Officers of State of t^e Kingwere in earnest conversation with him, urging hiscoming without delay into Naples. Observing me en-ter, he. came up to me and said—f Mr. Edwin James, ernment reduced to maintain its authority over its sub- an eloquent demonstration of the noble spirit which Post, of New-York. She is a regular " cotton ship "let us speak together,'and we retired into a private jects by the means of foreign mercenaries blinded by prevailed there, as is also the humane and generous in appearance;. Her fitting up was mo3t artistic: she part of the saloon. I divulge no confidence when I fanaticism or enticed by the bait-'of promises-which treatment shown to the officers and soldiers of the ex- had slave coflers, a sufficient quantity of water, vine-' <The Sardinian Government has decided that the the Marches we learn by telegraph that CialdiniOn the Bourse to-day the Rentes opened at 6&i. 65c, and in the afternoon rose to 68f. 703., hut finally closed M 68f. 30c, being four per cent lower than yesterday.All the railway shares are dulL 'The'Pair/« says:into the citadel under the command of the notori- ous Gen. Schmidt, who last year had the town sacked, and, after a few shots, surrendered at dis- cretion. Thus the army of the Pope is- meltingAs soon as Sicily and Naples shall form an integralpart of the great Italian family, the enemies of throneswill no longer have any powerful argument to bringforward against, monarchical principles. Revolu- command of Capt. Salmon of the Icarus. On makingTURIN, Sspt 22,1860means less pacific and regular than that of Central Tbe rest of the party, ab^ut. seventy in number,Italy, is not less legitimate; its consequences are not W*re all permitted .to return to the United States. uine prize and no mistake." The enthusiasm of the" W e can affirm the complete falsity of the report away. Five days' march has brought the Sardin-men. » " render to me immediately." Gen. Walker replied:j One might, then, be authorized to suppose that Italy " To whom do I surrender ? " Capt. Salmon said: " T o tra, men from the Mohican were taen sent may at last enter a pacific phase of nature to dispel an officer of her Majesty's Government." Walker for and put on board, and the returning boatethat the Emperor has expressed a wish to be invited to Warsaw."The same journal adds that Garibaldi in his letter toSgnor Abkco, published in the official journal of Naples, says:" Although I am quite disposed to sacrifice all per- sonal feeling on the altar of freedom, I can never be •eeonciled with men who have sold an Italian pro- -viBee."ians before the gates of. Aneona; Lamoriciore's retreat to the provinces occupied by the French is threatened by Fanti; he must take Aneona for the basis of his operations, and will soon be surrounded there by a n army of 45,000 men. 'Sicily is still turbulent, and insists upon the im-mediate annexation to King Victor Emanuel'swin James to a friend:-" NAPT.ES, Saturday, Sept. 8North and South of the Peninsula were not separated by provinces which are in a deplorable state.The Roman Government having declined to take any part whatsoever in the great national movement— haying, on the contrary, continued to oppose it with the most lamentable obstinacy, has for a long time placed itself in open hostility. with the populations which have not succeeded in throwing off its yoke. To keep them down, to prevent them from manifesting the national sentiments which animate them, he hasmade use of the spiritual power which Providence has intrusted to him for an object, far otherwise great than that assigned to.the political government.By presenting to the Catholic populations the con- dition of Italy under false and somber colors, by mak- irigTL paseiohate appeal to. feeliog, or rather to fanati- cism!, which still holds so much sway in certaia unen- lightened clashes of society, he has succeeded in gather- ing money and men from every corner of Europe, and in forming an army consisting almost" exclusively' of strangers, not only to the Roman States, but to the wbole,of Italy.am to surrender to a repres mtative of her Britannic. Those among, them who were foreigners were al- Majesty's Government?" Capt. Salmon replied. lowed to take French leave on the coast, and three Yes." Gen. Walker thei drew his sword and ; important-looking persons, supposed to be the captain and two mates, were brought home in the slaver, and will be turned over this morniog to the United States Marshal. The Mohican proceeded to Loanda, and the Erie to Monrovia—the ship's companies giving', threeNevertheless, a decree of the Dictator promulgates realm. Crispi, Garibaldi's energetic revolution-By the steamer Osceola, wlich arrived yesterday atBatabano from TruxiJlo, we 1ave received letters thatgive us an account of the tragical end of the greatfillibueter.. We insert them below; and it is highly them kindb / They were perfectly naked when taken, satisfactory to note the Christian death of the cele-Jfco Sardiniaa Constitution for Naples and Sicily, but without fixing th» day for i;s going into execution.• Baron Brenwr is to leave Naples on Tnuxsday next. Mr. EDiott w£l remain in that ci^.The French Mvn.ite.ur de UArmic says that there is nothing in the state of European politics to prevent the usual six months* furlough being given on the 1stary 'Minister has become so unpopular as to beobliged to. resign, and to, depart for-Naples. A tNaples, Garibaldi's Cabinet is just the reverse 4fhis Palennitan Ministers; it is evident that the Dic-tator is a hero, but no statesman. I t is high timeto introduce a regular administration in Sicily; as jle and their! agitation and excitement were mostand were delighted with the disposition made of them,' They clapped tbeir hands, sang, shouted, and raised awill be assembled.The last works of Reneiu, Runachon and Darynhave been placed on the indsx of books condemned by the Papal Government: • .Correspondence of The London Time*. /NAPEES, Sept. 11.\ The four battalions of Chasseurs whom the King has left behind in his flight, quartered here and there abouttown, have gone asunder. Many^of the soldiers go home; thoee who wish to remain "at Naples, secure from harm, do obeisance to the new powers that.be bywrite to you that I had' been' requested by some per- Could not be fulfilled, except by. throwing wholepedition. The writers who daily insult these coun-gar in casks, placed fore and aft, to last 900 people for sixty days, and an exceedingly Iarg6 quanticy of rice., pork, beef, farina, bread, and peanuts, of which a g>oaultimatum, insisting upon the disbanding of theforeign hirelings within twenty-four hours. On people, all poking their forefingers in each, other'swe heard ^from Paris that King Francis II. had steps wind down six floors, and at every floor room embarked for Spain, but the Nard^ a Russian paper was made for about half a score of victims. Some ofappearing at Brussels, most positively averted that the miserable cells had windows; but, as the view from the bill over the loveliest panorama of land and saaEngland, Prussia, and Austria had come to an un- would have been too great, a solace to the lonely cap-tive, the window was latticed over by thick woodeninterest of Garibaldi have for -weeks been pro- into anarchy and disorder. piously to the psalms which the priest recited in his idence that they had helped to take the negroes foundderstanding not to allow any further French inter-dayrtwasadayofhopes-andapprehensions.forthecommoncause,andIleftyouanotherself-—Depretis! Drpretis is confided by me to the good people of the capital of The Maxo^xeM Treccbi arrived likewise from Na- Sicily: and. more than my representative, be is the representa-Ifthistransformationcouldhavebeenextendedto ward,andpricesarel/®2/higherontheweek.SuaAHquiet COWKB quiet. TKA—Buyers offering freely, bat not pressingAid-de-Camp,B e » y » that the enthusiaun ofcause of apprehension and danger to Europe, j appear in Vanity Fair within a short time. The poemWesawthemontheirgroundsafewdayssince,and] Itheymadeagloriousappearance.gotten, emancipation becoxtes daily more noisy and frantic. Every evening the Toledo is all alive with banners and torches, wich thronged masses of possessddseat in <he carriage next to that in which Garibaldi Umbria the whole of Italy was moved. No power great launches (the very ones used by the invaders), it was charged, and the Hooper came to Ncv-York. was. Throughout the journey to Naples, in every vil- can prevent thousands of Italians fram rushing from were brought alongside the steamer to reoeive the She was here libeled, but Wb8 discharged for want oflage, at every station, the joy and enthusiasm of the the cente.r and from the nor;h of the Peninsula to the prisoners, who came ashore under guard of the marines proof. The original papers now turn up on board the people exceeded the powers of description. Women aid of their brothers threatened with disasters similar of the Icarus. - . Erie. Proceedings are now being instituted to libellaces., and snouting out with all the might of theirMonday, the town of Fossombrone was racked by Southern throats that favorite cry, "Una! Una! risges, 'struggled to kiss the hand of the General.the Pontificals, who committed various outrages against the inhabitants; but at Turin appeared the Royal proclamation announcing that<Jenerals Cial-. * n i and Fanti were to cross the frontier in order to liberate the oppressed populations of Umbria and the Marches from the misdeeds of foreign mer- cenaries. On Tuesday Cialdini was already at Pesaro, and, after a slight resistance, took the town, the garrison of 1,200 Austrians surrendering, together with Archbishop Bella, the Pope's Le- gate. On the same day a body of iasnrgents dis-armed 400 Pontificals at Orvieto. Turin was in the highest glee, since the news from Naples was likewise favorable, the Ministry appointed by Garibaldi being most acceptable to Count Cavour and to the moderate party. • On Wednesday Cialdini was at Fano, wherehe also took three hundred of the mercena- ries, but we got no news from Naples—the telegraph being broken at Gaeta. On ThursdayUna /"T-conveying their desire that all Italy should be made one country. There was a grand gala night at San Carlo on Saturday last, when the proscenium, the pit, and the boxes became one vast stage. You could not tell the actors from the spectators; for the whole performance consisted of lo Pceaits to Garibaldi, who, calm and Berene in his homely garb, had a pleas- ant word for all the friends who surrounded him in his box, and was, in fact, lees insensible to that populardemonstration than he might Ijave wished to avow. One of our greatest objects of interest is now the easily-won Castle St. Elmo. The whole population of Naples, male and female, seem bent on performing a pilgrimage to that shrine of their patriot martyrs, and yesterday I went up myself with a party of friends. We first walked through- St. Martin's marble Church and Monastery, where our- Garibaldian red shirts, I dareeay,bodedlittlegoodtothewhite-cowledmonks, who gazed at us as we passed, tall, stately, and mo- tionless, so that we at first took them for statues; good Christian monks doing penance in a marble paradise, bound by vow to perpetual silence, and affecting an easy, unconcerned air, though in their heart of hearts probably trembling not a little for the visible and in- visible treasures of which their sanctuary has beentime out of mind the repository.From the marble cells of tie monks to the iron dun- geons of the victims of Castle St. Elmo the transition is but short, but the contrast is appalling. The stoneMayors and syndics ejaculated their gratulations; }>riests and monks stood, surrounded by their wretchedlocks, on the hill side, and shouted1 their.' V.ivaa,' and, holdirg the crucifix in one hand and the-sword in the other, waved them in the air, and bawled out their benedictions. As the train passed the King's Guard at Portici the soldiers threw tbeir caps into the air, andmight suddenly assume the character of violence and Walker, at tbe head of his people, marched to the tap '' We are in Naples No pen can describethe scene; passion. VBhatever power the idea of order may ex- of the drum, apd was the observed of all observers.Five hurj'ij forwarded eai Events, wi.ctl•..v ».ELEVEN .AM'*The Kiev** menced yestei etreet Baptist President, cai-offered^in «uc %V. S . H A L L , York, and CA Commit^ TheC«AiHof the Dictator, then of his army. The people .seemed frantic, and. the excitement seized even the garrison of the forts. They surrendered to Garibaldi in person, but they disbanded soon. Of the once so powerful Neapolitan army, one hun-dred thousand men strong, about one-half have leftthe ranks, and gone home.' The King retainedabout 10,000, the flower of the army, around himpeoples if I bad condescended to their Individal"llttlenestes, I could have continued to Tight for Itatilyv—J.'. could, have uent yon this/dlay my sa"lut•at•i'on of- l'ove fronmV the beautiful capi-tal-.ofnt-he Southern Italian continent. Wellll,. then to < cowa.rdsawho hid thermasellvoeBs when. you fought inthe barritoadie* of Palermo for the liberties of Italy, yocu will eay.- froaaVy.y<our Garib>alldi, thati the annexation and the kincgcdom of King "Victor Eimiiannel we will proclaim quickly: but there, on th© hishts of- the Quirinsi, when Italy shall count her sons in one .family, and receive all as free men In her illustrious bosom, and bless them.» G. GAIUBALDI."iYesterday-morning Garibaldi paid a visit to Admiralproduced no change in pehtrsl Itatyi nor in theProvinces remaining under the temporal domination ofT>fi Br'-drtntJ* market opens jkt full piices. Coio» Uads upward: mixed35/6. .-. -EIGHT HUNDRED AND NINETY-SEVENT: NEGROES ON BOARD.The slave-ship Erie, whose arrival at this port wa*r• announced in o a r afternoon Tedition yesterday, hauled mtotheateeamat the Navy Yard last evening. She brings heme Lieut. J . W . Dunnington, Passed Mid- shipman H. D. Todd, and a prize crew of ten men, belonging to the captor of the slaver, the U. S. steameroners, while Fanti, in Umbria, has marched straightTHE STATE OF EUROPE. wearing a email badge with the Savoy cross upon theirtries—for which they cannot find epithets sufficiently'. * Porom Ow Own CorreVpondent.Weasts. The fortress of St. Elmo followed the exam- ple of the fteet.' It fired a thundering s=ilvo in honor of Gar*ba!di, hoisted the Sardinian colors/ and admitted the National Guards within its walls. The other fortsren in Umbria and in the Marches, they manifest on all honorable in the sentiments of which the authorities'diplomatists doubt me. I shall"be loyal to Victor of Honduras have just given proof. Here are the let- cellent order. There was less filth fouud in the shipTURIN, Sept. 15, I860.Serious events mark the present week, and many are equally garrisoned hy this game burgher militia.Emanuel. I love him as my life.. ,1 have served him sides the desire of helping to put an end to a state of without an oath. I shall immediately do all in my things which is an outrage to the principles of justice ters:ir-'t'uan is ueual witn slavers, which was, perhaps, owing to the;fact that a large crew were exclusively employed in preserving the healthy condition of the vessel. Thean Italian patriot awaits anxiously the. develop- mentrof affairs. On Sunday all the frontier towns «f Umbria and the Marches rose with common* accord and proclaimed Victor Emanuel King ofItaly, sending! deputations to Florence and Turin,and seeking assistance against Lamoriciere, whoNaples, in short, is now wholly in the bauds of the patriots, and Garibaldi has already pushed forward one or two "brigades,which have gaiued'possession of the royal palace of Caeerta. The King shuts up the gatesof Capua. There and at Gaeta he will abide till his enemies come on. Meanwhile Garibaldi, master of the seas, sends his steamers to Paola, to Sapri, to all the email ports near which his overtasked legions lingered behind. Every morniDg we hear of a joyous landingmight be neutralized. 'Have no fear,' he said, 'of Umbria a«id of the Marches from the yoke which op- that; immediately, if the people will support me, I presses them. But it could not dissimulate that the in shall do all in my power to promote, the annexation to creasing irritation of the populations could no longer#5 Victor Emanuel.' I told him, as he knew, that En- conta'ned without having recourse to force and to vio-cumrtantially, the particulars of the entrance and exe-. the slave wharf when the Mohican seized her. No• :.GARIBALDI IN NAPLES.;pur century the stravge and sad spectacle o f a Gov- The gift of life conceded to the second in command is a slaver. She was built at Warren, R. I., in Sep'^em- ber, 1840, and was owned for a time by Mr. Ralph,i»g««f&%!«*'NEW,YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, OCTOBER 4, I860. {trt-est of Itary^i-the fortnnate' epoch The miserable being* who ^cprpcrvation. Drhaprjily the Peace of Villafrannaat Gaeta, but even these •• wore not.. expected to Mundy, and was received with the honors given to! The British steam sloop-of-war, Gladiator, Captain Mohican. The Erie's officers supposed the Mohican to•tioB*, pr***^ 'act in varioita•\Viniait-*, x€ M*•*Dr.-H.'C.'V<iw' B . 2*«>dl**o», is•On Apprndia Unlvewniy •• &<*• Jtous*. tf. X.i t Totan. of Jfaaa., On SiamtK S>W.8 BalLN.i Bey. X JL Pa* i On harm Hrr Jtfr. Vhrton, SfiiM H. Y. jRer^ C. A•OnEpittU.t,,J,; IUY. G«,T«V •ad Eli KelVy,« On the Qermai . JV*T. C. C. Andr*Boineman. fa.-,On SrripturtI*. Y.-, Isaac HE D: T. HaU, »t.<i 1 OnJ^deis-m—. ff v.; B*r. 8. < -dyke of Pbuad^l On&hituar -»Towri*nd. N. V X^Wifcy.Pa.On Gen*T'il P». Y.:Tbo«.Hepfm. T.Borr-rj' The Commi for the day. a ized. The at very full iio Psalm, and tfa prayer.In acooro ii domination?, Union were-eC«rre»ponc ••<_$ tar a, Ch*riet A. tSjnresb-r PWManagers.—0 George A. K m D. SOUmac. J. Jaxnea Vf.. i\ia meW, C. G. P Smith,fi.T. iiil Brewer, W.-JB. ] "Wi 8. Clapp. iaOfficer* Und .Thomas' Am '.ta,Viee-^rtnc.rnMadison MHV.KV.Idem.of B«U:MI;Pr^«lil«-i:t of Geih.; Dr. S.fc..SiJ.'M. Cramp. TD.laud, D. h„ P:«4kim, Marietta. CJ . (j. Onck»-!i. (Ell Keliey. eak.Darid Jaytw?, 2MlM. \*r :. m LmR*r. T . Strinuf* Prof.'}Via. C. D gland: R*Y.L ] $e%-Y ork;'C. erts, D. D., Li.; £lo., Eld. Jam. A-Wh«*lock;D F. Galdicott. D. Rev. Chute* H. Ber. J.O. Mai Isaac I)a\i.. Meoffer serious resistance. Thus the NeapolitanSneralofficers. TheSardinianAdmiralalonesaluted. r. Elliot paid a visit at the same time, and there was a strictly private conversation between the three in theAdmiral's cabin. Some think that an attempt was made to induce the Dictator to annex directly, so as not to leave this country without a Government; othersHmcWy, before reported a i l he Pass, arrived at the Quarantine Station yesterda/ afternoon, where shebe an English man-of-war, and hoped, by hoisting the; the-Amencanllag, to evade exammation. She made the passage from Monrovia to New-York- in thirty-fourWhenfourdays,out,aboutfiftymilesoffIKAW,««*i,-the theater, and of which the world never knew any- dies of the Court are suddenly taken ill, and cannvt fol- thing. The caitiffs who were but yesterday in the low the Queen to Gaeta! ;'•Decrees' are being pla- King's pay, are eager' to promulgate abroad the in- carded on the walls; every caf6 is thronged; the press, famy of his doings; and I have no doubt St. Elmo will now free, is pouring forth its new journals; the armsthe country is sincerely,attached.In acting thus it has the conviction of not hurting the feelings of enlightened Catholics who do not confound the temporal power with, which the Court of Rome has'.ony Impottasi •* I ou London,fc*.J prenduui: on N J ^ cvnt pi*"jiESC>PE ^r| the County, lied to pro3t3 tence, on W< room ivreviot ing, but left being called took but'a the *' honor found. It hj present CouNA V AL.-^iattacking Pome, as it is assumed his present object is,T ani more inclined to think that ulterior movementswerediscussed. Ofcourse,whattookplacewasper-fectly unofficial. Both in. landing and embarking theGeneral was received with the greatest; enthusiasm.Soon after Baron Brenier visited lie Admiral. Thereis an expectation that the Sardinian vessel will leavehere to-day, and that Victor Emanuel will visit Napl«8immediately.! The authority on which.I received thisreport is very high. There is a great desire on the partof the'public to destroy tha* great monument of domes-tor, adds but little io tbe information we already have. of the Congo River at 7 a, m., tie mg&SR&m Gen. Walker was shot at 8 o'< lock, on the morning of hican sighted a ship standing to the northw^gt: was,YA«&.1 --.••-/,"•»EJUS&&*»"W #';•;.<...":•••'-.W --'v-iXATKST--[#y Telegraph tdGalway,] LIVBKI'OOL,Sept25—Noon.-COTTON:Salesto-day|«s-who a month agco spoke to yon and stirred y.bu np; I a*k them. VeDetia under the domication: of Austria, and it has Mmated at 7,<><K> bucs; mark«t <joieu bnt steady.CAPTURE OF THE SLAVE SHIP• i-To-day we had, first, Austria's denial of any ar- tic tyranny, ;the Ca«rtle of St. Elmo, and yesterdaymorning several thousands went up to the fort, butrangement between Francis Joseph, the Prince Re-, were kept back by the National Guard, who said that' to the principle c-f authority, he rejected for a whole- ing to take part in them.Irather respectable appearance, who spoke Engush well; /The.officeraskediftheSpaniardwasc*ptain;j the latter said not, but sent the visitor aft iu quest of'' ;-'•gent,andtheCabinetofSt.Jamesix>opposethe eventual political actum or extension of France, and this the threatening ghost of the coalition disap- pears once more. On the other hand, we hear of a bloody affray between the Austrian and Prussian garrison at Frankfort, where, in honor of German nnity, about 25 toldiers were wounded without any other apparent reason than the deeply-rooted an- tipathy between Austrians and Prussians; fromthestoresmustfirstberemoved. Theythendispersad, taking with them the Koyal Standard, which was burnt in front of the Palace. .-The Official Journal also publishes a series of de- crees this morning, of which the following are the most important:public administration, and of the public offices, are to bear the arms, of the Royal House of Savoy, with the legend "Victor Emanuel, King of Italy." The pub- lic debt of the Neapolitan State 1Brecognized. The public banks are to continue their payments, as also the Discount Bank, according to existing laws and regula- tions. Passports for the United Italian States are abol-ished; those for foreign States and Italian States not, united are to be signed by the Director of Police.The following address to the army has been pub- lished: ;!}./.•yearalltheeffortsofthejK-ingofSardiniantolead him to a system of policy more conformable to the sen- timents which dominate the Italian people;What justice and reason could not obtain, a revolu-tion bas accomplished—a prodigious revolution whichThis American, who is on,bojard the Gladiator, bringsth«HolyS«e; (*#%#« *S ;/•> .• v*.:!t ••••.<• ,.«•;•.<.;,.r tion» it U unfavorable.We have no intention of discussing here the question of Venctia, It will suffice for us to call to mind tuat as long «B this question shall not be solved 'Europe cannot tnjby a solid and sincere peace. There will•always remain in Italy a powerful cause of troubles end revolution, wMch* despite the efforts of the Gov- t,irnmjPB.te, will Incessantly threaten an outburst of in- fc'nrrectJon and war in the center of the Continent...Butitiswelltoleaveittotime to settle this ques- v,: V:LosDOJr, Sept. 25—Noon —ConsolsB EMYSftdi.tion. '- •V . '$%•*%">.%.& :•'••• ''.'•• i V ;::"•;>:.:•: ;•'terward assisted at his burial, the ceremonies of, which cere friendship he could not doubt, nor its attachment were conducted by foreigners alone, the natives refusrprovidential manner in which it has been accomplished,Emanuel, King of Italy, and all the seals of State^ of, whose glorious exploits recall all that poetry and his- forwarded to tbeir destination].All the acts of public authority and of adminlstra- 1ion are to bejissued in the name of his Majesty Victor/has charge of the ship V a little excited.e, tid the naval man, I becomingglimpse of .thet • great man,' that I delayed my Inter- view until this' morning. On entering the large rooms of the Hotel de Ville, or 'Inte'ndenza,' the troops of peo-brated filibuster. It is a great pity that a man capableof such Eentiments should bavs led a life during which jolly time generally. The officers and men of the Mo- hican, who escorted the slaves to Monrovia, describehe canted so many disasters to humanity. their sufferings during the middle passage as positively It is not less satisfactory to TLS, to see how mercifully revolting. They would not undertake similar duties•-, The Treaai peaxed that were $40,499' due the TreasThe items cEnglish Script'ui Spaiiuh Scnpta: <3frnsanStri put Italian Scrip:rat Bunnanain: KA Home aiiii \-< :e Periodicnl Publ Agent*' Sal. ..T. AjfOIlU' K x j • <:» OmcenandA« Bad BiiL.r l£ut Btni ot Orti n FWinit Certi.-xaInsurance, t •?i Total...,Dr. SH£P* speech on flm The Rev. C also made a bi. The Annual Dr. WicxoFt Report states t ing the retult meaning of tiiseuedThe Epiat Philemon, J, dnring tbe y< and pul/h.-i- c as soon as been exten vexpreeeieLn report.Mark is •o Matthew, ^it mittee.gland loved liberty and order too, and that upon the lent measures. Moreover, the revolution having two ve.seels to join Gen. Alvarez, the schooner Correo covered, belonging to the brig J. P . Hooper. It will overthrow, of tyranny no time should be lost in the triumphed at Naples, could it be stopped at the frontier came to anchor in the fort, b'rmgtng back the expedi- probably be remembered that the Hooper was in thehad issued a sanguinary decree putting all the and a triumphant march of these several brigades. Thecountry under martial law^and threatening every* whole force will soon be brought together, and the res- formation of a Constitutional Government. ' I go,' of the Roman States, where it is invoked by abuses not tion of Gen. Alvarez himself Tne Icarus remained hands oi the authorities some time ago. She waspite allowed to the King at Gaeta will be of no long said he, ' to Naples in half an hour,' and we hope to less serious than thost* which have irresistibly drawn behind from motives of eonverience, but She also came charged with having ruu a cargo of slaves. After the body who should take^part in the rising with death duration. meet again there. A special train of about twenty car- the volunteers of Upper Italy into Sicily T to anchor during the night. . slaves were landed, the mate went with the vessel to-aid girls presented flags, th>ew flowers into the car-to those of Perugia. Upon disembarking, the marines marched first; the the vessel as a slaver, and for the arrest of the supposed If the Government of the King remained passive Hondureno troops came next, marching in hollow »aptain and mates on a ct-argo of piracy.joined lustily in the ' Viva Garibaldi!'cra, on the gold coast; the Mystic, Lieut. Leroy was at St. Paul's, and also the Constellation, flag-ship. The Mohican was on her return from a cruise to the goldthe whole population thronged .the stition. Bands,banners, bahdieri, National Guards^ carriages, ladies ofrank and.station attjred in their white dresses, trimmedwith Garibaldian colors, pink and white—thousands ofmale and female lazzaroni—every human being iu thecity almost, formed the procession to the PalazzoAogri; and there'he is installed, and shows himself atthewindows. The-shoutsof'VivaGaribaldi!''VivaIialia Una! are deafening, and thousands crowd the-staircases and spacious saloons of this beautiful palace.In the evening the whole city is illuminated. Proces-sions block up every street; all men are armed. Thou-sands of women carry a new poniard in their girdles.What a scene of bloodshed bae for the present beenaverted ! Who had thus armed this enthusiastic andexcitable people ? In Naples you can seldom probeercise over xhe Italians, there are provocations which As soon as Walker entered the prison he was heavily-bars, not intended to prevent escape—for from that think that the thousands are enjoying the scene as a tbe Pontifical Government ro send away the foreign tanoes. was unjust. Those who accompanied me axe vention in Italy, nor, without previous understand- hight only a bird could attempt it—but simply to rob carnival rather than exhibiting in their ebullitions any legions, which could not serve to suppress tie mani- not to blame. I alone am guilty. I ask pardon of .the ing with the Great Powers, anywhere in Europe, the poor recluse of the distant view of his familiar strong political Sentiment! The fact is, that the King .festations of the Provinces which touch upon our people. I receive death with resignation—would thatscents. In the lowest floor there is no window to the has not betn unpopular with the lazzaroni and the low- frontiers without forcing us to interfere in their favor. it may be for the good of society."and to oppose any further extension of the French dungeons—only a little wicket in the door opening out- est orders of Naples, who number more than than half On the refusal of the Court of Rome to comply with Walker died with remarkable fortitude. His remainsterritory, either hy treaty or conquest. At the wardly, for the jailer to commuoica'.e with the prisoner the populations ids war has been against the intellect that reqnest,.the King hasissued an order to his troops were received into^a tomb, and rest in peace for a per-Mine time arrived another telegram announcing if he bas a mind. That wicket would be opened in the and free thought of his subjects. Trie priesthood, the to enter Umbria aud the Marches with the mission of petual example. , '-.-.'•'•'.'One day after the. execution of Walker, the Ameri- can schooner John E. Taylor, with reEnforcements and arms for the fillibusters, anchored in the port; but sheforces of the republican power. The immediate arrival of an American man-of-war steamer is announced, and it is.considered very probable that other vessels, with reinforcements for the unhappy expedition, will arrive, as the promoters thereof in the United States are ignor- ant of theifate of Walker.""Wit • . TnuXILLO, Sept. 18.1860.TheHand^of marauders which the 'bucaneer Walkerctienee of. which Morgan bad plead guilty. C. L. Woodbury appeared for the prosecution; J. H. Prince for. the defense.Mr. Woodbury,in opening, said he exprcted to prove that the Orion was an American vessel, and that pre- vious to the present capture she bad been captured for being engaged in tbe riave trade, with Morgan as her master, and taken to Xew-York and condemned; that last-year she appeared Again on the African coa*t, and discharged mostot her cargo up the Congo River; that afterward she was overhauled with the American flag flying,.by tbe U. S. steamer Mystic, when tae officers and crew of the Orion, were sick, or pretended to be sick; that a boat's crew from tho Myatic were on board a week, and soon after they left she was cap- tured by the British steamer Pluto, with slaves on board, and this prisoner serving in h*r. Wniie the Pluto'' was approaching the Orion all evidences ofnationality were destroyed. The name of Chamber- lain was upon the books as a passenger, and at his request he was-taken to'St Helena, at which place heing but little in interest to the stories of La Bastille, paper (more prudent, if the purpose be temporary), and spiritual power which is the eternal and immovable tinez, proceeded to try by coujrt' martial, Walker and wa* put upon a vessel of the United States. &a ship- Mowiteur spread general consternation. The Em of which it will soon share the fate. the curtain closes for a moment upon the great drama basis of his religious authoritv. his fecond, F. A. Rudler. Tte case was referred to ped at New-York, while toe Orion was still in themorning to let in a little bread and water; then the wicket would fall to, and for ^4 hours all would be darkness h^de.soldiery, and the lowest orders have been his imple- ments ; by such means as these he hasdestroyed all free- dom of speech, of thought, of action; and ro the ' oi'reestablishing order there, and oHeaving a free field to the populations for manifesting their sentiments.that the Emperor of Austria and the Prince Regentof Prussia were to meet the Russian Czar at War-saw. *. The- coalition and revival of the Holy Alli-ance seenied once more to be certain. On Friday,in the morning, the mobilized National Guard of the prisoners in their celld and in their beds. I could (Jovernaient is in.the course of construction. Some of menace; for the Government of tbe King will alwaysTurin .took their departure for Alessandria and Bologna, to perform garrison duty there, and thus to set the regular army free. The English Mara- i*g Post allayed the apprehensions of "Italy arisingrepeat the instances of wholesale executions of Swiss the late King's Ministers gave in their adhesion with- know how to conciliate the great interests of Italy with and Sicilian mutineers, of which St. EHno has been out hesitation;- some require time for thought. The la- the respect due to the august chief of religion, to whomThe Royal troops will scrupulously respect Rome and polioi' of Naples it is a master of indillerence whether tbe territory which surrounds it. They would lendI do not lik^kp witness horrors, much less to dwell they render tribute to the King or to Garibaldi. • their support, should it ever be wanted, to preserve the soon afteryfard disappeared,! having recognized theupon them,' else^iould tell you of the loopholes we But the enthusiasm is at' blood heat,"and for days'itwere shown, through which the sentries could shoot will so continue. . In the meantime the Provisional residence of the Holy Father against, any attack orcommanded with the title of General, having been cap- finm the news of the Nord, but an article of th soon become the sabject-of books or pamphlets yield- of the King are painted out, or pasted over with brown been.investeo dnring a period of its history with the tured, the Commander of the Port, I). Norberto Mar-FROM'EA.V| Cahawba, Of Orleans and morning at d 25th, atSk. 27th, from wl at noon on ih«There was health of thatOct'2,9::<0| the United St Havana and £jMARKJBT-pcror had recalled the French Embassador from Yes, toe good people of Naples are bent upon de- being enacted here. The next Bccue .will present newBut our hopes go still further. We have the confi- tb« Cbkf of the Restoring F>rce, Gen. D. Mariano hands of the Government, and before she' was returned' dence that the spectacle of the unanimity of the patri- Alvarez, who, after haying heird the criminals ia their nto the hands of Morgan.otic sentiments which now burst forth throughout tbe own behalf, sentenced the firBt to capital punishment, It was shown by Mr. ingraham, of the New-YorkTurin, on account of the serious step the Sardinianmolishing St. Elmo, and are only awaiting the Dicta- difficulties, and is anxiously awaited by every Govern-tator's biddint?,to lay hand to the work. A tough job ment in Europe. Government had taken as regards the Government they will find it, I am sure.' As I was walking yes-whole of Italy will resoind the Sovereign Poutiff 'hat and the second to four years inkprisonmentj both being Cusiom-House, that in August, 1869, the bark Orion of the Pope. The consternation still increased terday along the upper battlements, the impatient citi- " There's not ahistoiy but shows a thousand crowned he was some years ago the sublime inspirer of this great satined with the sentence. was registered, with-Thomas Morgan as'owner andfrom ^aribaidi's proclamation about the zens were already busy pulling back the huge brass conspirators against the people, and the crowned nead nation al movement. The vail wljich counselors, ani- The defense made by the cr miuals themselves does master. She cleared on the 10th of that monta for the « guns, each of which was most offensively pointed at of the besotted Bourbon is at length overtaken, by ret- mated by mundane interests, had placed over his eyes not contain any attempt at exculpation;, and on the cpaBt of Africa, and slipping articles and crew listimpending conquest of Rome; the fund some of the most densely crowded quarters of the ributive justice:';. ' • fell, and everybody looked anxioas town, turning iheir muzzles inward. What a fortresswill fall, and then, recognizing that the regeneration of contrary, Col. Rudler, the sjcond in command, has were deposited. [These papers were produced, and Italy is a decree of Providence, he will r-beoome the handed to Comm»u.der Martintz, through the medium upon them the name of Byron J. Chamberlain appearedFatber of the Italians,.as he has never ceased to be the of the Engliih Consul, a communication manifesting as fmtmate.] •that was, and what a protection to the city ! It was The French Embassador applied for his pass no bad emblem of the whole sea and land might of theSARDINIA AND POME.The following is the Memorandum addressed by the Sardinian Government to its representatives at foreign Courts, explaining its reasons for entering the Pomanaugust and venerable Father of all the Faithful.ports, but the stereotyped smile on Count Cavour'sJips remains as sweet as ever, and people begin to commotion. • . •Turin, Sept. 12..\think that even the recall of the Embassador may be a comedy prearranged with Napoleon. Who k n o w s ! Indeed, it seems impossible to believe that the Emperor should not have been informed by Farini and Cialdini of the impending invasionof the Marches and Umbria," and it is doubted that Fanti, the* Minister, and Cialdini, the very General who saw and spoke with Napoleon at Chambery, three weeks ago, would, have accepted ike command of an expedition really disapproved hy Mm: These rumors agitated the town yester-The only foreign Ministers who now remain in States. <oath that, they would never enl st for any aimilar tame of the prisoner was among them, but he could . ~ , , Lxyaupoojiij Sept. 24—p. m. vandal expedition against any Republic in Central not say he was the man. He had heard that Cham*Bourbon—worse than useless against foreign aggres-hie gratitude to tho Republic for the mercy with which * John Patterson, ,a shipping master at New-York> he toad been] treaied. The rest :>f the expedition—some said he bad known ChamMrlaln two or three years?70 odd—have been pardoned anderthe condition and the crew of the Orion was shipped at his office, and theto-day were 10.000 bales, moludiug 3,000 to speculators and ex- porters, the market showing no change since last weeksion, wholly and exclusively directed to crush internalNaples are the British, French, Sardinian, and Ameri- can, but all but the two former have no relations with the deposed Government. M[r. Chandler is, indeed, soThe Peace of Villafranca, by assuring to the Italians the right of disposing of their own fate, .empowered the populations of many provinces; of the North andTLIVERPOOL COTTOK MARKKT.-The sales of Cotton America.-berlain resided at Portland. . ' •• - James Briscoe, a seaman of the Mystic, who came home with the prisoner, testified to having seen hiraSTATIC OF TRADE.—-There has been no market at' indisposed that he could not leave, and; moreover, no center of the Italian Peninsula to substitute the Nation- •Manchester since the departure of the Cunuda.Walker was shot, and suffer >d the penalty in the oldPlaza de Armas, which communicates with the mole onwhich he disembarked on th) morning of August 6 on hoard on the coast of Africa, before the capture by Thobe who have been pardoned Btill remain in Truxillo*while a vessel is preparing th take them baok to theUnitedStates.Iheyareverywelltreated,andevennotice has been sent to the^-diplomatic body? of the departure of the King.Garibaldi:"Near to yon, or from yon, brave people of Palermo, l a m with yon, and with you for all my lif«!" Bond* of affection, community of fatl«ue, of danger, ofal Government of tbeJKing Victor Emanuel for Gov- ernments subject to foreign influence.the.Pluto.For the defense it will probably be,denied thatTheOfficialJournal ofNaplesthismorningpub-Richardson,Spence&.Co.,Wukwneld,Nash&.Co.,andothersChamberlainwasanAmericancitizen,andthatheamid this universal emotion, it wouldjplace itself in di- square, with the prisoners in tbe center. . .The Commandant of the Brooklyn barracks had a guard of United States marines put on board the prize and they will remain on board until she is in charge ofrect opposition with the nation. The generous out- burst which the events of Naples and of Sicily haveWith the exception of a few! fiUibuster8, all the party looked like corpses, and some ^>fthem were apparently; off further ;nWALKERSFrom theJST. O.Picdfuue, 29th inst.. -No one enlightening him, he at once ordered the flag The transformation which has • taken place in the sentenced to four years' confinement in the State Prison to be hauled down. " Now, boys, give three cheers/*lower apartments, and beheld a wbole mass of |wo;>lly 'JIf you do not disdain Garibaldi for. your companion in arms, tionary passions will no longer find a theater where his appearance, he asked for Gen. Walker. Gen. heads. Every black eye in the ship was bent on thehe only de»ires to fight by your side the enemies of the country. most insane enterprises had chances of success, or at Walker then stepped forward and said he was the man. 1Italy, trampling on the fragments of her chains, points.to the north—the path of honor—toward the last Jurkipg-place of ty- rant:sB. I. promise] yocu nothing more than to make y^ujdght.NapUt, Sept/lQ. " " G. G A T R I B £ L D IThe following is an extract of a letter from Mr. Ed European anxieties,.* if the two great regions of the then Baid sgain: " Do I understand you to say that I took back to the steamer the crew of the Erie.Truce, then, to discord—the chronic misfortunes of eur l»nd least of exciting the sympathy of all generous-minded Capt. Salmon tb'en saidr "([demand that you sur- unexpected intruders, who took a hasty survey of the" T h e long roll of the 'spirit-stirring drums,'the discordant notes of the Calabrese soldiers as they were endeavoring to form their ranks, the dashing in of car- riages from Naples with their cargoes of deputati >ns to attend Garibaldi, rous«d me before 4 o'clock from my bed in a wretched ' Alberto' in Salerno, where I had been the prey of musfluitoes since midnight. ' Garibaldi was astir as early as •» o'clock; he had seen members of the Committee from Naples, tand was arranging his entreo into the city. At my interview with him yes- terday at EbolJ, which was a hurried, one, he had re- quested me to see him in the evening; he was so sur- rounded by crowds of admirers, all anxious far aformally, surrendered, and ,yas taken on board the Icarus.It has been reserved to the Roman States to offer indieposed the authorities of Honduras were to the gra-tuitous disturbers of the tranquillity of the country.for any consideration. •'The Erie is a tine sailer, and looks like anything butprovinces into distress.sons of consideration to make a suggestion to him withrespect to a subject of some importance connected with Such facts provoke, in the • highest degree, the indig-his.assumptioaof power in Naples. ' Sir,' Baid he, and nation of the Italians who have achieved their liberty hard—may here learn all that ihereis respectable arid portion was given to Mr. Sej Bat Monrovia. The hold a peculiar lighting up of his countenance struck me, and independence. Full of sympathy for their breth- of the vessel was unutuJJy neat, and was kept in ex-power to orocure annexation to,the King of Pied> and of humanity, and which wounds deeply the na- \mont. But these- things I' must do in my own man- tional sentiment. ; ' . - The capture of Walker and. some seventy individu- sails are new and valuable, and could not have been ' ner.' I mentionea to him that anarchy might Although sharing this painful emotion, the Govern- als of hia party having been eifected by Gen. Alvarez, long in use. The Erie was boarded in the Congo-prevail, at Naples, and that all the hopes which 'En- ment of the King thought it right hitherto to prevent who, with 200.men, pursued tiiem in connection with River by the British steamer Spitfire, previous to re- gland entertained of the regeneration of Italy any, disorganized attempt to deliver, the populations of the steamer Icarus, I am about to narrate to you, cir- ceiving slaves. She was only eeventeen hours fromHE CONFESSES HIS GUILT..produced in th6 masses would degenerate at once into in the last agonies. With their sad and languid looks, he Maishal. ,:>.*.anarchy and disorder. they appeared to curse the leader who had brought The Erie's advices from the African squadron reportIt would then be possible and even probable that the the.m to such dire extremities. the San Jacinto on her way to Laonda, as was also theregular movement which has hitherto taken place Tbe march at the eatrancs was slow and solemn. corvette Portsmouth. The Sumpter had gone to Ac-* .direct labors postponed.Fifteen th have been u forty German ing the ye.r- Hamburg, letibuigj ->! Svcitzcriaj. .Mr.Oncke ing an edn to Scriptures idDr. Macea fieldatk (lnu and funds. Consul at ,B very favoraW teachings iu t known ('rien Univen-ity part of his the same st bf Union. 1 ro University. 1 vision wo- Old.TeetameiA plan has' of the revisk by special ror interest of w lation of the Iespecially, an Final Commi queathed to,' pose, will c£n naents everyThe total S5 its formation tracts, in p*Therepor':,! very eloqutac give a fttitlr.ulThe Pres;d« and able adc Union, aft^r bountiful <:ol" in the b&eemefirst time they gave way to violent reactions, which port, and protecting I is faith as a Roman Catholic, he would lead to the most lamentable consequenc *s. His-, >vss seen thereafter almost constantly kneeling at theThe King would be wanting iu his duties toward notified of his sentence of death; and to this startling guilty, and pleaded guil y to having voluntarily Served the Italians, who have always barkened to the .-message the only reply' he made was to ask at what in a vessel engaged in the slave-trade. His sentencethe fleet.THE SLAVE BARK ORION CASE—THE CAPTAIN- mostdeplorableexcessesforlessseriouscauses. distinguished. Amongotherijhingsheoncesaidtothe PLEADSGUILTY.—Thismorning,the caseof Thomas Should it expose the Peninsula to similar dangers,' Captain: " I am resigned to die; my political career is Morgan, master of the. slave bark Orion, came up for the Government of the King would be culpable toward concluded." trial in the United. States District Court, but when the Italy; it would not he less so toward Europe. On the 11th inst., at 7 o'clbck p. in., WaUcer was caee was called the prisoner, retracted, his plea of nottory informs us that a people who are now at the head feet of the priest in front of la small altir, on which, of civilization, have committed under the Empire the by the dim light "of the tapersj the image of Jesus wascounsels of moderation which he has given them, and who have intrusted to him the high mission of direct- ing the national movement.hour it would be executed, and whether he had timeto write'. will be impoeed on Thursday. - The maximum- punish-On the 12th, at 8 o'clock a. m., the culprit marched ment for this offense is a fine not exceeding $2,000, andthe truth. Some tell you that the King had done so, He would be wanting in his duties toward Europe, to the place of execution. He walked witn a crucifix imprisonment not excesdiog two years. He and hieand intended to turn the mad rabble loose upon.the cit- for he has contracted toward it the moral engagement in his hahd, upon which he befit all his regards, look- associates were not indicted under, the " Piracy Act "izens; others s a y that secret committees in the of not allowing the Italian movement to degenerate ing neither to the right nor to the loft, but listening the penaltie unders which are death, as there was no ev-viding means of resistance to the troops, and beenmost prodigal, in expenoiture of money and promises.However it maybe, the hour may come when excessesmay sully a hitherto bloodless revolution. The. tumult his protection, granted it to them at once. At the Roman Catholic. The war wjhich I made upon Hon-isgreat-rthe agitation excessive; but I am inclined to samo time he sent a diplomatic.agent to Rome to ask duras in accordance with the suggestions of some Rua- first mate of th« Orion, was put on trial, for'the sameIt is to fulfill this double duty that the Government of ear. He entered trie hollow square formed by the sol-in the Orion, On board-the vessel, or assisted in detain- ing them there.the King, so soon as the insurgent population of the Marches and of Umbria sent him deputations to invokediery in the .place of execution] and there fall of resig- nation, he pronounced the following words, " I urn aCOMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE.. LIVERPOOL. BREADSTUFKS MARKET.—The Bread-stufl'a market is firm, and Corn hns an advancing tendency ' Tho weuther-is favorable for the crops. J"Thisgreattransformationhasbeenaccomplishedwithlishes the-following address to the Palermitans from admirable order, without disturbing any of the princi- report Flour firm and steady. Wheat firm ut Friday's rates! ladies of the highest rank, fdrgetting the fatigues of was voluntarily engaged in the vessel and perhaps theples upon which social order is based. Corn bos an advancing tendency: Mixed, 35ya>35/6. their recent flight, assist the sick and wounded? The nationality of tne vessel will also be questioned.The events which have taken place in the Emilia LIVERPOOL PROVISION MARKET.. — Provisions are forces of the Government comport themselves with so and in Tuscany have proved to; Europe that the Ital- steady. Beef dull. Pork quiet. Bacon steady. Lard firm at much propriety, that even foreigners admire their sub; . ' lBoBtonTr»v«leryOot.2.glory, bind me to yoc -with indissoluble tleu; moved from the ians, far from being actuated by anarchical passions, LIVERPOOL PRODUCE MARKET.—Sugar quiet; Ricevery depth* of my «oul, with my conscience aa Italian. I know only asked to tie governed by free and national institu- quiet; Rosin dull at 5/2 for common. Other articles unchanged.dbat you will not doubt my word*. I separated myself from you tions.! ,,.. L LONDON MARKETS, Sept. 24.—WHEAT tendB up-SUPERB PEARS.—EUwanger & Barry, the great nurserymen at |Rocheeter, have sent us a basket of the THEBALLTOTHEPRINCE.Itisunderstoodthata finestpearsof.theseason.Theygrowthemonlyto satirical .poem, in two parts, upon the subject of the test the several kinds, and have the largest variety ofthe whole of thePeninsula the Italian question Vould sales. KICK firm. TALLOW slightly higher for all qualities.ples, now Garibaldi's, formerly Victor Emanuel's, tive of the boly national idea, ' Italy and Victor EmanueL' De- have been settled at thisvery moment. Far from being AMERICAN SECURITIES.—American Securities are Ball to the Prince, written by j&ir. E. C. Stedman, will fine pears (probably) that can be found in America.atljoanda• i4preti* will annoonce to the dear people of Sicily the day of theannexationoftheIslandtotherestoffreeItaly. BatitIsDe- acauseoi appreuwwuu «m umigw w Europe, trmj,Ulinol*Centialiharei,16idiscount>N.Y.Central ihuii,jpvtiswhopa*dekunlno—fcitfefaitomymiidoni&4totbein* Italywouldt»bflawforthM.elementofpvawand't»o;irU,ao. Untitled DocumentI •••--TM.""^ willbeillustratedbyMullen.M— --— ••- • • -••• ••••••«aHiSBMj£j&£mKmamu*wti&&Mmi m64/ for fine. Tallow unchsnge.d.ordinauon.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comii i rimf •—irk:<''jjj0^9.: fha'..us.ii^** <«ii^Mi.' •]!»• 4ftaatiaa -EXECUTION.th* 12th, and buried the same day in the public burial about fifteen miles from tbe vessel, which was uudir:ground,.',- - , ' •;.' ;.•'!'• " ' {,.'all eail, and port studding-sail; immediately/got up art- ditionai steam, and came near the stranger, who re- fused to show any colors; fired a blank cartridge and'with him a portion of Walker s clothing, and othermemorials left by him, whifch we presume will be the fekipper. An American, somewhat of a Yankee,handed over to his family. | • then was aceoeted, but with no satisfactory result, as It is also stated that Gen. Walker, before his execu- he persisted in declaring that the commander died inhas filled Europe with astonishment by the almost tion, wrote several let'era th friends in the United the Congo. The mate was next asked for, but was notStates, which were taken by Gen; Alvarez, and by him and excited its admiration for the illustrious warrior handed over, sealed, to the Englisn commander to beforthcoming, as he rau away, it was alleged. " WhoTiu JILLO, Sept. 18,1860.Citionof the chieftain.On the 5th inst., at the moment that Gen. Godoy,with the auxiliary troop of Guatemala, set sail withother craft was ever captured on the African station with so many negroes.On searching tne Erie, a bundle of papers was dis-•<of the suspicious craft. She hove to, and Lieut. Dun- way, he was confronted by a Spanish gentleman, ofship, and proceeded to regulate matters generally. E x -Byron J. Chamberlain, supposed to have been the;  