 I if.The Tribune Campaign Tracts.No. 1. SXWARD and O'CONOR.- No.2.DEXOCRATICLEADERSFORDISUNION—Wil-i MartinofToronto,andonetoW,B.Crockerof literature,itcannot'beforgotten. Whyitwas son's Speech. See advertisement. Norwich, Conn. I t is to be presumed these parties suppressed by the American publishers,"who madeAItionsandreportsfromCommitteesofnogeneralinter- him. Thereare a great manypeople whothink- proposed to make a collectionofhis artieles,he electionwerecomJngon, andhundredsofthousands!*•we are amoved to say that we shall be glad to hear of Brushes, Pen-holders, our subscribers lending theirs as widely as possible.to every one engaged i n producing o r selling i t , would b e told b y knavish o r stupidly malignant demagogues that the." Black Republicans" had imposed a heavy tax on their fuel to enrich a few coal-mining Nabobs; and they would make partyNot the slightest. H e expressly says that the Bible " does not justify Turkish Slavery, Algerine Slavery, " nor White Slavery,' itjustifies no sort of Slavery'' except that which justifies itself by the rightfjdnesM " of its oicn conditio?is and circumstances." That i stosay,itjustifiesnoSlaveryofaparticularrace, because it justifies all Slavery. Turkish Slavery ia right, if th e Turk can maintain his right; Algerine Slavery (of white people) is right, if the Algerine s o determine; negro Slavery is right because the ne- gro'sownersodecrees. For,beitnoticed,Mr. Lamarhas nostandard bjwhich to measurethe rightfulness of the "condition and circumstances" of Slavery, except the will and opinion of the mas- ter. He isthe sole judge. There is no outside tribunal. Of course, the judgment is in favor of*.*•••*WPW"|ffiWW^!^^^*f^^"W*WFi'1 to 3§ by mail, on receipt of 25 cents.Dimes. BAK.VX- it PAXX, XOS. 13 beIS, Park-Row, N. Y.J.R.BCRDSAIJ/S A X X I C A LlXTSUDTXitary. The bill carrying into effect treaty stipulations with the Indians of Oregon and Washington Territo- ries,waspassed. TheHousethenproceededtovote for Printer, with this result:IndangerousremediesbyinexperiencedandunskOiTiUhaTM*-^w. instructedthemtosupportWHXIAM Dr. H. may here state that he has no^oounectien whatevcrH.SEWARD"When thatevent shallhavetakenplace, your " demand will deserve consideration. A t present, "whatyourequireunderthenameofFreedomia• mmmmmmmmm •mam wmemBsmmiaaifim$80int** Noiit**»GENTLEMES'S HA TS.Sj^Fa*aia.rorl**H*tt*r,No. 118 Nassau* •*-.H i i N o w K » A » T <rs»SvsivoKAHBIOWtorOmnrtntrnx •HATS.S E n w mjc^r.—nw •,.• fwwwf*NEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, SA TURDA Y , MARCH 3 , 1860.WillbeJatrodutedTinsDAY.and PARI* STYLX*for Y orjro O u m . Finest quality, $ 8 .Th* destruction by fire o f the Philadelphia Ear Infirmary, of which Dr. HAUTIXY was the bead, having roloased him from his duties in that city, he h a s establkhed permanently his In- stitution for the exclusive treatment of Ear Diseases at No. 104 14th-«t.,oppositetheAcademyofMusic.of valuable time is in no sense the fault of the Chairman of the Committee of WayB and Means.ThebrigJ.BeurmannbringsHaytiadvicestothe" ground on the hand of the King of Brobdignag," claps his hand on his sword and tells his Majesty11 that he knows how to defend himself! You will"rebel! Butthis is mere trifling. Are you,inlocated just beside a great city is worth more than American captains, sailing under the American just such a farm located in central Siberia, Ne- flag, bound ostensibly on some oleaginous or braska, or Paraguay. Nay, more: we feel certain other voyage equally harmless and praise-that, had theTariff of1828beenallowedtostand worthy, and as innocent of any ain- tillthisday,weshouldhavemademoreIroninthe isterpurposeinregardtonegroesasGarrisonor~~TOMES, SON A. MBXVAIN,No. & M A I M S XtAJTB, New-York, ImportersandWholesale DealersInGvjfa, PnrroM,.Crrtsxr.PiATXnWAKI,Jxwxutr,FAJTCTGooaa, Bfcusnin, Px-RrrxwRT, AW> BOATS." your slaves without our assistance ? I f you can" still rise up and lie down in security—if you can" still eat the bread of the fatherless and grind the" faces of the poor—if you can still hold your petty"Parliaments,andsayyourlittlespeeches,and nowbuyingofEurope,bythemillions'worth,and fceizure,inthisportandelsewhere,ofvesselssus-W*. BAJCTA, Hatter, No. 3S7 Canal-at., oor. Woostor-st..PERRY'S JAPANESEBOOT AXD. Snox POUHH. Splendid gloss. No rubbing. Soils nothing.Solderezjirbere. J*rA&xaxPOLISHCO., No. 447Broonie-st.,onedoerweatofBroadway.Consultation and Examination each morning.TBX EAR: ITS CAUSKS. RXXKSY, PRXYBHTIOX AXO CUXX.Price 25 cent*, by mail or otherwise. letter 10 the people of Hayti filled with his peculiar, LOVERS OF AQUATIC SPORTS.—An elegant ma-hogany SRKU BOAT, superior to anything of the kind ever warm-Shearted expressions of sympathy, in which uflt, will be exhibited THIS DAT at O. R. IJTGERSOLI/B Fancy he refers to the execution of John Brown. Reli-Aceordeons. kc,i which they oner to the Trade at the lowest market price, andon the most favorable terms.have thus sent out will probably have been read on an average by five persons/making nearly One Mil-fugitive pieces, which he abandoned to the worldVxxxox ic Co. The cures made by Trot Da GKATX with his E u c r u c On, Ig o n a ^ r ^sick and suffering, to look well into the well-attested merits, thewere to be lower under that tariff than ever before.But let a violent Equinoctial Storm next Septembernterrupt our communications with t h e great coal-_____________^_^^^_^^them.sconnecting a t El r&PAXX'S P A VSXT PoxocspathywiththeAnti-Slavery cause. Thefirstpub- lic appearance of Macaulay, while yet a very youngELECTRIC O I L .;cent each) but we shall try to. The marked advan- tage [of circulating a Speech by Gov. SEWARD is that he has been so well abused, so atrociously mis-ILL A weekly MaresonearmiraculousastoresemblethefamedScriptureso-I counts of similar cures In ancient times b y the annotating with I_ _ _MACAULAYO NSLAVEBY,poor. As there is no necessity for, so there would be no safety, no wisdom in, wantonly braving this striouB peril.our now depressed Manufactures alone can secureits apparent profit, combine to satisfy the slavehold- ing mind upon the great question of the rightfulness,,of t h e slave's "condition a n d circurn8tances. What does the master care for the curse of Canaan T What does hecare about the slaveholding practices ofHebrewsandEgyptiansseveralthousandyears ago? I t is enough for him that his own personal convenience and profit induce him to hold slaves. D r .Lord and Dr. Adams may stupefy the Northern mind and benumb the Northern conscience if they willwiththeirsophistries;butthey,maygohangso far as he is concerned. T h e strong arm, wielding;Pxxcxx/rshouldbeusedforallCnronicPains,Faintnesa.Dys- ter(Rep.,N.Y.),relativetothetreatmentoftheNews£IA*TXXB pepaia, Colds, Consumption, Rheumatism, Female York Seventh Regiment at Washington. The state- are sold Waakneaa, e t c They retain their active propertiesby all whenotherplastersare useless, and where applied mentshowsthattherewasnocauseofcomplaintwhat- Dealers pain cannot exist. Every family should have them.from One sizeoncloth,threesizesonleather. Samplesent everatthetreatmentextendedto theNew-YorkMil-from an early number of T7.e Edinburgh Re- xneio.and, in point of time, preceded the famous artic eon Milton^ I t is, indeed, the earliest con- tribution of the illustrious writer to that Review,ofwhichhebecameachiefsupportandornament. As such, it belongs to the curiosities of Literature, evenifitdidnotpossessanmtrinaiGinterestfrom its subject and its style.'is prepared by combining Arnica with a most healing and pese- 'traUnr.vegetableoiL ForalltheAcxxs AjrnPARTStfr+t- human flesh is heir to, it is without equal.RHXCXATTSX, B x r m x a , SPKAIXS, TainintheSideorBreast,SoreThroat,fcc,yieldtoafew«p- pHea&ona. Beware of counterfeits, and buy none but Bca»-lAix's original article. Sold by all druggists. Price 35cJ£RS. S. A. ALLEN'S HAIR Kje§TOREXt AND ZYLC-' Cures BAtnxxss and restore* &- y ^ ^ i color. itgorWnayor sale,wholesaleand retail,.*, ^ ^ jdepot No. 3*5Broome, corner Eliz*beth-»t., and>-; ^ d r u i K i „ , M ^ fancy-goods dealers."STODART PIANOS."The moat reliable Piano, and pronounced b y th e Profession mad over 15,000 families who have them in use, TKXBxaT l»- STXPatxxT now made i n the United States.Vv arerooms, No. Sol Broadway-H O M E TESTIMONJL.From The Pittsburgh United Presbyterian." W e have tried HOSTXTTXX'S STOXACH Brrrxxsfbr Dyspep- sia, and can spe*dt favoiably o f its effects, and have no hesitatioaIn commending them to those suffering from any debility of UM kind."From The Pittsburgh Post, Ang.27.n858." HO«TXTTXX'» BITTXXS.—These Bitters have obtained m<tvide-»pread and weU-de*erved celebrity in all parts of the coun- try. They are an admirable remedy for a spreat variety of stomach diseases. It is sufficient evidence of its beneficial character to observe the immense Quantities o f It shipped by Messrs. Uoctefr tor fc Smith, theproprletora, to all points In the country.¥xom The Pittsburgh Gazette, Aug. 18, 1858." Knowledge is gained by experience, and, though w e hava heretofore dealt very little In medical preparations, we are com-pelledinjusticeto themannfactureratosay thatHorrxTrxxI *TOXACX Brr-nix* has been the means o f enrin* u s o f a *even attack of dyspepsia, andha* removed pain in the stomaohta • very short time." •Wholenumberofvotes 187|ForMr.Gloaabrenner72 9helped carry first t h e abolition of the slave-trade, andthen,atamuchlaterday,the-abolitionof Slavery Itself in the British dominions.-The services of the father as the friend of theslave have been aptly commemorated by ^cenotaphin Westminster Abbey, situated in the nave* on theleftside of the great door as you enter,-and closetotheimposingmonumentofFox. Theeonnowlies in the same historic burial-place ,and beneath drive the wedge butt-end foremost, nor lose all in. the peculiar kind of Slavery which exists at thethe same mighty roof, but in Poet's Corner, distant • ^attempting to grasp too much! Bear in mind that South, to wit, the Slavery of the negro race, justify by mere than the whole length of the. nave fromuthe ian improved Tariff must be carried, if a t all, by the its continuance. And he presents a variety of argu- tablet erected in honor of his father. In all that aid of Members who are theoretical Free Traders, ments to sustain this position. The first is this:CRISTADORO'S HAIR DYE, WIGS, and TOUPEES General Railroad act, to exempt property of unmar- a*ss*d s* the head of the trade. The assortment o f Ladies' Braid ried women from taxation. Bills were reported forHalfWl«,JTroots,fcc,isnow eomplete. Wholesale and Re-tafj aad the DYKprivately appllad, at No. 6 Aator Houae. Railroads in New-York and relative to the MatrpolitanHOLLOW AY'S PILLS and OINTMENT dispense Police Commissioners. Mr. Van Horn reported <srtth the necessity of sorsicat operations for Cancer. Thousands against abolishing the office of School Commissioner,of females have been eored of Cancer in the Breast by the med- which gave rise to a debate. Reports were also made icatfagactionoftheOnguentandthepurifyingpropertiesofthe favorabletoamendingtheGeneralRailroadact,tothestranger, who has stood with grateful admirationGeneral Game law, and against a loan of $500,000 to the Pisbkill and Hartford Railroad, beside numerous others for local purposes. The Assembly agreed to equip the Sergeant-at-Arms with a sword, &c. Sev- eral bills of minor importance were passed. At the|he be*', in the world: the only harmless and reliable Dve kns>wnggrjy attheFaotory,removedtoNo.16Bond-t, J"**w" amend the charter of New-York, one to provideGOURAUD'S ORIENTAL CREAM beautifies the against unsafe buildings in New-York, and several Complexion,removeswimples,sallow*,,,,,fccNa.67Walk*r- otherNew-YorkandBrooklynbills,whentheHouse" litical parties, theirs has tended, in as great a de- "gree,tocombineandconciliateeveryformof "violence and illiberality. Tories and Radicals, " prebendaries and field preachers, are to be found " in their ranks. The only requisites for one w h o " aspires to enlist, are a front of brass and,a tongue "of venom."the Abolitionist—mindful that it was the love of HumanFreedominwhichtheeonwascradledand schooled that gave to his character some of its best features, and to his career of authorship its earliest triumph.But my purpose is simply to introduce this new-repeal the laws, and acknowledge the trade to be—asinrealityitis—ashonorable,andmerciful,and andestablishhimselfin.business,andrthusdemon-necessary, as the traffic of the same sort is in Balti- strate his right to freedom, Mr. Lamar does not more, Norfolk, or Charleston. W e have several yield to the fitness of things, and let him go; but heBARRY'S TRICOPHEROUSl» the best «dcr*wpest article for Dressing, Beautifying, Cleansing,Curling.J ' 6 * " ^ *** ^*«*»ri»r. the Ifslr.EodUa, try tt. For sale by Druggi«U and Perfume**.BATCHELOR'8 HAIR DYE, WIGS, and TOUPEEScomfortable sins to answer for as a natiou, which it will take a century or two to repent of—why need, we add hypocrisy to. the number ? Wo cannot buidispatches an officer in pursuit of him, and threatens to dissolve .the Union if he cannot get h'un back. He should take things more quietly. Again: M r . Lamar's argument, so far as it applies to the Suthern States, applies only t o t h e black m a n , " ike African, with all his foulness." I t is a ques- tion of color. But we do iwt understand that he i s anymorewillingtoemaaoipatethewhiteoffthe yellow slaves than the b'ack ones. How ia this? If slaveholders would only make a beginning by abolishing the old law of partus sequitur yentrm* and provide that the offspring of their own bodies shouldbemadefree,we shouldthinkitagreatin- dication of progress. Tho African ? It is not a question of the enslavement of the African. The Africanw&semancipated,bydeath,year*ago,and his graitachildren and great-grandoUUdrea, who arsMrm. HATS, Brooklyn. Beware of a vile imitation and<owed a hint from him, the way would be open.Nobody can forget that, in one of his most magnifi-centessays,hehasavailedhimselfoftheinterest, alltielaws,andtaketheproperstopBforater-action o f the water. In operation a*. No. 439 Broadway, second fpou BDXAITAHfc HTATT Proprietors,olosetius morning a t 10£ o'clock.*»imagine ourselves in contact with that of our own Slave States while w e respond to his generous words.Heseemsalsotohaveanticipatedthatflagrant sophism,which,undertheguiseofPopularSov- ereignty, insists that men 8ha!l be at liberty—Pt W AAAA . . ,tS. .WJ^.AVfrV.W,No. 54 Beekman-sL, New-York.1xnder&name of " Snow Wnlte Oriental Cream."CA T ARACTWAXHIXOMACBJSX.Wash-boards dispensed with. Clothes cleaned entirely by the Havre, by the United States steamer Arago, willtransient it may have been, created by a newly- diacovered prose work of Milton, anS has reminded his readers that the dexterous Capuchins never choose to preach on the life and miracles of a Saint till they have awakened the devotional feelings of their auditors, by exhibiting some reli« of him-^a thread of his garment, a lock of his bair, of a drop ofhisblood. Here,indeed,isarehcofMhcaulay; but I do not venture further.mination of all treaties in relation to. the slave-trade on the Coast of Africa, or rescue, by vigorous measures, worthy of so powerful a nation, the American flag from tho disgrace of making piracy legitimate.In another oolumn w e publish a letter from a correspondent o n board t h e United States ship Portsmouth,whichbringsussomeintelligeiioefrom the Coaut of Afrion, whioh, though interesting and"TO ALLWHOUSEHORSES.—Dr. TOBIAS'SVXS*TIAX Hoxsx LrjnxxXT, in plnt*bottles, price only 50Cents,lawxrraxtedtcheaperandsuperiortoanyarticleinthe RepublicancauseinNew-Haven,Conn.,.onMon- io«rketlor thecoreofCot*.Galls,Lamenessofallkinds,Colic,ivT This fa no humbug article. Try a bottle; it will speak tor day evening. We advise all who can get within i ^ L ^ J ^ ^ ^ C < m ^ ^ , Nevr-Y/orJc; IfclHy all tea rod* of the stand to hear hjro,trtmaft*PARTIALDEAFNESSANDDISCHARGESFROM AletterfromROBERTDALEOWENonDivorcebill-—tobuyandselltheirfellow-men.*•Ifyouwill_J» EAX.—Dr. HAXTMT begt toanaotmee to those of his pe-. in Indiana, with reference to our recent strictures, " adopt the principles of liberty," says Macaulay, atenia with whom he has been in communication that he has, i nTiRIFF RBTISrON.The House Committee of Ways and Means, having worked off a considerable share of its annualeervebowperiodicallytheselettersbreakoutfrom somebody who has gone out expecting to be re- freshed by a visit to "Afric's sunny fountains,"nowheldinSlaver America^butinthou Anglo-Saxen runs in abandon his argumemancipate the mnl octoroone, and then originalbarbarian«t for the possession of notatpresenthisstr Mr. Lamar assutmcipation has failed thoughheprudently ities. He was fortoenabled him to avoi< of his subject Hav firstplace,Slavery.that it is peculiarly that emancipation iraces; he proceeds fc hardlyamountstoa anexcellentthingfo slaveholding whites. the prosperity and i holding farmers of th count, they are abou intheworld,andfcf free soil in the cour factandobservation, tial travelers in the S general thing, arriveXiamar. Perhaps tl The sand-hiller and I: which we seldom s»zwe confess we were thesamplelatelyB/TJ Hambleton. W e w< cipitately. We sh^I breed of noble men.Of the slave-owne Mr. Lamar evident Ij men in t h e world: i and clay-eaters. X guide legislaturesa them came a Wa*hi Scott, a. Twiggs, a Ringgold, a Bragg:, line,aJefferaon,aLowndes, a Calhoun, and a Taney. The># part; but we suppo* those who once bore speech with any oth Mr. JeffeTsOn has lefl effect of Slavery updthe master; and we accounts which r e a meanness, from atca for wordSj spokeninpilferings and petty are corrected, we si the modern slaveho for George Washingt for Thomas JeffersonCALIKAt the risk of be:n/; again to askthe after eiderations-touching1 first see where we nc.Our Governmeni L Mail^routestoCali: valleys of the Mis6isii L ThePacific S; from New-York ana! 1cost $170,000 per an II. The Butterfiel|from St. Louis an< Francisco: cost S6•ompHaaoe with their apeclal requests, made arrangement* to shall appear soon—probably in our next. eaUhHsh his EARIjrsTmmox k» New-York; and ho ig**TM"*7,•ffers to attend all persona suffering from affeotioB* o f toe JGor,without charge, until cured—thereby proving h is «««ceoijin-" adopt them altogether. Every argument which "you can urge in support of your ow n claims " might be employed, with far greater justice, inor routine business, is about, we understand, to and convinced of the beneficent labors of the Amer-eoualed, andprotectingthe deaf from being «wtadled *TWff>* •eWyled AurisU exorbitantfees inadvance, andthe ^ « i o nMINNESOTAhas chosen eight delegates to thetake up the subject of the Tariff, and act decisively thereon. We venture, therefore, a few suggestions totheableandpracticalmajority ofthatCommit- tee, which we trust will at least be candidly con- sidered.It can hardly be necessary at this day to say that we favor the Protection of Heme Industry—de- cided,ampleProtection. Wefeelascertainthat, had the Tariff of 1828 been permitted to stand un- changed and unthreatened to this day, our countryican Board along the African coast, announcing tba fact that the trade in negroes isstill continued; that itiscarriedonwithgreatspiritandwithenormotf* profit; that the American cruisers sent to prevent itaretoofewinnumbertoperformthatduty,oc from their orders or their characters utterly inca- pable of such a service; that the slavers areallfirst- clapsvessel*,beautifultolookat,andcapable,ifnot of fighting, certainly of showing their cabin win- dows to any vessel in the American navy; that theyof still more serioas evils, by permitting the >PP"^o a ** Republican National Convention at Chicago, and "favor of the emancipation of your bondmen.SriMMDW* proxKwwx* to bo superior in point of .tylo, rieh- with any person advertising to cure * ^ ^ » - ^ ' ^ J 2 1 i „ for President. givenpirnVis^onfor thepublication of a «rtfll«*»WjfofptHWob«DJU this uniau* and b**utifnl fabric to the judgment ofp.toemanateftvmhim,an/cannot^therefbre.^J^JW"?i2 any alarmingconsequences resultingfrom rashnessandpapers* tion. The loss ofmoney may not be jmterial ^ ~me « « WIt isAnd thethreatsofdisunion, coming fromthe slave-drivers, are also anticipated, and treated with the scorn they merit. " W h o , " says Macau- lay, "can refrain from thinking of Captain Lemuel" nothing but imlirnited power to oppress; etetiac oneofhfc inimlUbJe HATBO«>, by any possibility, be but the deprivation of one or the most important of the sensea induce the House of Representatives to sit to*day„ " the freedom of Nero."tW tmbHe. with the fbil«t confidenoe *hat no gentleman par- ^Mspointed to its iatri&aic nupoxiotitj, either M regards 1Uought to be regarded and tw^ed with more than ordinary aoU- **Difne*s, noise in the head, and all disagreeable discharges• Mr. Sherman yesterday endeavored in vain to inordettofinishwiththeIndianAppropriationbill,Vauty,ordurability.N. EanKCHixn,teeue**,^_GENTLEMEN'SManufacturer of Gents' Bats, No. 118MMWMSUaVom tl>e Ear, ^peodily and permanently removed, without caus- and hear the speeches of various gentlemen who de- hig the least pain or inconvenience. A cure in all cases guaran-DRESSHA TS.teed where malformation doosnot exist.Tbirte«w years' close and almost undivided attention to thinsire toi be heard on subjects of general interest. Instead of work, the Houee preferred to rest from. would have been immensely richer, stronger, more are all American-built, hailing generally from New- "Guliiver,who,whileraisedsixtyfeetfromthe populousthanitnowis,aswedothatafarm York,canyingAmericanpapers,commandedbySFXIWOF ASHIOS* LOXDOXbranch of special practice has enabled him to reduce his treal^menttosuchadegreeofsuccessastofindthemostconfirmed itsarduousandexhaustinglabors. Butthiswaste and obstinate case* yield by a steady attention t o t h e mean*Jn»tpubHuhed,apamphletbyDr.Hartley,onDlSXAaBor 15thofFebruary. VictorHugohasaddresseda "pointoffact,abletoprotectyourselvesagainstGerrit Smith,. The astonished writer, who, beforo he left home, had the same sources of intelligenco So with Hardware, Glass, Pottery, Woolens, and with his neighbors; who had seen, without doubt,Boat and Oar Bazaar, NOR.248 and244 South-st sheisfora distinguished Club. Over 190 Boats on hand.POST AGE ST AMPS (3 and 10 cents), for sale a tfcores more of necessaries of life, which we are ever and over again, the announcement of tho much pomp and solemnity. An address to the " move your little motions—if you can still outrage paying atleast twobushels of grain whereone would pected of being engaged in the slave-trade-; hadgious services in commemoration of the death of JohnBrownhadbeenheldinvariousplaces,withf W««tl«7 Richards'* oelebrated Gtma..*~)Eley'sCapa,Wadding,andCartridges. "Parliamentandpeople,towhatdoyouoweit?"sufficehadweourworkshopsintheNewratherread,overand"overagain,manyaletterofpreciselytot**U*tf•for<H^ffor,, X^y ^d ModalRazors. ( Adams's Patent Rerolrlng Pistols.his Office.TO CORRESPONDENTS. WacannotundertaketoreturnrejectedCommunicationsNo notice can be taken of Anonymous Communications. What- " everisintendedforinsertion must be authenticatedbythe"PhiLinthropistsofAmerica"hadbeenadopted,in which (the citizens of Albany are specially alluded to.The bark Meudi brings u s Liberia advices to thetermoftwoyears—beinghisthirdterm. Daniel. Thesensitivenessofslaveproperty—thesamein thantheOldWorld. Ifitwereinourpowerto thesamecharacterashewouldatsomefuturetimeLACTONAH.—This superior Tonic and Ladies*Solaoe i s for sale at No. 4 Union-sonsxe; T . T . GKsax's, N o .TU«TGROVER a BAKER'S NOISELESSFAXH-T SSWIS^MAOKKC**. THXBUSTWU»JUNo. 495 Broadway, New-Y ork.No. 132 KultoMU, Brooklyn.SINGER'S SEWTNG-MACHINES.No 18ewing-MachineNo. 1 8«wiag-Maohine 907* SO 4feel himself impelled to write; he, incredulous and*, aptly described, in the remark that a pamphlet of pecies of manufacture imported, fully equal to unobservant of the state of facts which all these- Mr. Stephen on a speech of Mr. Brougham is suffi- one hundred per cent, on the value of the goods, w e might reveal to him, opens his eyes in utter amaze-862 Broadway; C C ? H X A N > , corner of East 22d-st., and a t No. 294 Canal-rt. Price 50 cent*.*»—SATURDAY, MARCH 3 , 1860.4th of January.WasirauguraiedPresident oftheRepublic fora Anditisshownthatinaservilewarthemaster thatwe shouldthereby increasethewealthofour theopennessofthetradein thewretchedinhabit-B. W arner was inaugurated Vice-President. T h e name and address o f the writer—not necessarily for publica- sugarJeane crops were fifty per cent more extensiveMillions per annum.But wise»men consider not merely what theyunder his country's flag, a n d is a t a loss t o knowOn the 2d, Stephen Allen Bensoncient to excite all the slaves in the colonies to rebel. would do it with the greatest alacrity, confident ment on the Coast of Guinea at the enormity and mustbe.theloser;forhis^enemiesarehischattels. countrytotheextentofatleastOneHundred antsofthatregioncarriedonbyhiscomitryraen,tion, but as a guaranty for his goodfaith.Business letters for T a x TKIBCXS should in all oases be ad- dressed to HORACB GKXBIJCT &. Co.Wttk the highest preminm for i a s Sewing Machine work: also to insure their finding a place. It is proper to add that", with Macaulay), axe the neceflBary consequences of their but let them be avoided if possible. I t is o u r to th e enormity of th e facts presented by those Ugheet premium at the Fair ef the Franklin Inst., New-Jersey VOTB of the disaster to the Hungarian. Only three political and personal degradation. They are not con-aHat* fair, etc., etc Agents- wanted. Office, No. IjW Broadway. a regular circulation of 2 1 6 , 0 0 0 copies, T H B WBB.KLY bodies have been found—those of a woman, a man, sidered by the law as Tinman beings. Tjiey must plain duty to submit a bill which the Senate will writers as the writers themselves, and insist thatj T 1 "' ' • •" - • - • •• i i •Boulrenhouse, of Sackvilie, N. B., and Dr. BarrettSlavery cannot long exist together."Such ia the philippic against Slavery by the-firstwriter of the English language in our day, and one wxiitfr vi me XinguBu language in our aay, ana one-THX WEEKLY TRIBUNE of to-day contains Gov.on thepoliticalissues ofnot be imported to any material extent—that Coalis to-day cheaper in our own country than in almostspeech deserves a little examination.In the first place, we are pained to notice the in-The Family Sewing-Machlne, A The Family Sewing-Machiae. Hemming Gangesthe possessions of the planter are restored to htm, they have been changed into a desert.Here, also, is an exhibition of the incompatibility between Slavery and Christianity, which ought t opoint that we ask the attention of the Committee of Ways and Means.W e utterly scout the idea of getting up a Tariff Billto its wickedness or its stupidity. It is something; less than a month, we believe, since we published a letter of this sort, and no doubt in less than a month we shall publish another. They are all; however,Ctrxx TdKUM with snccess, in effecting permanent cares of Her- nia or Rapture, at No. 2 Vesey-st. Ladies waited upon by a female in private rooms. Also, Txr8*** of every description for vermeaentretentionofRupture, BathingTrasses,Supporter*, Shoulder-Brace*, Sospensery Bandages, bilk Elastic Stockings, Xnee-Cay*, Anklets, and all Surgical appliances scientifically applied.t>7MAXSXA.Co.,No.2Vesey-st.,JN.Y.of New-York. v . -TM.. __-_.Beside a box belonging to the _ — 0— 0 -„ —country on a demand for more ? W e are sure it would not be.is, that it is a trifle less absurd in opinion and con- siderably less extravagant in style than the speech©* of Pryor, Keitt, and other great men of the South, who have seized upon one or another occasion,re-*>»0than last season, and are very healthy and promis- ing. Breadstuff* were more cheap and abundant than ever before in the history of Liberia; indeed, all soits of agricultural products were very cheap and plenty.Advertisement* in iht>Weekly Tribune. Merchants, Manufacturers, Mechanics, Real Estate Owners, and others, who have anything to sell, wiU do well to FTNXX.E «fcLYON'S SEWING MACHINESre- advertiseinTMKWKHKLYTxiBCNX. AdvertiserswillpleaseL M . Siaema fc Co., No. 458 Broadway, N. Y. No. ISO Fnlton-st., Brooklyn.to be defeated in the Senate, and thus make up a nissuewhereontogotothecountry. Itmaybeim- worthreading,anditistobehopedthatbyandbyAdispatchfromHalifax statesthatitisnowas- bereadineverySouthernpulpit:•atrod the Ugheat Medal at the Fair of the American Institute, to send in their favors as early in the week as possible, in order certained beyond a doubt that there are no suxvi- " The immorality and irreligion of the slaves (says possible to avoid such a defeat and such an issue; the American people will become as much awakenedWHEELER &, WILSON'S SEWING MACHINES.uW e prefer them for family use."—[Tiibuno. " They are the favorite* for families.'*—[Times.Office, No. 509 Broadway, New-York.STARRCUJIXICAT.I.Y P a a P A R K D G«;a,For family use- 25c. per bottle, with brush. FOB. SALX ivnxTWHRxa.Taos. JoHrfHox, Agent,No. 102 Fnlton-st." First come, first served." Any further sums which may b e DR. MARSH continues to apply his "RADICAL sent,us will bo applied in like manner.preacher prevail on his hearers strictly to fulfill their conjugal duties in a country where no protection ia given to their conjugal rights—in a country where theAnd lis the cost to clubs is but little more than theultimate value of the sheet for waste paper, it mightbeagoodplantotakeonecopytoreadandfileand lion;tndaHalfofreadersofthatSpeeehthroegh forpoeteritytorejudgethisjudgement.I t will be:. TBZ PARKER SEWING-MACHTNECO.,*««SJoe«ft>nyoaJJtheattention of the public to their newand another tolendand circulate. Fellow-Republicansof THE TRIBUNE alone. Wemaynotbeable to cir-Inmakingthisstatement,Irelyuponpersonal capitaloutofsuchassertions,eventhoughCoalPeeottftil,firsc-eiaa*,rapidandnoiseless,double-thread, Agents wanted. Offic*, 2io. 469 BXOAOWJLY.everyState!wetrustyouwill—atleastforthisyear—lend your papers to all who can be induced to read tion (costing by the thousand or more copies one,Necessary to a choice VOJ Mr. Ford94 For Mr. Seaton 951Remainder scattering.Steel, Cloths and Wares, mainly a t home, and the market for our Coal will immensely and rapidly ex- pand, even though the foreign be admitted Free.Having satisfied himself that Slavery is right i n the abstract, and that the Bible and the Deity sus- tain the right of the strong to enslave the weak, whether the weak be white o r black, Circassian,, Anglo-Saxon, or African, Mr. Lamar undertakes t oHere will be seen, hardly in its germs, but almost' Mr. Ford was declared ekcted. Mr. Morris (Dem., in complete development, those same great elements111.} was excused from serving on the Committee on Roads and Canals. He found fault with the construc- tion of the Standing Committees. Mr. Colfax (Rep., Ind.) reported a bill authorizing publishers to print on their papers the date when a subscription expires, and it was passed. A large number of private bills were reported, and the House adjourned till Monday.LEGISLATUBI.SSNATE, March 2.—Bills were introduced relative toof style which appear in the maturer essays and in the Ijliatory—mastery of language, clearness of state- ment, force, splendor of illustration, an irrepressible sequence of thought and argument, and that same whiji of scorpions, which he afterward flourished over! Barrere—-all these are conspicuous in this first effort wherein he gives utterance to the honest, gush- ing indignation of his soul against Slavery. Nowhere has ihis outrage inspired any speaker or writer to aBut we will not multiply examples nor arguments.Let the foregoing suffice. L e t us have all possibleimprovement in the Tariff, but do not attempt to> show that the "conditions and circumstances" ofthe duties of the State Prison Inspectors, and to theengraving of bank notes. Bills were passed allowingNew-York" City to purchase certain State lands, to pro-vide for the survey of the Connecticut boundary, for the West Indies; b u t it is just as applicable tothe relief of Luther Wright.bill was debated and amended.to a third reading was lost.' The bill for the better se- curity of servants' and laborers' wages w a s ordered to a third reading. Also, the New-Yoxk District Court bill, and to amend the charter of the Long Island Railroad Company. Adjourned.ASSEMBLY, March 2.—A large number of petitions were presented. Bills were introduced to amend theevening session, the Central Park bill was' passed. Afound testimony against Slavery, and not to dwellon the life or character of the author. If I fol- believe that w^ give expression to a. very commonare ourivaled. Th*y are light, eaay, durable, m d tit to a oharroulie shrinking, nor turafos; up behind. BATGH»IX>H>, HAIX Dra number of bills were introduced, among them one to In aiming to exhibit Slavery in its laws, withoutadjourned..In Committee the Canal A motion to order itt h e American people a r e supposedto haveculale quite an equal number of our Pamphlet Edi-recollections. More than twenty years ago—as well as more recently also—I was in the habit of meeting the great writer in the society of London; andIcannot forget that,atoneofthe earlieroffields and thus raise the price of Coal $1 to $ 2 oil;andthesecuresare»owonderfbJandinstantaneous,sosatis-I S-KWATJC,Starch2.—SeveralExecutivecommunica- representedandmaligned,thateverybodywillread theseoccasions,whentoldthatanAmericanhouse pertun,justasnextWinterandthePresidentialIV. A weekly (bi fromStJoseph,M< Salt Lake City: o $190,000 per annunY. A continuaiio: SaltLakeCitybyC to Placervifle, Caiifi-some $250,000 por i YI. A Spur from the Platte to Den-e Mines: Cost unsetV.H. A weekly i sas City, Mo., to S;—Nowwhatwe these maihs—which.—the following:I. ADailyMaljcnt employed on daysfromSt..Jos*! via Denver and £ a j Mountains either heads of the* A ri point, thus traversstriking thence as' Lake City or Cat Simpson's new rou| to Placerville an<l from Railroad cot the Pacific.H. Weekly b n in two-mule wagoi Fort Laramie if atIII. A weekly t* San Antonio, Tex* San Diego, Califi—These Mails the cost of the prt least double the pi animals, more wag| ning the presentWhatia neededis terfield and Salt La the chief mail on tous routes, abolisl one cetit each on Miesiesippi across ramento Yalloy fur fair chargeon all•cent charge for let veyedacrossthe]two thousand mi these changes, unc Pacific and Overl dered self-support Treasury, as they lion Dollars per aiWe are count -can be run in twoi a Daily Mail cantiiue for considei that would be reqi number of statioi running each mi hours o r less, amaller forceot would b e require than are now xeqij itous ones, i tconcentrate the-* ~I est were received. Mr..Wilson (Rep., Mass.) intro-duced a bill amendatory of the act providing for theexecution of the public printing. The private calen- deny that he makes good speeches, worthy the dar was taken up, and a large number of bills werepassed. The bill granting a pension t o the widow o fGen. Persifor F . Smith coining up, it was amended, onmotion of Mr. Seward (Rep., N. Y.), by including thewidow of Gen. Riley, when the subject was postponed.The Senate then went into Executive Session, aftervery positively protested against such collection, and said that he was so much against i t that he was unwillingtofurnishalist. NordoIdeemitoutwould actually believe that the new enhancement of duty on this necessary Of life was wholly or mainly he cause of this advance^—that a " Black Repub- ' lican" House had thus aided certain Pennsylvaniasimple efficacy o f this " Electric OiL"f- Pro£. De Grath. therefore, has deposited $100 with the Mayor, the same to be forfeited if the " Electric Oil," sold at Philadel- phia, fail* to oure a single case of Rheumatism, or Pains in the Back, or Limbs, Piles, Sores, or Boms, Fever Sores, Ulcers.Caked Breast, Sore Nippies, Bronchial Affections, Swelled Glands, Felons, Stiifness in the Joints. Sprains, Bruises, Sores, on man or beast, or Scratches and Splints on horses; also, Deaf- ness. Price 25c, 50c., and SI per bottle. For sale by BAXXXS ic P A X X , NO». 13 and 15 Park-row, and all Druggists and Dealers. Depot, Philadelphia, Penn.him fin ogre, but none that w e ever heard of who'attention and study of all. Will not Republicans of place to add here, that while his wonderful con-everywhere aid us to give this Speech the widest possible dissemination ?versationsion of eloquence and fullness, perhaps without a parallel, it also showed a character of smgular in- tegrity.PARK'SPXIOXI.TPmarxxA. whichitadjournedtillMonday. T«theEditorofTh«N.Y.Tribimt. Butthisarticleisnotaloneinshowinghissym-They Impart Strength; they Annihilate Pain!I beg to call your attention to an eloquentWhat the Coal-producing interest really needs, as intelligent men surely do know—is an expandedThesedelightfulPlastersyieldreadilytothemotion of the body, absorb perspiration, and throw off all the offensive coagulated impurities of the system. TheyHousx, March 2.—Mr.Adrain(A.L., N.J.) hadread a statementin reply to the resolutions of Mr. Car-SIILand characteristic article by Macaulay on Slavery,whichhasneveryetbeenprintedinourcountry, man,wasatanAnti-Slaverymeeting;andoneof andeagermarket,suchasthereinvigorationofBishis most stinging speeches at the maturity of hispowers, in the House of Commons,- bore testimonyto the depth and constancy o f this sentiment. A n dthis was natural; for he was the son of Zachary on Wares and Fabrics, with Coal absolutely Free,Macaulay,oneofthedevotedAbolitionistswho wouldbefarbetterfortheCoalinterestthan$100multitude of monuments to the illustrious dead,' if we except tho line of kings, there is but one other' instance of father and son enshrined in the Abbey, and that is Lord Chatham and William Pitt, whose- monuments a r e also distant from each other b yAmerican Slavery now. Mutato nomine, de te fab- more than the whole length of the nave. Such is.and who will only vote with us- because something must evidently be done. T o make" the bill odious to this class is to insure its destruction.THE NEWS FROM CONGO.Assomething to do with their own Government, and as it really is the fact that national legislation is influenced, and sometimes directed, by public opin- ion, when this is brought to bear upon it with suf-name, let UBput an end to it, or, in the name of theother place, let it alone. Either put our uselessand expensive navy to the useful work of suppress-ing a trade which the laws declare piracy, or elsethat the negro race has been greatly improved by being brought from Africa a n d reduced, t o Slavery in this country. " The African [he says] has been" borne up higher and higher, until now he furnishes " inspiration for Northern song," etc. But is-Mr. Lamar quite sure that the contact of the Afoican with the white race would not have been followed by still greater and better results,, if the white race had chosen to employ, instead of aaslave, the h4ack ? Is it necessary, in order to make a civilized»man o f the African, to deny him all civil: rights, tho society of his wife, the custody of his-children? The fact of African improvement shows, not what Mr. La-mar supposes', but another fact, viz: the- capacity of the black race for civilization and liberty. W h y not elevate them so fast and so far as they show ca- pacity of being elevated?' But no. If a slave shows sense enough tomaks) his way to the Northmore complete and careful condemnation.The article was called forth by British Slavery invla narratur. Every line bears upon the slave-drivers of our country with greater force even thanupon the slave-drivers of the West Indies; for au-dacity here has gone further than it w as everpushed in the British dominions. But it is interest-ing t o find h o w complete t h e parallel becomes.Surely, in the picture which Macaulay presents ofthe confederacy of illiberal men to support Slavery, at once on entering the Abbey; but hereafter thehe seems to write for us. " The slave-drivers," hesays, "may boast that, if our cause has received"support from honeat men of"all religious and po- with reverent step the simple tribute to his; father,dwelling on tho accumulated instances ef cruelty, he puts the case on the strongest greund, and here hisunimpeachablewitnessisthestatute-bookitself. But this same argument bears with eqpal force upon owr Slavery, ,so that, in reading his indignant exposi-feeling a t the North, in avowing our oonviction tt-at Congiess cannot do a better thing than to repealThe mails for Europe, via Southampton and tion of the West India jurisprudence, we mayABRAHAMLINCOLNofIllinoiswillspeakforthet i perfectly ftee " i s the phrase, of the Nebraska. ^Waihiflj/ton, fob.,I860.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069CaUfcatSg BUMNKJR, instructive, ia not surprising. It is curious to ob-our Slave States as in the British West Indies—is)mpoee duties, specific so far as may be, on everyTRIBVBXisthebestandcheapestadvertisingmediuminthe andachildtwoyears'old. Threebuildingshave becomemenbefore(heycanbecomeChristians. Cananot,darenotreject,ifwecandosoconsistently theGovernmentdosomethingaboutit,orstop>world.A limited number of advertisements are inserted for $ 1 perpretending to.liADIAR'S LESSON.that installment of justice in order to go to the have read it, and the highest praise we can give itHERRING'S P A TENT CHAMPION F»« andRiritdm-fr&d* ©A«U,Whh Hall's Patent Powder-Proof Locks, Afford the greatest security of any Safe in the world.». C. HXKXIVSfc.Co., No. 2S1 Broadway, opposite City Hall, N. Y .SPALDING'S PREPARED GLUE.Uaxrci. i s XVXXT H ocsx.Koa SAIK EYaxTWHXxx. Kaonfaetaradby H.C.SPAU>XHOkCo.,No.48Cedar-it., Post-Office address, Box No. 3 600.HUOHES, DUPUY & CREHANGE, 841 Broadway, 341have BOWin store, and are receiving b y every fresh arrival, a Lectures at New-Haven. We have no extra copies for Sixty [Thousand copies of it in our Daily and Weekly been shut out. That this blame may not fall uponlarge and varied a»*ortment o froK xioy VAXCT OOOM.Comprising in part,Frea-b and Chinese Fans, Hair Neta, and Headdresses, FancyHairPlnaandCombs,BeltClasps,Bucklesand Slide*, Paris Dresa Buttons. Garters, Watch Guards, Steel and OutJewelry,sale, yet we must say that the circulation of 222,000 cop- ies of that paper ia calculated to effect much good. A seditions, to which w e yesterday aided Twenty-Six the author himself, it m ay be interesting to knowNo. 3. THE ADMISSIOXVO? KANSAS. Seward'sSpeech. were also aboard.the earliest collection of Macaulay's Essays ever printed in England or America, I know not. U n - happily, this suppression was too much in harmonybeen obtained a t Barrington in which to store the goods which a r e constantly drifting ashore. The ship's articles, which have been found, showwith the great ends of providing adequate revenueline, eachinsertion."A Citizen" sends ns$5 to aidthecirculation ofGov. thatthe crew numbered seventy-four. Thepas- ever1 Inopposingreligiousinstruction, theyareinSBTTAXD'S late Speech. Wewill supply five hundredcopies sengerlisthad notyet beenfound. Theonlypas-therefor to persons who want them for gratuitous distribution. sengers known to have been aboard are W m . friendB in England do not know, that Christianity andMr. Lamar of Mississippi, a member of the House ef Representatives, has been making a speech. I tlatter],threetrunkshavebeenfound,onebelongingIQ^he ^ ^ers ofalltimes. AstestimonytoaWe hear, moreover, that an effort is to be madeto impose a specific duty of $1 per tun or over onMineral Coal. For what? Is there a miner so cently, to ventilate their eloquential powers at the ignorant as not to know that Coal is not and can- public expense. Here and there a point in thiato Margaret Robertson of Montre^ o n e t o -R^l •acred cause, it is priceless; as a contribution toGov.SKWARD'S late Speech in the Senate, with ABRAHAM the day, made in the Senate from 1 to 3 P. M. on with the received American system from that daySpeechLINCOLN'S at Cooper Institute in exposition and de- Wednesday, was received and put in type at tliis to this, whether in publishing Humboldt's work ohfence of Republican principles and measures, and Sen-American Coal by even three p e r cent.? N o t, inour judgment, by one per cent. Nor would it add called religious newspapers, who have for the last one per cent, to the average price of the Coal dozen years been doing their best to bolster up minedinthiscountry. Slaverybyscriptural exegesis. WhatsaysLamarThen what is the harm of such a duty ? about their learned rubbish 1 What respect has hoS E W A R D ' Soffice[bymidnightfollowing,andbeforeourpresses Cuba,theBishopofOxford'sworkontheAmerican of Wisconsin, beside the usual variety of Editorials stopped en the following night, we had printedand Church, or the engraving of Ary Scheffer'serudite biblical scholars, and able editors of so-ator Doolittle's Speech in defense of the RepublicansandNews,andtheclosingReportsoftheAgricultural mailedorotherwisedistributed Two Hundredand ChristusConsolator,fromallofwhichthe.slavehasand affording some relief to the depressed and suf- husband and wife may, at the pleasure,of the master fering branches of our National Industry. Suppose,or by process of law, be in an instant separated for the right. They know, though their misinformedfor instance, that it were possible to carry a Tariffthat would impose duties of .$10 per tun on Bar and$5 on Pig Iron, would it be wise or politic to reject is greatly praieed by some of the newspapers. W eWe answer, just here: The poor and the ignorant for their multitudinous, long-drawn, wire-drawn, Jsubscribersareoftenexhortednottolendtheirpapers, beforenoonthesaleofa,stereotypedpamphlet listsuppliedby^bim. Inthemodestyofhisnature, consumersofCoal—v*hoareatleastonehundred sophisticaldissertationsuponthecurseofCanaan?Thousand copies in o u r Semi-Weekly and beganedition on large and fair type. Every copy we he regarded his contributions to the reviews asthat the Ameriean collection was made without anywithout caring to gather them together.ieft on the mi ada nineffaceableimpres-monopolists of coal-mines to grind the faces of the saveholding. The voluptuousness of tyranny, andthe conspicuous fellowship of the two Pitts and the Macaulay s—lather and son—although most unlike in the circumstances of life and the services whioh have secured this common foothold of immortality.Of course, in each case tho father, »even with the ficient force, it is quite time, for the sake of our fame of Lord Chatham, has a new glory from the national reputation, that something should be done son. The resting-places of the two Pitts are known in relation to the foreign slave-trade. I n Heaven'»before the grave of the younger Macaulay, will seekUntitled Documentyear 1,859, and supplied our needs of that article a t lower prices, than any other nation on the globe.Whether the. slave conquer or fall, he is alike lostto the owner. I n the mean time, the soil lies uncul-tivated; the machinery is" deitroyed. And when would but also what they can do. And it is on this from his own Government is to be attributed mostany other? Would a duty of even $5 per tun on gratitude which Mr. Lamar displays toward thoseimported Coal increase the aggregate demand for learned doctors of divinity, eloquent pulpit orators,them.and $10 on Bar Iron, with Corresponding impostsSpecific Duties of even $5 per tun on Pigper tun on Coal "with no improvement as to theMetalsandFabrics. LetusmakeourIronand the"beneficentwhip,"ishiswarrantforSlavery.whether the effectual protection which i t receive*»»-v. ,<:.. www.fultonhistory.commmmmm 