 wsmPHOTTHE AFBNlI HITE-TUOI. I«Mer^f>-<< -~All^i tridlrg, dswn alQiif the Coastrovis is only- sustsinedjn a half dying struggle by of tlM North will atlll clasp the handa of those of coider BAaSAia ssM that hU cohBseHoB wmto her.the aid and eneovngeident it receives from the the South aa . ire/Asrs ; that they commiserate sreded In that sense Its termtnaUoD. NotwUkstand-^ the^snsrlcMTaadtMued a warrant for the arrest ofW •fHldar •»- CD tke BilU of tte OfT*^*«*« <m TOW to run, OB the 1iotereet, without limitation, the t* Moneyitaitt'iD -fUutUK Wbaaed whUe at SanbeTker«lBs of fnterestide fiwttonal ate-tte 8U*e-tr<><le> upon lellabte inibniiati«B,X leceiTedthem. He oonld not have had be wished so to do.onbbudbythe lifaval Storekeeper atKew-Tork prevent the exteoaim^ an institution productive C*art ef Special Seealons.tohopedat Ho. 51 LIs-before Josttoe CossouTdeposited in five days wttk the Sub-Treasnret. oompalkfoa a^ong bidters wiU be on tha-PaolodeLoaodo,fomwhererojI«»t"'tf200toosIMSakntheainountstatedtohavebeen catastropheso thattheydesireindeedto tehU^on EUenSooOTan,ayonare^'ttta- tmtniVo be considerad. •rteBSjrfc&e openmarkotUdated. ItmaynottoTe entirely e«=«^^quarterscoUectiod rf ilMtanthropbtaofthe dis- ^.Iberforce befoMtaUfay. Tlda, however, at a consumption of such dreadful evDs, but are willing to leave Justices Kkllt, Welsh and Bbowkkllslances. One last week she net tlie aocusad at, 6®7 «r cent oa immmtday kMBs, and lOaiJ •of the Ifessieurs BiQis would be an- nnled, aM the odious traffic under the gaise of free emigiatkm be pat a stop to. It is fair to infer that, with tliia official announcement, backed as it wasthat the great body, of the Englishmust, necessity,five cr six Cotton States east of the Missi-isippi.uce and Hiscellaneons Goods $3,6<2,4fil, $'2,112,863 the correqionding week last seaaaii.~tto Specie bslsnce in the Sub-I'reasiiry on S^urday aiilemoon stood $3,939,301, againat $2,SiS3^, at the clos* <tfthe previoos week. The reee^ £k« tiie ofEce on Saturdayinclude about $400,<iM on aecODfractbyqiienily li'Uod in the fire-place. The prisoner intro- duf'eo a witness wt o swore to having seen hlo pur- nhsfe tie jhsm ttie dny before, and another wltoess swi're that he lerit htm (ome money fur the purpoie-agaiast'(he pabUshed report of Prince Xapolxor,border States, their position will be much better invery chesp, aud ibc purchawr haJ been warned thatUskoCSeersoDtk« iaa«B*a—Tka fshs, the conififloW (he Sbny^ bir«oy_-_-jt, conseiIkiiartytothia ^id>iottandiiste»to0-Uie bewildered aaHd^vedrioPLB offlfe'Bouih the extent of the which their selfish wrongleadershaveinflictedonbothsections. LetallIn-AsaodatloB to answer Iks demands bomthsia- tetiorbyexpress.AsaeonaUanideamountofgoiil baa gone tothe BoMk (about $100,000 a day,) aadyet been made, wePralui•'^KS.rnumIHmui,atSxa,jprosperoM.^gIvaBtotberiNnovalofIhethe Foieifnlace^tshsvs look for no very large addhhaiIMtiT, Biffc I. ISW*.*the ofErers ot tbe Couit bad Iwen agTeeable,.apd ke re-for5!^?5 rates of»' "»'"'• oiers for to $6,000,000,of U we nuke out first plunge'The magistrate tbobght therejwas gioandgoMUpi Afika, aod,into tbe IndJan OceanTI de»t(e to say »_»*ColoniijaliooSotsiet) dt the United States.At Loando we took on board 74fi tons of coals,their situation, and are willing to make any rea-Iks his boneity of purpose, the putiUe Press had from time to lime Bade vioent attacks on his oonrse, and prironers tiles be*oie Mm oera often retried and re-fortrial, motwiihstandia. her protestatloBS of innocence.for qbe monent, and though HH. Biois may notmalap ao good a thing out of their contract, on ac-eoqnt of the increased value of the black since the hold space below andKngllah va. Frenclu Bo0ebMlB-for trial, and the lad was detainedfMa witness la theFranch Govermnent entered with them into themarket in conipetition with theders, yet the trade atill goes on, as I have the best aathsrltyforstating.her rights and tbe defence of freedom, the North will scrupulously, and to the Utter, fulfill everySales at tke Ntaek Bzekaage—Dio. 22. St '90. 78 IDS E. Bank 90ingtoB. According'to tke Cnstom^nae iablMiif tk«l«at ke 'visited the station in the Con- g<b, -where he was politely received by the FieMb agent, and ahown over the barracoons. The wMIe system of purchase, training andm,H^Miappren- ticsahif waa also explained, and he saw the ne-tional check, willspeedily1* 1,000 Hich.8o.lat U.S. 77^ 26 U. S. & N.Ia.G.Stk. 3t(incladiag Fatrign articlesto Dee. IAdd three weeks la aersiabsrjregular negrotra-""after the moot careful stowage, aod which ia nearlyavoidJoseph Petry, keeper pensrd-street,wsssrrslgnedas wellthe Union, protected by its guarantees, than be-ttils fact was sU»pli'iuU8;""Saturday, ehsiged bywoman ef sixteen years, vrlth taaslw abducted herfrom Boston, Mass., under the foUoudacfWindustryappliedagiieulta-trlkl, <he statute was peremptory.Taitons nKMlcDs oere iben made for the dlsohargenexteompialhaatv^^U diapatcbed under this contract wu boarded which a whale4>oat could not have lived and c^mneMt stafinchtUm, five nete let off by of oomplainant, odereo to lake tier in cnarge. She assented, ImttM. a spark may blow it to destruction. requestastomanuallaborandia at a very low ebb, and what withsaw the llaen tt was drtly taimt- iu upda aJlse in ttoiaid, aad assooa as ih* hadAll aglW In sUttog that persistentcl'iSret .not, on a motion brought wtienooly two sed,butthatafterthethirdtermwUhamonly partial of depoalu;The extent of t>e limited to the lijg ai>y h>m In Ms possession, though it was subse- tlon.permit the men to get in, or lash their hanunocks conven-—SDPEEMK COUBT—CHAKBUIB.iently—should be raised three feet, to give morevs. John H. Livermore.—engagement required for the peace of the Slave It appears that the plalntUT and defendant vrera $l,(lOOTendno. Us, 793$ 10 Afemnenr.icCaonal Co li; since, owingstruction of the ship, the wails of thia deck couldonly be pierced for nine ports of a side, a full bat-guns,MeyerThis isof 40 of nine-inch say Dahlgren'sTtads at tba pott of Kew-Toil(,iiR«iaiaa pariDersanddidbusinessforsometimetogether. 6,800TirginiaStatess19 ISOHarlemBaUroad...U)i moatkaoftkscalendaryear18(0,wklckwsmadaaptery,shouldThen, with another deck thrown over this, capable of sustainine three or four eleven-inchpivots,4,000that by a vol- COOS N.Caralina StSs ;«;«IForaigato their former French masters ? But yet JohnBoll, with all hu< sturdy liberal philanthropy, scarce-ly makes any difference in the mode ho ado^fta in leaders, and the situation and convictions of the folly of traitors, will come the anuthilation of wMcn tbe deftndaiit Is tie fatntr.50 do 830 75 Tenn. St. 'DO. 200 do 75)4These are two -fold, namely this same negro business. His cruisers pounce masses in the Slave States.:at. averred b> tne plaliitilf, was tlie Plnh of a cuud, of 1,000 do OS, K78it 60 do b3a75li BurUngton aud Qulncy..,Slavery, already foreseen (cide Toombs' speech)canization of the Gulf States. A nation of negroes till for others, and Leone or St. Helena.where alter the captors are paid bitivn. This passion is modified and colored by tbe scheme of Mr. Jeffebson, for iho colonization £( staling head money, tbe blacks are shipped off tradition and success. South Carolma, where all of the slaves, will be realized upon our very thres-to British colonies as apprentices, icithaut pay. Has disunion movements originated, was never deeply hold.The remnants of the white race will be driven toanybody ever seen or even heard of the first negro imbued with the spirit of Bepublicanism. Her find an asylum in the great embrace of the free who ever came back to Africa; or if one did, has ho politicians are the descendants of men devoted to North, while%he unfailing compensations of Provi- ever passed safely through the country of his own the aristocratic forms of English government, and dence will consign their plantations and their ci-'i Ills sciii n was to recover in bruu^htan 6,P0odo830 69too150 do1. The moving impulse of the leaders, as de-bgapi, and tends them for condemnation to Sierra veloped by every circumstance, is personal am- will own the soil which they nowpanic feeling present politicalduring anydown a vessel with a living black freight on uponcc'iiHiiered afi a hu^biud.Tlie plainiff n^akuig out her case upon the trial, tbe25 dn15U hich. So. i N. 1. K. 14man-stealing race and reached his desolate hut ofwho brought with them the license, the irreligionties to the enfranchised bondmen. Then, the great question which shall convulse the Cotton Strifes,Orders af Kefcreece—Are they Appealable fSO dodo... .810 29 do. ..sl0 2>K do. sa do. 3an do.. 30a .home in the far interior ?I opine not ;and theand the tyraimical spirit of a vicious aristocracy inSCPKEIOBB«fDre JudijtM EoQ'inan, WoodiBff,b3043}8 100 43!4 500 26uGal. « Chi. R...opg G4Jt 100at, was,of power to be wielded re- only difference I can perceive between Ihe two its worst days. During the struggle for indepen- spectively by the pure blacks and their pale breth-expensesfor in barter reduces the cost tained feelings of affection for the Federal Uniondispatchesw|i]eh being paidfuU UW per cent. ;in the bnaiBess at Loando that the blacks would personal and State aggrandizement and power.sell on an average, irrespective of age or sex, for Always arrOgant and exacting, they have ever$1,000' a piece Uie day they were landed in Cuba. been ready to accompany their demands with the order of the Court."and I waa assured by a man they have simply sought to make it a means of kabe*M corpus \)j iQii%9 NoaTOif, at Jollet. aod served OB Mr. BsacH yesterday, eommaadiog taat ttie twoBepublicanmeet the question in season to prevent the aqiar-of every description and therethreats, and to darken their threats with treason. Beared amidst the barbarisms of Slavery, their viitnes have l)een diminished and theirDeductremains at' least 800 per cent, clear profit, whilesugar and tobacco are still going up in the maAet,ar¥l the demand for alave labor in- vices aggravated by the exercise of un-LAW COURTS AND POLICE. Noyes respondents. Decisions.constantlycreaaing. In iact, the only way to clieck or stifle limited power over a race of servile lavages. Temlner. Port //.—Nos. IMI, 1004, S270. 1S03, IS72, tlJs inistnal inhuman traffic is to apply the moral A natural desire for domination has grown to 378, 1»9«, 201J, 2018, 1967, 1988, 1969. 1990, 1586,331,to the throat of or else a cor- that tliat it can be satisfied the un- 738 83». 18«0. luei. 801, 486. 1224, 1012. 10133«, 1X78,a season ofdecided than the momentoua nature of tiie ^iss-garrotte Spain, keep donoflivelysteamgunboats aroundtheislands whcte Die markka exist.excess, qnestioningonly submissionofallwills.by Foreseeing1363, aii, 74, 139, 13«», 1373, 1S39, 195S, 390, IWJ, ja72,cases settled.80PERI0B COUBT QENERAL TEKV.of tbe crisis, but ought now, to a con- siderable extent, come forward by rail, at least in the shape of Flour. Present too,tion wouldAnd such as it 1% is couateiactad'fimtt is now on l>oard this frigate, a manshippedJuliOcS.Adrniiistratrix tt al,—Judg-in the same Away. ad-vance has taken place in Cotton, on the and spot,about S'o.Sat IiODdon, who was the steward of the slave ship659, 6i9, 349, 887,391.AlgerRaymond,8UPEBI0R CeCRT—SPECIAL TBRM-Erie, recently captured by the steamer Mohiccm.6i0, 8t8, 496, 382, 870, 672, 144, _prices, sympatheticports,from nsture,isfoundintherapidriseofteng€rctmt.sk^iper, named KatmsH, who, after devoting three ha&d, are inspired by an ever-present and absorb-.cent, per annum, and the increased rate of Ex-drawningStocks for the London market. This rsacticaaaoMjeara in trading voyages, finally carried awhen heof terror. Conscious of tiie elements of wrath cargo ingchangeagamst Domestic Produce from 1 toagainst the large short interast is msde thecoals to from Havana,sold his which the institution of SlaveryhasinAlfred Buchanan,Indicted for tbe murder of Mrs.^for years, the probable loss of power in the GreneralGovernment, they have gradually nerved them- selves and each other to the alternative of revolu- tion, and the establishment of a despotism whichvnUnot be called agahi this term.Ssrsaioa Cawt —fitn l.—tiot. S3S54, 55,767,961,Port //.-Nos. 640, 830. 686, 696. 882, 864, 866, 890, 18, 754, 522, 502, 56. 412, 438, 498,Before HofTmiD, Woodruff, VuDcrlef, Bobortton and Witlta, will probably induce a large amount of\ta, 644, 486, 504, 990, From this individual, who is a Dutchman, I have shall be as absolute as that of the black Kings 142.cent, in the Southern99,000 bales were sent to Europe last week. in a few in the shares of tlie New-YorkgatheredthefollowingparticularsThe Brie was from whose jungles they bring their slaves.C«aTtarOjerSaturday waa the arraignment and pleading of two prisoners.v». Cona'U et al.tion for new trial denied, wiih coses and extra alon mercantile ne- days,and Erie uid Illinois Central Bosds, grow-:umA Teralner.Shields,vessel to one Walsh, for $M,000. Most of the their midst, they arc jealous of all influences tend- Sarah Sbancks, in Twelfth-street, wasputto the bar Cowlcs.crewremahiedonboard. Theslave andpleadedsotguilty. . ^ , , BafbrelodgeEomrorth.Theshipped at night and stood in boxes in the lowerThe one dread thatLeonard Greylord, also pleaded not guilty.The Court tben adjourned to this momng at 10 o'clock, for the purpose of sentencing several prts-—the provldons uf section 12-2 of tbe Code, and defend- ants are entitled to tbe relief a-ked.B«foT« Judge IVaita.h«|ld4» and the ship saUed on the 11th of last nwly.'the command of a man calling himself Capt.byfollowsreceipt during$4,041,600inof Portland, and alattar «r whom died in Africa. OnOBiH>,By steamshli^ptnEauropa $S4S,IIM Steamtlilp 330,OM Steamship il(fan(ic SiO,000 SitamshlpPersia 3,100,000the CongO^' •ejr pnsed up 180 miles Irom the mouth, when, *fter lying 61 days, they received on boardfound fears and it easy to play upon theBar«r«Jadge Hlkue.Brmiii ft al. vs. Van Cullen, et al —Motion to strikeoutpartofseconddefencedenle>l,wittico'ts. Uaryatt vs. Harrington et of.—Motion granted, withcosts.TWtle vs. Pratt —A non-bailable attachment to is-the island of Cuba on the return voyage;Conscious that fromlarceny, six months to the Fea-$600,000 or £100,000 in Sovereigns, were hnported foraccountoftwooftheCanadaBanks,bywhich Centralan early exchange of American Gold, now abund- ant in Canada, will probably be made. It is also likt ly that further exchanges will be made throughbeingseparated only ;tUs the contract made with the owners at Ha-such aPeliee Heparts. BIRODLAS BEPOeiTOBT rOB ntEASITBE.reachmgpassions nature and habit governed mora byby thanstock rose to 34 la the immediatelyApril,haunts theof the day, and the planter bya series of mis- their black cargo. Ify Informant farther declares representations to persuade Aem that tliehrIn this Court, on Saturday, the District-Attorney moved for an order Tequlrlng ihe Sheriff to draw aaftemooE,andS8ionSaturday,onthefiwt trans-and children arevana. Tlie steward's share was to have been $t by a glass wall, liable any moment to be shatteredstepshorror tiiat broods over bis household by night, iscertificates than was found to bs withinof a raceand the cashimpulsereflection,andbyBorussia Havana tteamerTfgetherWith $1,220,000 from California and $638,000 alreadyfrom Europe, already advised by telegraph, to and sent abroad. The circumstance that thasales of this party were made on tks of the Atlantic's mail on Wednesday. t»that there was $il^000, in doubloons, secreted ina Use 'bottom of tks saparcargo'a trunk, whichescaped the search which was made by the offi-cers of the Mohican amongst the personal eflecta, thousands of semi-barbarousand which trunk and money weia afterwards Africans, or but slightly removed from a savage •xtara part eonld hold a setiion, all the public roomsbsiag at present oecopied. It would be a needless ei- aeais to the Gooaty to have a aoubla Jury-roll sun- moned. With tlM present accomoiodailan there couldbrethren of the North cherishism and hatred, which would derive gratificationfrom the horrors of a servile war. Surrounded slaves,—Case resettled. Keeltr^B. Matttaon.—Case settled.landed at Loando on the arrival of the prisoDBis at origin, they can easily, in thethat place. This money was taken in befote leav- pressed and m-conceived passions, reading Havana, and was intended to pay oS the offi- of vengeance which shaU surpass the nn- be but one part sitUBg at a time.Carltr vs. CkuTCkiU et al,Jalbaa Jadge Brad/ceia and crew of the Erie, so soon as they sighted rscited atrocities of an AfricanThsMlowlaB pilsonsrs, wbo Iiad been connctea,granteJ, with with the previous ample stock of specie in Banit, no Ueved, and \hie Persia.wivesa bead for every slave alive ia the vessel when in ignorant of tlie true senthnent of thesightofCuba,andbefortlanding,whiletherema- readyineveryshadowtoseeaJohnBrown,and vesrsasdlosiBonthsWisnlSUtaatteoPnriCtoun-.nes,fornetstloa to the crew was fixed at $3. At this in every breeze to hear the knell offigure, the steward would have pocketed about$2,500, and the sailors $l,fi00, to say nothing of aamall'vanture the former hsd on hand, or to use'iKleineban, for Prison.fekanfous assault, sUty days in City,» . 'for felonloas assault, sentence sus-an act do, Bock Island and Hichigan ofhis own " four as niga as ever was of and of reason, and which has""jI^ Chatterton, for reeelijng stolen goods, two elrcumstances conneeted with the iisa. and if her j>t value was repealed, and a ri<coinage charge of Preference shares of tke Harlem Company. Ttewords, likely prudenceclapped eyes on," and all purchased with an old them to face even the dangers of revolution, as awheels. The vessel and fancied sole alternative for those still moreyears and six montbs hi State Pruon.Cbsrles G. Thompson, for forgery, two years andtliee months In Slate Prison. „ „ ^ ,, ^Motion was then made by Mr. Brady, counsel forHomer B. indicted nearlv a year for BawUas, ago,embenlrment from the Overland Hall Co., that theThis advance in New-York Central for the week ia but it is ex- 3 to 4 IV ceat, but withont any partlenlarsilver watch with cargowerevaluedatamillionofdollara; thatis, by tlie sanguine ownera on board, before the Ifo-Willi na^inybadly, at present,overcome either ment or combination on the stock, whichMun desired shot, to heave to.prisoner be dlscbarged, on the pooad thtt nore that at tbsn two terms had passed since -the in<11etm«Bt, the statesman, should be to instrucfcrthe erring and wlibout his belD^ braught to trial. Tne moilon was Sedgwick for the people, and tbe Re-earlyrustyoperatesmedium of a round Whh retpect to the colony at Monrovia. From therecounts we received from our ovrn and theEng-of thepunish the guilty.Let, then, the Anti^Slavery North unite with writing out aa opinion on the statute, for ditchargLngthem, throaghtheClearlytheremedyChristian,asimproved S cent., andthe leadingBiilwaymortgageadoom, people have bllen easy victhns to the demagoguesself theusforianatsloserofiDg her ausplclnn that Mary Moran, her mnid of all and American is held in excess. By work.bad s'olen the money. The fair complilnint was of Congress, passed in 1853, the currency told by Justice DusasaiaaT to make an am.Iavlti>r the tender mint weightSouthern which hsve gone up from 6 to 7 t|^ cent,feelingsof ftnatie-Insue, retuFsable in four days. Holland vs. Sjui'-r.—Order settled. flact et al. vs. Idcllvain.who play upon their fears, and have been aroused Francis to a pitch of desperation which defies the restraintstkatooppwed by If r.as dowcbjectionto the latter seems to be the already re-m n. KnfsoT.of the»ith the object of tecnriur it from thleras. in tbe U or some regulation by the As- than the special object of attack or support jastitaxice urder cr.nsii'eraflrn the luissin,; bsinft n'lt^^s— subject, temporary Securities have also bemR aSl.loe and $.'>lO bill on ilip Cneml'-*! Banlt. sociatfd Banks through the Clearing house. The now. The Stategeneratedcent. have beenimproved facilities of;atrumcntalities, official and^e private—to the Bank or Arerateprintmg- press, the forum, tttsi s«Zont-fae qsadtoliiow that,Specie to r^V'Jgg<»«>ftonijreeentkppearact^ Thelal parsultathe idleness and improvidence of the setUsis, anunhealthyfUljiate,.andvariousothercauses.Ifon- howeverpoliticiansmayfaUfythefacts,thefeofle ofbisretlrli'gfomthe criminal Iwach, InreplrRe-mlad. AabemadeupMasonable sacrifice to alleviate ita rigorawould by every means witliin their power avert a thl>,that sowhich vras all di^ bunkers eonid possildy hoki far from wiaUng to incite servile insurrection, they MLleiiced«:bool. ereo on the American «idetl*tae« two yean ago, the firm of MM. BMM, screw per miante, gives us in a amooth sea ai>out own way, and to observe to the letter all obliga-at MaraeBlea, ooBttscted with the Fieach Govern- 7 knots apeed'per hour for 23 days. It was at this tions imposed by the Federal Constitution.black emigranU on the Westo/^AtUnUc,posed of large Caleiuiar of 83 tons « day, and as many revolntlona of tbe those whom aas foUowsit now curses to deal with it in theironOf twenty-two persons charged with assault and the railroad d^pot in Boston, and in Introduced hbn-, c?"^ .«»(,th!»^»enr -J»«»t elaaa, of doiMs.date we caq^ down the ,West Coast to the Cape of Once let the people of the South uniertlandrnnUkewiae b9 lemembeiad that when the fitat Isnticwjpgst tlien has beat no braeas or sea in tion. ,Tkt Iru* tajetr) of the South win rep'se t*o «f re dUchaiged. no witnesses appeartiur against ber that be was traveling la the safne lureisdon andBMOt to enlist 30,000Ooaat pt A&ica, and to convey them to the French Good Hope, passing i( oia the 17th ult., in 63 days the Ave sentiment of the North, and the collapse a po>t|«oe<iieiit granted, two were fined, and fire momemtooB in Cayenne and to the West Indies. It from Sandv Hoc^' Indeed, during this entire At- of the Iwbble will be more rapid than was its infla- viefe tinpriM>n«d.ratff:A|tir9l«tt<|rkHdi.ae«Mp«-Hew. o&nitopayantl,MO,CO«CaaalLoaatobe to awarded at Albany arWadnss&iy next on certifi-In case of a division of the Union, the NorthernSlave States must become border States puA TIBT HEATT BOBBEBT.A few nights since the office of Hlnes & Stagman, dealers, In Thirtieth-street, between Tenth and Eleventh avenues, was visited by burglars, who can led away about *58, most of which was In copper coin. Suspicion pointed to a boy named Johnto the con- legislation, and compelled her to the assertion ofMosesan action to dissolve a partnership, and came up on a motion for an injunction and receiver.MONETARY AFFAIRS.bemountedonwhatnowisthe deck. States. TheFugitiveSlavelawwillbemadeless spardaTbe French have three factories or stations nowin fall operation on the Coast—one in the CongoBivei, aaothar bi the CMioon, and the third in low bulwarks, and an increased surface to the and not the nullification of Federal decrees. Vir-One of our officers informed bladesof the the ship would be by long aixl will be left to deal with I4iang9 Bay. propeller, ginia Kentuckyom at Iioando that some time in April odds, for fightmg or running, the most formidable Slavery in their own way. If made border States»mji aH.a8l.M>of Demastic Pmlucs sad HlMaMMMriiiql^antagonist tlie naval world has ever seen.Tbo« Blob.Tks FhJIaaaphy afDUuIaB. tks Editor oftlu Nev-Tark Titut :(0 da60 do60 do 49)i2aaM.3a.AN.Ia.R.... UHnresult in a species of For the last twenty years I have watched activity in slave property, which must be calcu60 do 360 do 725 dob4 MX 14><with.b30 363^200 Beading Railroad.. asJi adto % 11 1. 1and more efficient ;bills will seell only the protection of free persons,Jointly onoing a stock of goods, ha.lations and njade a seitlemeut tietweeo themselves. 16,000 do426ISO Har. R. PrefdoUSi 36M 36)tw^ksForeign MarchaMUae from Jan. 1 to Dec I, aaaua*-otijecticnbleMissouri St. es..IS 70^600....bWaadpaUiatwdafewago,tlietotalsatrins ofoutside of the Union, on the contrary, the North will be restrained by no legal obligations, and her Anti Slavery sentiment, relieved from all constitu-2,000 Erie B. Bs. '<5...49K 49)tclosely the greet contest going on in the United lated to produce frequent collisioas, and end, per-in a veasel then lying in the river. Slave labor. Thrown into the vortex of this con- There is little doubt, that in the choice offered oeliniiant, hi order, as he &ala, that he might make a 1.000 Cbi.AN.VJdM. 17 200 dogmaago through the gynmastic exercises theyhyd, been taugiit, and who were atxiut to be States between the rival principles of Free and haps, in national conflict.32U Total «• date.sh^iped awayMimr; we will assume that under thia system, the test, I have aeen the two systems brought face to to Louiaiana, she would remain with those whoserifcilil OweraaMBt act in good £iith, and contract &ce, and purduu^ % precious experience of the commercial interests the Mississippi Biver tias wMkttese emigrants or their chiefs to take them nature of both, as well aa the principiea and im- indissolubly connected with her own. Incase, to Cayenne or elsewhere for a certain period—say pulses which move the contending parties. During however, her politicians should succeed in con-»«!,» ^)B9MiThe HUM taUes (with aa eiror ia tha te(-,HH ing corrscted,) maks tke Czport of ^ada toH S7!i New-Toik ftom Jan. I to Dec. 1 . . .the present crisis, I have carefully read the expo-sitions made by individuals on botli sidesried to the river Congo, or either of the stations my own views, as those of one, anicoated, indeed, fins-whence they embarked. Now, since these by the Anti-Slavery sentiment, but still deeplysympathizing with the dangers and perplexities of my Bouthem brethren, and desiring to purtray facts and infer consequences, in the light of liis- tory, of humanity, and of reason.I shall consider the question under these heads,trolling her public sentiment in favor of secession,of the clerk of the firm under aa order of the Court; and the Court ordered the case to stand over until to-60 Pacifi: Mails. Co.. 82 10 an da 81M 60 322N.,Y.Cen. Railroad 78 los 2G0 dodo do do do6754 snwk STAdd since 1st DesasAar Total to dateten and at tiib expiration of that term, to years—ptf tkem down the amount of franca due for their—laKttt and dien to bring the aorvfvors if any canwill be loosed from the m^tn look better, say for example, they are car- standa. Through your columns 1 desire to give mouth of that great river which, with her tributa-confess that I have nowhere found ab* litend—safely back to Africa. To make the and dispassionate statement of the case as it,poo^ Ignoiant, brotish wretches are brought inevsty instance from anjrwhere in the Bush, fromfive handled miles to the very heart of the conti-neBt, wtUi acores on scores of hostile tribes be-tweeti Aem and their orlglual homes, what wouldbe Uieir chances of reaching those homes ? Does namely:—opg<*.-___-- GuaranteedIt 4SUtit iwt seem more than probable that before theyliad Curly lost sight of the sea coast, theywould again be captured and either sold"for As middle passage," or again disposed of1. The cantes of the seceition movement. 2. The remtiy for the evil.3. The cansequencet of disunion.tearful rate by imporiation and natural causesbold and intelligent spirits that chafe under tbeyoke of bondage will be compelled to indure thechagrin that feeds upon their souls, till time shallbring the inevitable opportunity, and the horrors*a44 200 do.,S6 44K 6U8 CNheiwc-.Bur.kQnR.i.n../K.1624LTRX CAUSES or TBE SECESSIOIT KOTIUEHT.wefejealoufly regarded by herself, she wtw eeduced b> him uijder piomUe ot mairla^e. Tne oefendaat44!li| Jersey SXCOItn BOABH.but Itrue, thorough the great Northwestern States, can suppose for;no one conscious of the strength and character ofdefendant an this new mutter.to answersioesv '.sisoe^same time last Decrease tUsvesr.'.now a moment that theirA. U. Salter and Wm. Wf. Nlles for plalntUT; J. C. Ilowlanolordefendant.lOO do 620 do 200 do 100 do150 do16\ 92^82576H HCI.kPltisbnrghR. » slO 76 60 Galena s Chic. B.C 64cocBsnortkesxocK-ixoHAieavoaengraspries and her valley, forois one of the chief sourcesof tbe wealth and of the Union. Come powerwhat else may, Louisiana will be allowed to se-\and thus the tide of disunion must breakvs- Wm.Parker.cede,upon her eastern boundary.This was an damages for an al-aXMH 300 do29St 2S)t 28Michigan Mlchigwn SouttieraCentralMlchlgaaToleaoGalenaIllinois Central. PanamaPamhcMail MissoniisVirginiasTeuneseeesIllinois Central Bonds Hudson River Harlem FrelerredM om gAnd what will be the consequences to the new ration ? In either TSSselEeXTotton States will have for a time the same barrier as now against thetjjLservant^rLtorecoyerbreach of promise of marriage, on tke part of610 36 SlO 37150 do do121s<ftlSli45^4Ui( 23i(«si«Jtjtf Sl««S«aMMtM MJiMB^aCy li3ai2I«II9Jf 78kM>«alJf tt«701i«MJt 74«77Ji Tl«ne»n)t 863i«8l)it«e8M 38]t«45«431( 31 Ji OS5 It «3»V fi3K««4«6iHarlem (CommonThe Stock Exchange dealings of tlieescapeof slaves;c3B;t 150 do Sl061](theirperils.— allTbe plalnilff avers that she went into the defend- 30 Hudson River R. ant's seivice In April, 1E5S, and thit after some pre- 25 dolimitfaiy noves on the part of the defendant, wnlch 100 do....46 200 do 515461H00 N.y. Central R.,.. 7534but this very fact will increase While the blacks will multiply at aof St. in hamletDomingo reappear every blazmgThe motives of the and pillaged mansion. Then, prociuitated by theiielanii. Tne itiiijtof ilie mtc-roour.-e tndi>f parties,in the future themselves, and with it the .Afri- by:-0,(KjOCarolinaSt.Oa79^75',; 76 Chic. iR lal.R ... 53were marked less byweek of the There wastbe sectional queations which divide ttie North aadSouth. Eventhe ordinanceoiSoutk parchmentThe latest feature In tliiacase is the issuing of a writ ofAppea.sebUdreo, Maet, aged eleven,and HiaauiT. t<vo agedextieme depression, which adds about two millions liollurs to the value of the stocks of Flour and Grainnda-half, be brought before him forthwith, to awaitCtxle; Perry v>. Mooie, 2 E D. Suiiib, 3.J ; R.. 2:il. Decision re^erved-Osnit Cnlendar—This Dat.continuedoranrla for counsel. which were almost immovable duringXhe extreme— BtTPUm CotJET—ClBCtriT.-Part /. Oyer andgoodEnglish Markets,sions of rather than a record of private belief^1084,1724,1337.Scrasas Ceinr—Spsciai Txaa. Theprices,by the English market newa, which cotttinaea tocome especially encouraging for Western (Sraia,andtheeaaeinMoneyathome. Anothwrsupportto of a rather than intiinsie_^ „,. , j — calendar—imply.;seven had sentence auKpended, eight were renuided, deceiver placed ber on tbe train bound to New-York,oH'flife Coast, with a panaant ather mast-head and in perftct aafety ; and so &r as the elementa were Let thoee facta and principles be understood, aud eighteen were Imprisoned, and three wen acquitted' and she w aa half way to the City befbre she dlseorersd' stock at'M^aUOMrAr'^MpMMa oaks bee.thetenponqMstioBbutamerely gentlehissingripple,like theneverceasetheirexriied muchspecie,referred theto the Burean ofhaving de- On tbe 15th of Ust^ISgW( ^, cat.^^^;Mhera- 9NDch nary officir qnarter-declt, coDoened, we enjoyed the mo^ fivoraUe t^por- the receding tide of public sentiment will leave thein aliiip^liic (be negraea for(^^ItiyedtnaafiortatiOD, there aroae a violent oat-' selfatftiUiengikoothesptitsailnetting—aamiof towardwhichtheyhavewillfullysoughttoguide rlsdedgtillcytotbechargeofstealingabiblefroma waapioofagalnst'hlswiles,SBitfiiallyhetnraedher: ^midittimi^.^f^SMs«rotiia;)«i'^a,^:—thf^ail^~^'^qi& #eie ddreaiad to the Idi{)eiial tatd watch tlia knif^-like forefoot open the calm spirit of comnuseration fur their misfortunes, let monthly In tbe en ploy of a large ti am house, wbloHhs ot abduotloo, but also for keq^Iag a disorderly house. any event. .It ia due t^,.tj»e Id^ipdU q(.jkf8TEALIK0 A BIBLK. bsltittndcdvicUmtohis. house intonitiss for steaming, Ocrasinnally I stietch thy- guilty pilots of diaunion stranded upon the rocks Cbailes P. Johnton. a fine looking youag man « here he endeavored to overcome her virtue, Irat sheof "atcryLord VmofsfiaAtt vttf jfoat^ deaiputed "the to catch aiiy loose forecaatle men who may be And, while the pllve branch—token of peace, and Ihe thing for OiltchUf Hedlcn't need the Bible, tliaugh lice Statlou aad related her grisvaocesm Capt Heljse, Vcent If it ahonld 'M'ie, the Canal Auditorajki9>ttatedadiaipiiae.'' VrganticaonstraacMat love ^fVpeddffdie ftoot-roiws while stowing the jto— an>ity,andtbet ouritbought he needed Its teacbinga Hestatestbat w ho csut«d Perry's arrest and the magistrato com: •laaa on 1st is extended to our bretliren, in a will pay off the raatmtacQi«WMiiiiii.1wTl«w of inducii« Oe EmperoT to water for theMUk Ito^ytUBi of A£tl«la (migration which had been soi recently insBfi^atad.' Tlie Emperorbnnd, majesticthan 300 feet comes after. Ko splrl, breaking or and execnte evenHe never hsd t)eeu anested before, and didn't wish toBIKGni.AB VBAVD DFOIT A BANK. vestora in tke Pnblis Stocks that New-Toil( paid A man named Michael Cain was taken before Jus- off ber maturing loans in the crisis of 1837 iabankingofwater alongthecleui, hollow bows,tiee CosaciAT on Friday on a chargegenius of treason. End who willi^l^itbitltu iior. Algeria, at tke time presided of a film of ice as the glassy surface of the sea is macliinations, till crushed out by the strong hand i^rson AttheiiitercesrioDnfMr. Seals, tbe Prisoners' der tbe toUiwing clroutnstancesat .a' aaciifiee ofexchange of the then paper currency of the Stats for gold and silver. The Foreign Exchange clossdand wiu>v«Wt H»9'teri imfaveiably npon the plan which low. Aixl once, when the engine was stopped to wtiich animates our Government.owri^PtiBeelfArouoif,had gone into JtfMMtian. It was npon thia report "key up," while the ship was making 7 knots, shethaltlwAqilMifllnraauirferFoMlgDalBura, If I heki her for '17 waythe which created and spiritmiMalM nW, "totagratnlated Parliament on themovement shall be permiked to proceed, it does not seem diSi-He wenttlie Dry Goods in our last paper rnnomrt to fipiressiiortlyaftar-divided fur thewhich ia to fol-ofpower,directedbyone of tbelaqulre at lotfaage displacementlast Christiantruth of his stuiy, and also in regard to his character. itors at tbe Instljtudoa, desired to draw flOO, and with oa Saturday VU\<a, on London tor lMidai<iA. SON or HAU CHAKGID WITH TBCFT Or HAM. that ohjeet In view had left his accoimt-book with &e and 102^1031 for merchant bilU.A co'oted man ibe name of vas next tried Cashier. When Uie lafter called Sprincweiler's name Tbe Import entries of the weeic, inclndiaceventhe blades of tiie screw behind her. Bince doublingm.THE CONBIQITENCBS OF DI8UKI0N.ty Kagaon a cbmiie uf havinii stolen a ham, Tbe grocer from"minutes,while draggingCain stepped up, represeotUig himself as that individ-If, however,ther that Utere was every reason for believing the contused seas but yet the ship twhaves grandly, cult to foresee its extent and consequences.happy wtatiOB 4tf tbe question ; and he stated far- the we have tud Caperecnveiy frooi ttie The officer who fiaud not having been detected for an hoar or two af- $3,039,318, agaiast $MS4,8M, tke same mmk. last priJorer. terwards, and from that time until Frrday Cainwinds andcarries her pivot battery as a bull would a fly on his horns, tolls without jerking or straining her frame, and, like a perfect sea boat as she is, cleavea tlirough the waves without burying, and scarcely ever ships a bucket of brine over her ralL Altogether, she seems the most splendid modelstrongheavy,gueiitDibde the staicn t<-.'^ilfied that the prisoner denied hav- eluded the police. He was committed for examine- seaaoo.^Tho. Export deatancM of Domestic Prod-crushingthe Look- Reform aitt-nt, the sentence waa withdrawn, and inetheual, and received the money.revolutionarywl'Sm itwasstiden tetuGed to its loss, and sub^e-away, tlie;and, as of nibkiBB the cha>e. I'he ham had been bought klDdllng-woodpeople,aa onraelvee, concluded then^ and have since per- ever floated in salt water. Nevertheless, the Ni- yond its limits, with a formal renunciation on In the fiie-| iace. He w»s In very destitute (drcum- Siacey, who was on Friday arrested, when he made^ count of the Public Loan of Oct. 22, the bat kistaB-bana ttrf natnrally sapposed, that the matter had caimot be called, in strict naval a tgara parlance,beta i^&itely aettlad. But, on the contrary, this man-of-war. To make her one, her present t>erth-IbP«U system of black colonization never ceased deck—wliich the beams of are too Ugh totheir part of all its advantages. The more extreme Cotton States once out of the Union, all sectional warfare will cease. Believed from the arrogant assumptions and mad schemes of Slavery propa- gandism, which have driven her into retaliatory(tances. aud, as well as his wife. In need of food. The Ci,uit found hf>n guilts and sent him one month to the PcLi'tiittaiy. ^^^^^confessioB, impllcattag John W. Bane, a Puliadslphfa prliiter, as the perpetrator of the bniglary. Bane was also arrested, and both prisoners having been taken befbre Justice CosiTbLLT, the printer was committedmeat on whick was extendad to nd Decaaba^.The defauita on tke Ten millioiis awardod on 32dOctober, amount in thia City, aa £>r as Itnowii, t*about $1,200,000. It is probable that other ds- &ults liave occurred, snd that a frill list wiU bspublished by authority of tlie Depattment at Wask-Personal Liberty;uiitaiy sgreeinent ihey i.lsbolved ttieir partnership re- «,o«ll^CaUfomiaStls. 88 part- 2.000time, pf^rtlons of tbe goods aud stocked wlta them an- 2000K K. 3d M. B. '83 8« 100 do sl0 3<)t other rioie, iheii iiioK an account of stock in the old 2,000 Erie B. 6th H. B 77 125 Mich. OotralR.... 60:MoneyboUt at Boathport, Connecticut, for a Swedish 2. The people ofthe Cotton States, on the other The only business transacted in this Court on Betbe vs. Garvey et al,—Motion -granted on condl- gotiaticns, outside of Bank, is equal to 2'33 jp out of the heavy withdrawals of tlieseespeciallyfurniture was ing to combine these elements ^into the fearful re- Xavler Boekreltter, indicted for the murder of HfJ^an ft oL vs. ri«v fr oL Tne case comes within piivate banker. And this improvement is assuredheaviest rise followed the execution of the Eagliah ordere by the MUuUic and Persia, on Ouae^lv options to the sellers, who relied upon a bsllarsult of a servileSpanish skipper, the Imuirection! So situated, the politicians harethe weekofconspiraCT.theForeign Gold from England, France and Cuba, asindications of sup- piopheciesTO. /fon«.—to have been either overlooked or diabo-The recent short sales on Ulinoia at from 62 to 68 were equaUy unfortunate though not altogether from sfanilar causes. And if not induced hj movement aeems to liave been in- in the shares of tbe Clevehmd and Tola-roa4a^NortJi,byomrs.whbout costs. COMMON PLEAS SPECIAL TEBM.supply ofthefr control.filled at the early Board on Friday at 31 If cant.,^C«nrt at General Seaslens. SiaTXHCXg.MotionSkelly vs. Cooper.— — denied,:Thus the lasl^orders in Siie warnhundred Jurors for next term,might be enough for the purpose of trying causes two concurrent parts of the Court..(4,V44^ a leading liolderThe Recorder denied the motion on the ground that all native as the Bnpervlaon bad provided no idace In which thetriumph.fate, their BelBzaaa, pettywere then acatsaced forItentlarT.Aithor Olgdssy, fbr recelvlag stolen goods, sixforgery,these five and three months in State PrlsOT. yearsacknowledged $l,MO In bank notes,prepared dreadfuLsuspicions against Miss Moran seemed well-tonuded,^ regulationDuffy,corder reserved tils decision, saying thatethe general puikatfiraa:ODtbsto tks Feutsntlsry.and Charles F. Fisher, for rsceivliig stolen goods, ttirseMrs. JaneOreenwlch-st., presenied herself at tbe Jefferson Mar-John Parker andket PsUce Court on and Saturday,her-a,kl- Canada, where the English Coin is wanted, auguratedla order tliat thereearlier in the week, had been withdrawn fiom the StrertUntitenthwledDocumproportion,doaiiigof ori-oana, wMch VRie denied. Mr. 8e<i«<vtck tt*brUyaUleasedtt* llMMirrter *ia tks ooctslaaseenTt, her careleasaess flsshsdnpoabyTbe Court then adjourned «me rfscof a bar-roomcumplalnaiit, tour had sentence suspended, fire bad,aud was on tier to New- Yorkin the' IktgUfdk" PkHiament against what gecUeotui's pocket, Uu explained ols aet by say- into Ihe i-txeet, teUmg ber to get home as best she is the ioait iii|llka rssdUy takea at T repe-yanrtey, spread oat under fl» head booms the ship of State. tog that he wss Intoxlr: ted at Uie time, and only did could. Miss Donovan called at tlie Eighth Ward Po- bility presentOi forty-thr^e persons charged with petty larceny,lactories,Hampshire, to viatt herway Kasbiui) parents, Percy lepiesented,therefore when he heard the next day tiiat a nam had been stolen; he concealed itLilagaal Dlflcrevce B«for« jQstloemoney arauuiit eqU'^l to the pergonal value of tbedefeadinc,N3CO0L K &tV.lBtMtB8 60 10 Anier. kx. Bank... 91 76Mcr:taaijti' Bank.. 99Conic cnaij^ea the juiy tuat so far as tnis prooiise ofwill be theis tliat to the English the cost of dence, torryism there had its stronghold. Her ren, whose blood has been diluted by admixture Stale Bank of JSeic-Branatotck vs. Metdcr el of. lAOMicb. Central B.... 49 ;oa do. SlO 30 this step increases ..the immediate necessity forsystems, every —This caute was referredconsent of The pirdes.ISO do lOS do49^, ,00 do.. sl0 49)iSOKand the strug-cial retons to be £350, while HU. B£Oia furnish the old tyraimy and ambition to found a new one. gle for sovereignty shall involve the issne, as to cause was tried before a Referee In 1854. and decidedblnek lescaed by their cruisers is computed by offi- leading families were divided between devotion to with that of their ancestral tyrantsthjefar —and a well selected physical article The State came into the Union reluctantly, and whether a Soulouque or a Jeffrard shall reign, In favor of The plaintiff. An appeal iroin his decisionsuppliesit Is—at 250 francs a head. breathing insults and tlireats, she brought with herwhere now a Yancey raves. J. M. W. The Latest PHi^x of the Bdbch Ditoeoewas t:iken to the General Term of this Court and re- versed, it was then sent back to him foi^a new trial, and uncfer' the decision of the Court he found for theweekamounting on tbe former to $1,500,000 in the values cleared, and a further advance of 10 per cent on the piices current on the Com Exchange, makingThe price now paid by the regular Cuban tnder forms of govermnent the least possible favoringon the Coast is from $60 to $80 per negro, democracy. Her politicians liave never enter- Cass.—The Chicago Tribtme of Dec. 17 says "pastpresenta very decidedimprovement, it also disembarrasses the honest and na- frtdytional efforts to be made at Washington to this de-ate withdrawal of several of the other SoutksaproportionsMoQAriuf. Bahdnsoa aad Wtiibe.by60 doExchangeand inbanltingtliat wliile;ceiendants. Tbe Court ofSaturday,:Jaanaiy ia hull whkrh for more the sword and the scales of justice measure out lisn.ed pilva'ely, but wisuDwIlllog tomakeltpoblle. The young woman.will be returned to her friends. Stat» to mniad -moiwr^Miltt* Ml prisaU >iPon thoseaudacious criminals who have invoked the evil vautiodlpgrare <hem He looked like a respectableand exactpunishmentcall his fill n<ls tu tes'l y to his character, as he did'nt >oung man. snn Ms ^enleoce of three months to thehe bad been m teverai offiras, and last hadtieen tfteen mitted him to prison for trial, not alone on the chargepenttentla-ysvnipathyatnoogpii-oi(-r remaiided,till Mr. D. couMSpringweiler,depos-—CuCRT atiMBAL TKuilon tlie Stockreversed the de- cision eventually, aiid the piainuSi U'W appeal from the Older of the Special Perm, re'erilog tne case. The ref^pondi-uts move w dismiss this afipeal, on ttiesupport of the motiiin cou S.-1 cites seciiuu 349 o' theWineuberg vs. /Vaytr.—Ball reduced in $1,9(M.arrive early this week. The Gold from Europe principalSterling with ooets. ecsts.Motion for attachment denied, the lianks, is attended with some difficulty, and appearsthe waa an ^volnntaiT consequenceSparks,a widow,resklingatNo. 64ifollowing them, athese Bulltiansactlona,—Case Settled. .comes principally m English Sovereigns, the dis- arrivalposition of which, for active use in and between Brokers who usually execute the English orderslaio the vemberthis City—had been se-*ed fa-i b? her o*ii n-iiid to tfiRtfiDermost of all the earments that she wore, wh^reitremained lor days uutoucheU by Vie Uijlit fingers of duced stock of large American CoinThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to 6 held by the in likeher examlnalion showed, however, that both baak notest^ SS^'JS^^tiMINPAIIOUa IWCK tIPO» A TBATELXS.battery, four were discharged, no witnesses appear- selftober while they awaited tbe staitlttg of the nUB* meRlMidle paper.' Ai idk iks aa.^lnira«aln«ttl>eBi,^o were ditoharged at request •(cars. Having ^ned from the unsnspestiag tfili form that she had been worUng in oae of the LowaUithecheat Whenttieyarrivedhere,Perryconduetsl:DO(takiiif advsiiUge tkcprpvisioa, tke ap-of fraudedtheBleecker-streetSavingsBankof(lOOun-:.<M01.III nership, the defendant tecretiy removed, from time to 9,000 Erie 2d M. B. lOO do b6«371( Add uiree vreeks laDeoasibsr tfOtjKlBuiUie now that the plaiiiilS' cua'Kes, daringstore. ai.d made the settlement with the plaintiff on that basis.Tt'e cefendant denies these facts, and sets upin iupport ot tils |M)siti >n a In full, said to have receipttM en made by trie plaintiff at tne &eitlement of their affairs.I'he plaintiffln reply sets up tliat he only signed areceipt wriictn in Fiei,cn, wtiich, Intttead of reading"lu full," read " ou account ;" tnat said receipt waswiltlen in tne midole uf me page, at tbe request of the l,00OCh.ftK.«.S.r.B. 76 100 docajtogi^etbeopportunity76H 100a267« 10 Clave., C. k C. B.. 93Agaiastyear....lecelptpart90260 R..cAnAllernallve MaitimaBy SDFIBIUX COOBT. Berora Ju=tife tVoodnittMoBey. 2fO166 Erie Railroad100 do200 do200 do200 dois* do210 do26 doto do310 do c38 60 do 51K 60 do80 6,000 krieK.C, Be. '62 60 1,000 Krie 4th 1(. A. B. 78 1,000 Had. BlvJdM.B. 82 3 000 Bar. latM. us.. 942,000 Mich.Ceii.8Tc.lBt M.Sb. Fd.U.Bs. 96S.OCOMich.So.-,ldM. B. 50 100 do. 1,100 Mich. So Sg.F.B. 70 150 dobiosa 32ttantiatloii of It at the butiom to show to those of kls 4.000 Han.kSt.J. B b. 67;< 260 docteoitois who could not lead French that afterwards l,0«e do 6« 160 do sUStH lasteass tadats;the defendant did cot make a correct translation of It, ll/no C.B.AQ B.8pc.b. M"too do b531M 100 Panama Bailroad. .IUbut nrute aFrench receipt 31 Del.ai H. Canal Co. 83 100 doli appeals that the plaintiff had taken tbe testimony 10 do 83J4 100 do...lii full" over and asof the16 ConUnental Bankm. Oen.2)000 L.Er.kW.lU.bs. 60—or do 139doLoan of the United States of 1874.Louisa Zimmeracticnltheegerdelendant, who is a liquor-dealer in Greenwich- streetoet-liued to peiform tne conu-act. giviug asliia txcute'that he bad a wife acid two coifdreu iaM^bbt-qutnli)$6,000 U. S. 8s, '74, Cou Hi 6,«(i0 U.S. 6s,'71, Regst t97,000'.!0,(>oa Hissouri St 6e...7a 200do .820 75 do 7554'..13l49I4Ji weA.scrip,bl0 67K7fHi c 3iopg64!i opgttH s3a a41iMew-York Ceuiral Mew-York aad KrieReading. Rockialanilnik«7eit«74H«7*)(«nX WmXHmtKf,confidence inleiir auihtd a wire aud fau ily iu Ircldui orouierwise. 60 Uel.&Hud.Cn'l.Co. Ii3 200 M. S. AN. I. O. S.. 32 Trade affairs, and less alarm about the final issue ofn^ariiageconirernrd,tt matiered nut wbetder de-liu National Back 93 lOd do 11!» 5 BaLk nf America. .105 250 do 1414improvedMoneywasTlie jury airtved at the conclusmn that taa plaiuticf hail suffeied damage to ihe extent of $1,VU0, and give hi-r a vt lolct for 'hat sum.Ciiauscy Sbaffer fur plaintiff; Moses Ely for de- ft Ldani.fiO Canton Company.. )S ISO do I30 3l!< 15e Fac. Mail Btm. Co. 82 60 do 325SJO doOO do125 Erie Railroad 2(Xi N do330 34 too UO Hudson Riv. R... 43)( toothe State from thewhich was made public on Friday morning, &ilad to produce more than a momentary sensation, and60 dothe conclusiongenerallyS'.eanisblp17,500]07,(X)0 piringthat a block of stock realized upon by largeForeign Gold Corns, as a legal aticent, into American Coin estiblished.a warrant should be issued for her arre.<iLbla»be!*, mnch hesit-rtloo, and becomta.r m ^Je^ty,the lAldow confested to a weakuehs she n-*d uf pected that the difficulty wUl becanreaHig her money in uutoftheway place-;, by the restoration of the former law on the to be rather ths barometerLiapeoard-strset,tionofOaState,onor aftai"a as gtvaa date, aawdo. _.. .. , „,.dododob2& 36 200 Cleve. & Toledo R. 29^c 37 c37Ji 160J80100ti%m»4645137J4 300 Chic &R. Is. R..S.l.O 61 S537H 100 doS2!4 loom. Cen.R. Scrip... 6*X 815< 165 do 6«3S 6fl do sI8 36Jt ZOOCler. &Tal. R..bl0 29Carolina, withdrawingUnion,iate on Satur- day were calculated to raise a doubt as to tiis fiiound thur tucb an order 1^ not appealable, and iu at least 20 per cent rise in the fortnight from the readiness of the leaders in Congrees toEdgar S. Van Winkle for appellants for;instoreship-boardnotyetStates on the of their Codvsb- meeting respectiveOdell vs. Simmons, White vs. Comstock et al., Lovm-easlitn vs. Strathtim etal., Witlougkby vs. Clark el at.; depressionlongagJ^Tti'waad is lasa aazisty,vs.ment of Referee affirmed, with co&ts.Wheat,corresponding—RoBXBTSOl*, J. HeiTtngtt at.—Mo- whichThe decreased value oflowacce.tluns.Fotsom vs. Surart.—Motlnn granted.Steel vs. Von P«/r.— Leave to ami-n'! granted.Tierapau vs. Melville.— Order of reference to E. P. 23J CjUe tVin. Curtisnowthe beating which the rise in here, and the pricesand onhalves and elrcna-! Tbepieeeatvalue51J465HITotal to date.... Against same tims in ISMDeereais te JatsThe same tablea make tke SzpoxM}|ac|M)ll323* Against same tlma iaISH slOStiiredress of all grievances, and the settle- MosDAT, December 24 A.M. ment of the Slavery agitation between tbe The Export Trade and Money aSairs of the Northern and Southern States, witiiin th^Cniod,—cleared.The importance of this gain is much excelled by tioDs the second week in January. As thsse andEUPBIUK COtTKT—CUAUBBBS.ScTBERLAiiD, J.—Mills vs. Garrwon—Mem- have upon the reserved supplies in the West, tained fact, thdr influence on tlie maiket, after ant|^news fiom thearrived circlesmutual compromise and conciliation for thesirable end. One or twoother similar dispstches. however, arenegotiation fact that tka welcome to the merchant and sudden, and the loss sevsier, by theMotion for satisfactloaSttTH vs. .2y«U.—Sheriff's fees ordered to be paid. haste is shown to depotit the English Coin. About comer in the cash stock to answer the orders byonclosing piices week before last, and also iaika^thanand finantdal criaia.andgsnanll»,Wl www.fultonhistory.com-JS^yi-i^ 