 .Capt.conld';At 6 o'clock there was five feet of water in lUe hold, and the fires were soon extinguished.upon largewi^'proctaamm M infonned(inda; it^S^Wm then.;barkBtUr, DiaaaAca, Cork, ;reach fifteen to twenty. The elsik<s slatemeDts as to the ntimber killed aad wounded was incorrect.! <aisi^gsoedtiUM|3a IIItmUOmt-'tit Iksne4x?lng from eighteen inches to two feet thick, and ca-secession, pable of sustaining almost any weight. The supposi- ploded, tearing away a portion of the building, and bad- fersoBs, wia be seat ts— Tisinni ouii Manhood. ^Theof an entirely safe hotok, Ericsson's Caloric Engiite. Oct. 31.—The boiler on the steamer //. R. W. Hill, beond juries of a serious nature. He was taken home, and from Memphis to New-Orleans, exploded—thirty personsltetk»may be par- ' (tat tt« tTsioii is in »<>HEWS1lh«k it w«8 in June,St. Jenn, mdsr> »<>•'• "The Pony Express, with dates to the 21st trom cairyiag S^tM half sacks flour and S,ON sacks wheat^^,- „ ^.HavBiuTBa^-lB tUs Ctly, oa Taaadw VS""*<T i «. f•c-*»poorlyftrfrom being conjurorsNov.iathetUKaronUaage., Thrieladvea and Meads «f tha ft^tf »'*. *^l( r^ rally Invited to sttend the foaeral, from tie lesUenee atjimtnowCalifornia, arrived yesterday afternoon, but was de- wheat, lumber, and other CaliforniaKXPL08I0S U MOBILE BAT. HoaiLi, Saturday,HOB.;^^g|g^gg^rt^KTHEDlSPNIOHISTS.—NO-to threaten diannion.FoBT KxAssiT, Saturday, tioy. 3. The Pony Express, with California dates to Oct. 24, has passed here. The through packet n as locked, was sold on the IWi, for $8,400 to the CaUfor- and there being no key here, we failed to obtain the^^^ik ««sier th»n Wt/tHaKttinatttiy,The w reck of the steamer Granada Is the (whichevt?'°'''''''^-*'''ei-BaAi«iBv Snxiox.ta of hia^avrf.^Mb-,' ^Djlflj ^K^sidentNEWS FEOtM THE NATIONAL CAPITAL. to the of tbe steamer railingremains will be taken on tointerment. Tuesday White Plabis flMrTm-iigy.T9re,i|Bj|f»,disunion cannot be effectedvesscllostoS' the Heads instead of the Meteor) shipThe foneral services will take place this fMonday) afterDooB. at 3 o'clock. In the H. %. Chareh, S*tk-si.. The deck of the steamer Virginia gave way last Dear «lh-av. Bis friends and those of his son. Rev. J. A. Sllllck, and hia sons in-law, Her. P. C. Oajtley aad A. 11. Oalxin are respectfully Invited to attend. Hisnaelntloiis or by words. It Is a pracUcalby move-summary of news for the Associated Press.night while Mr. Douolas was making his farewell speech. He with the crowd was precipitated twlow. Fortunatelyno-onewashurt. Mrs.DonaLASheldon-,t4:- -iSSl^^(KOSiOK.- :t^' f^yiiiTaJli^rVtobe accomplished by^racticalitnd It Is a little discoHraging to theNavigation Company.Thegeneral Im-leaders of the i*rt, to see how rap- i^ fitetades preaeitt themselres wheneverJUS" Northern papers please enpr,a^praetiealatepfrue proposed.Mete is OMB which is very small, but notJulywith Pera—The QnesUen ia Dlepate te beFall of aFART OF THK MOUNT TEBNONThe GoTemor of 'IMI been instmcted by the to esB a State Convention, r.^JVan the election of a Bepublicaa "o-toneet within forty days from:-^^IMnt "ii^ inportaoce..^Ifow fliii^iiihllnnignesaon'propertyI.^'^^m^^:ihearises, tohen to be issned* TheTtnm, MrmukU 3Ww«Ml •• A* IMIvit^tAaBsaA^y^^iftSH00k.Mereury isayajft^^kHobii as (he Oovamor Is satisfied thatt Itiiiiilinraii rrnilifinit has bton elected,—in- ateatf of w«itinf nntH the vote of the Electoral i-aia'cbtiiitef^iid deoiaTed on the sec-rerytldck and a fresh gale blowing. At 4 o'clockprise, as be had been led to tielieve that his propotlofotherStates. Myownthe haishest policy which the Federal Government"can pursue towards South Carolina is to leaTfe Ixer to tersel/*; and that the mo>t expeditious way of bringing her back, is to let her go. She will s'jon find that she has jumped wit of the frying-ijan into the fire.innocent.'"He was deaf to all the entreaties of his spiiitual ad-JAMES DCNCAN- Ctrculars, oontahilng schemes far the month, will beoperationopinionis, tht;t'instance where the infant 4s from pain andex- sufferiog-,iiracelulof breezes)Sent. — Bratanza, Turner, (New-Bedford 1,8*0and Price 26 cents.di-'orders »c<I injurica. No. 34 Beekman-st.«C tteSaot)!aspectator.Ail three are injail.Warerooas.1 on native aAt every point wliere per railroad* pon-Dasiel Chase, wife and three childrenBecessary for the Federal Government to establitliCustoin-nouses, and the etiect will be to stripdren of EiiJAU Qttec. When last heard from they had nothing to eat. Some provisions have been start- edtotheirassistance,anditis hopedtheywillarriveriRE IN NEW-MILFORD, CONN. Dasbcet, Conn., Saturday, Nov. 3.tj —merchandise now introduced into the port of Char- leston anives free of duty, from the North. As an independent State, she would be compelled to ta.^ these goods, in order to raise revenue, to supportHer people have been cryingand that they would bear fourfold heavierBRITISH COLUMBIA.. surance, about $15,000, in the Hartford and New-Ha- that is dear to her In life would she gladly sacrifice toher aimy and navy.eat against Federal taxes these thirty yearsJohn MirtniLL's extensive steam chair factory, on Columbia-street, between Western-row and John-Ten years* experience has proved that in almost everyia prepared by an edAal(l Price 91 80 per Iwttls fl^ Foa BOt~MW-Si!«:M»nd its impendingbythe on explosionit should be issuedabsentatbreakfast hadIt ;keaUacisBrliiiiaUaia WanOuvaTAaiaoenchi aad aSMieiMl ~r«a> )taiT>- taa tk.0iiw TtrUim.lktm-tmH nty eenu a kottls. atH«i.dM ]"" We have reason to know IhatllTfldmsday in February. IqjilA^ltpii^,But," it adds,mor-r«^- ^-'not think it li»lfciij|> tOf-met a* we suppose the resolutionsAlabama does ^ AifAama tepure."tkfifijfttnUtiB difficulty,a.assumed Peru. Mr. scent crushed down some sheds erected upon Mill- »fthe anchor— ship proceeded too, will probably withdraw, and thus terminate ail everv prospect at this hour. The main buUdiug theKrw Paper MIU andexploded, seriously probably fatallyTork, aadkyan 4to be sure! The Gov- no hnrry about disunion. He pre- fertl* «iMt a Uttle, and so gives a very Ubcralwest comer of the edifice,) which In its de- Lowell, Mass., Oct. 24.—The boiler for heating SnlTolkbyLook out for another Paraguay decision.on the1, utera UacerlngiUneab flsoiMU HaTaaaraa.Sf^agale increasing rapidlytnoiTOW wilt afford a fair test of the moral broken, and the ship began to rapidly flU with water.onljr argoment which has been used to indnee tfcena to vote against Liscoln has beenthe to be in favor of Capt. HowiB went to the city, which was only five port popular feeling& Brothers, makers of tbe wood-work of carriages, ex-ionowlBg aad auay oOmt vdCUawg aar adtaa, >af|of disunion. It is not very credita- We'tt any V*rty or any section to make suchlyinjuringseveralperaona. OneboynamedJohnKaneGso. Lav, btn itt«fhe tIfhtiAweight on the floors, and the consequence was that tbe hisskullfataUyfractured. Twootherswerebadly Everything is in commotion. The city is quite walls were pressed out. The elevator, which extended acalded—another badly injured. A boy named Bice IstmawtDasjaa,TsjTasBLow Waaa, Ksfn tlbasy, tUY. >-?atf• Anatbat it wonii be ve^ry discreditable ftr any community to be driven by it into any Wvilis' at actb^ which its sober judgment ]ifM^ a*t Improve.full of strangers, many remaining here In order to sand, and there is no hope of saving her. Her back receive early election returns.ess. DintITiii flianii flm nsiltlad OoL. Cbsi. MAg. U. S. A.«-down to the wreck, but the vessel had settled in theO— —Wbelieve that t&e eloctien of Lwcoln would not pro- mdMie general welfare, it is their right and fMlr'Aity to Tpte against him. Bat if they ; if tiiBf appose any ftarther spread of SlaveryIf anr merchants, or other citizens,to the Associated Press. Washisotos, Sunday, Nov. 4.jilfinWtbe prlneipleswhich he representsRe/riilatims, prepared at the State Department, aad published bypardoned ground insanity,erty. WATER.Tbe Caloric Engine requires no water. This fact wiltbecome one of vast importance to the users •( power in this City the moment that the resort to the Water Meter —which will shortly become imperatively neceaaary—and still will not vote so as to 'jtUliiUp that end, because the South threaten jHaaatoa, they prove themselves utterly unfitJto Msniae the ri^t of sufirage at all.ViHbave ne fears for the result of theexamination being rightrecently at the pondent of the Montreal Gazette sketches tbe closingthe fact otherwise. In Uie twelve Chili, 1849, gavemonths* imtice, according to the thirty-first article of which both the treaty and the subsequent conven- tion are ended.^^iiaootmtry,1632 is still in force, butelcc-fiMtif IbeState at large. Out of the City of citizens.him state tliat The survey of the boundary between Washington wliile being pinioned Bsainibs requested SheriffTESTIMONIAL.A Board of Practical Engineers of the Massachusetts best taUes In ths eeontiy.IIaccompanied,llBW>T«ifc,Tfaey promptTerritorybourne In the for and that the Townships burial,theirbill providingforaCongressionalelection in No-IIjudgment,anyand not of their fears.St. Joaira, Mo., Saturday, Ni<v. 3. A destructive fire is raging on Main-street, be- tween Jules and Felix streets. The whole block will besweptaway. Vigorous.effortsarebeingmadetothe drop. Beainebd walked up the steps coolly and more unconcernedly than smy of the spectators. In'these menaces excite only indig-Oregon,and the British Provinces will, it IsCharitable Aaaociatian have Justgold medalthousands of men to tor the Itepablican ticket, in order to their Constitutional rights to elect mteia. It is a little humiliating doubt as to the man- «v|i wUch these threats will a,ffect the "Ottyef Kew-Toik. We trust the result will dMV tt^t our people also take counsel ofFair in Faneuil Hall, Boston.Colonel Beall has been officially notified of his suc- Governments on the respective reports of the Com- with tils request. He also said to the hangman, FOR SALE IN NUMBERS OR BT THE SIXSLE EN- rats we have given oar eusteaaSEt tke faU keaett «t4diouM beI laam from a gentleman who has just re-;but siill Bbaikerd made no and looked down at stgn,the crowd. Precisely at II, the preparations* com-Brainebd was led out on the and the drop,THBEE-PLT AND INeBAIV OABFmgk BNOUSBANDAMXBIOAKVBreUVaM,;taiilMdfromezcttament and ill-feeling will exiat if Hr. Lincoln'shall be elected, there is no indication among the poople of a purpose to di'^sohe the Uiuon. It t^ beBeved that South Carolina will secede, and that the only danger is that an attempt to constrain her by force may awaken sTmiiathy. and elicit the co-another Indian massacre. The letter sjys that two dry goods; loss. $5,000; no insurance. A. J. Smith,DELAWARE LOTTERIES.ClaM A'o. 620, .Vot>.3, IP60.35, 27, 30, 67, 74, 21, 6?, 34, 3, 22, 3G, S5, 12, 46, 72.Best styles EagUA TKLTXn,«l Sto«I»Lelection to-;To these difficulties there would be added thehBitfaMnt danger of insurrection. The slave popu- on anbtion of the South constitutes only one-eighth She was maimed by a crew of six men, whose purposem,is Ityrobablecounts.It relates the usual items of discovery, with$75,000 to $100,000Insured for$45,000.aftertheSyrupiaadministered. Itnotonlyrelievesthechild from but the stomach and bOKels, pain, invigoratesBottlxs ssav ar izraiis,OF EnwN Lm neaNi* Toti. ^stasM faBposed by the State with patience ? "nothing very startling.The schooner Langley recently sailed from Victoria,JOSHUA r. BBIOOErK D. 'Besideat Physician, Gtaefenbetg No.aBOND-ST„l- 'three-pounders. The leader of the party is the cele-steam-boiler explosion at Dans & Bsotuebs' coachNOISELESS SEWING UACBINES. IHJK BEST IN USE FOR FAMILY SEWINO.fheclergy of this city connected with the Union pnyer-meetings attest their profound regard for ••tbe nmOQ and peace of the country by proposingnight;,will'.'j'»ai «Miver us from ourandus They ap-Lunch,byRaillcnlpttpreserve peace."andpait to Arir brethren in the ministry, "and to allNfW-York, devotes special atteationsurgicaltg MKpeople ^bVMeepleinprosperityHorace Gbpelei, JVfic-yoriTViiicM. t /)/;*<:perils,in the United States and their Terri-prepared to treat all cases requiring mechanical surge- ry with skiU and succi-B8. Also, a large assortiuenl ofthic.id clactic fcr varicoseailk and IJalc 8tockin;?s veins.Female Shoulder Braces, improved auHpen- Surportera,A9IEKICA7I m9TIT0»E. ^ Nsw-Tea>.Oel.aklM^to tbem in this praiseworthy purpose. joinknife and of the law Mi;Ccllock,lailia^''irb tote hoped that the clergy in those portionsaa medical student, is .laid to have— .fiom which the threats of Disunio:ishipaory Baudagea,and instrumeota forphyblcaldeformities.t thbe latewrhliisaky Fa^g.lhsjadgss^0ie whole day to the object hc-e and in other parts of the Union similar services could not fail to be attended with good efieets, h» softening partisan rancor and eitrava-" ABeantlftilConaolexlon fadesiredbyall_Ne. *m Br»adws».ined anId oaased upon Runill Mill passed yovfollowsNo. i9«-Be«rbo» Whisky (IBlls> 1seulBg aa excellent Baaer aad •aeaieaiai''will ftoeeei, give17th ofThe ship ilijunliglit, from San Francisco forKong, passed ilonoU.Iu the lOth of September.<< m""nrftTt*f«i ;Hong The Arctic fleet this season averages 600 bbls. oilNews from Pike's Peak.Foai KsABMXT, Saturday, Nov. 3.Ladles. Uae PHALON'S Snow White Oriental Cieam Thla article <i withont a rival as a beautUlei of the skin and somideiiDD. Sold by all druggists and fancy-goodslealeri in the United States. Price,Batchelor's Hair Dye> WIcs aad TonMes.— rhlsTcweellevbreated sstarblofoamhsmetnort tisheremoved to Noo.f 1h6isBoHnadi-r it. private applicationDye—the beat eiUnt. BATCHELOR'S Wiga and Tou-Jndae Plerrepont havins Reslaned> will de- vote himself to the trial and argument of causes io th-j various Courts o* the State and of the United States,MOREBEAD'S MAGIC EYE-WATEK- THE BEST IN THE WORLD.33 CENTS A BOTTLE.Obsiuvib. There is one artist in New-York pre-.ThefoUow-jig repo.^from the :(ance. Success to the movement. —tit GAS-TKBX rUBNACES have been thorourtly tssi*whohasgivenu? scoie of the finest cast caricatures of the day, butPHVSICIANS »>"•eminently deserving•who does not meet from theoveraU. ThlaIstbefcr aadhave the; wbieh.heail ofThere Is no important news from ths gold regions.contain.sthat chemical science has ever produced, combined years. Call ssidwith all the softest:;ing.than auy No. 638 BRmaOrAkDetW,AoTr.moNneewy-York. wanted.Limbs, Side. Chest and Back;Sprains. Bruises. Cramps,Tabhde splendidpatronage,bbls.; Florida, Fish, (Ncw.Bedford,i 730 bbls.;Thea terrific storm on the plains on the 26th and 27th ofpeeaimprovementaonly placevirtues of Arnica. earth, no mineral under the earth can com--|f|'-,f/i:'L''rLLSftSK.?F""='-th*: most effective and of the potent preparsXionsix yean,public that recognition universilly eito-.ulcd him by his brotherSui/t,^ail.been around east of Point Barlow, bound direct tolBrilM| tzamlBe these rniaacesisrssadfcvswis 80-«ltiaU and the art-worldand we are led ti. thisA boy has thrown himself on ahas also girea tv<ery geBcral sati^tuiaM antalate almost imperceptibly through the of the flower nature, is whisperingr- Ara*, GrimieU,SOO bbls.apyHIO MA- sent on receipt of BtoBipN.0.PJWHIOTBrOoaRdwAO E8T.*BWSHED 1S39."•^ "'lags Witt-.iierally.; iiOObbls.; Aug.27,andBt., New-York.rsfcrjf, tion. This is excellently expressed in his earnest K^^on"^'e^ing,, ,.„"j"|C0''^'?sfe-COMMERCIALAND SHIPPING NEWS.whose expreaaiott, ladiant with all the in- r ot a rate poetk intelligence, still remains*A snbser^on list has beenOct.31,byBev.J.A. MeKInstiy,of Conn., HajwlBton,tonlskSsatSrer •ast^sn gradM, tnjBia aJehoioe Teas willf childlike.' Oa «Ie of tUs ynA at the CrayonB«v. W. of Mr. Oit-I 'NemvlyatoBridah CalBBMa.Airivedtlth.'^ahlp K^t^Prmea, NeTToA: ship''''""^piiwlaiar"" «xwx«e» tti «* «Bij|it'«.H»; w. HiLi.Nov. I.tahwd here InUne; 19tti, bark Trtnt, Liverpool, carrying equivalent to 5,tOONor. I.of the prostrated by a severe storm.for San Francisco.are as followsITie ship had beenTheTroy.SoFBiA, ddeat daughter of andbreakers were run closeaboardal tliis time tlie shipItwillbeobservedthattheabovesince the date of the foregoing advertiflemeat. occurredconsequencetelegraiAbeingbWf. flour.^^^^^undering the day, and as tlie weather was very foggy Captrunningeasy.steamdur-From tUf Trtg Timrt of Saturday.This morning about 8 o'clock, the rear end of the new storetuuse erected last Fall by Messrs. Ount- MAS & SAXToas, Millers at the State Dam, and ad-Howis deemed it best, as there was no pUot-t)oat in sight, to anchor the ship until he could get a pilot aad the weather clear up.EKIC8SOM>8 CAI.OKIC BMaiMB.iag death of two ethers, aad severely seslfl^ soveral bystanders.Now, tbsre Is nothing which a " siaall portable iteam-' SBgine " can do which may not be done by lEricssen'swaB suale edwthat Hr. Clat bad demanded his passport, at the sane time ad-water, the ancbor was jet go, the weather still beiag seos therefor. President Casttllo was taken sur- byIn the TiHxs of Oct. IT is a paragraph giving an ae- ceont of the explosion at ColllBSville, Ind., of a small portable steam eadne, recently put up, eaostog ths ia-oun^tiMm-L, an^aatWqtheyassuredto the city without any difficulty, and that at that sea- son of the year these fogs were of very common oc- currence, and« furthermofe, that they were only six miles from the entrance to the harbor. At 5 o'clocktion, which had been forwarded by Hr. Cur, wouldHon^s Ihat hedesignedtUa shockingDIABT OP STEAK BOILER EXPLOSIONS. New-Oblbahb, Oct. 23.—The boiler of Chemical Works exploded, demollahlng a portion of the wall, and serious-ly injuring two persons.Las. Mass., Oct. 24.—A boiler of PlatoBr k. Smith'stakewas and the weighed^save their lives.On the mom ing of the 14tb a steam pump was sentWaiitM, Osaw, yiaiijlu.lfca;tacked by the ^hesbrones or Bunach tribe of Indians;partlyfauoeeviaoudslrycnmved liis 1ml. Beainebd saying that theai and governed by men of the highest charaeCerr;exploaions, reported"to the resolutions of the Legis- wa.s hooked on,'' and ruuning at full .speed. Capt. The most intense excitement ptevalis here nowthat a large number of immigrants had been killed, and $4,000. r. McLonCHUN, loss $2,000;J. Pebbt, buildingscattered. The brothers Keith arrived here much ex- Pat, dry goo-is; loss. *10,iXK)as a responsible and trustworthy institutloB. aad ft ia the meet widely known and. best esteemed medleal sr-the remainder driven away from their wagons and hausted, subsialing on some dried horse meat for 21;tones,* Strangers, they are going to commit murder. I amtrain there werewife and fivethoughfeet,did not suffi- appearWe refer to New-Zealandid, Marcia. Billings, (New-Bedford.)to counsel business No. 16 Wall- jjcnerally. Officeplant •alan witt with extracts from other healing herbs of almost equalces. s^'i'sasssESfci)band of abiindon ofKlT<;UBMUa]_tO«Mn>Ae hair from his yo\mg brow, and Mpt. 14, .W«nrf=tiiM,Tinkln,(New-Be<iforJ,)seeti.s toKn-:-^ H. for«;oni,KeIbv, (New-Bedford )-. -. (Fairhav,n) 800; 18th, Spte<twM, GlbbMFaT•h-echildrendianhis of the measure convulsive efforts to loosen his hands, every nerve seemed to viTithe in agony, and after a short struggle a horrid choked sound issued beneath his clentmed teeth. Gradually it ceased, and witb it tbe upheav- ings of tbe chest au<l the agitation of tlie limbs. A few^-asns,andinafewmomentsEzbaBsainesohadIs I" Oot. i.To Jo_lM _MOlsJt COmNo. UB.^^.;;Agciitrope,his ciime.Infant Beanty.Lo, at the couch where infant beauty sleeps.Smiles on beralumberisg child with pensive eyes.aliveA. McNop.man, wifeSamuel^etiate into the adjoining States it will become Gliason, Ckarlzb Jefft, M. Munson, and six chil- taken the authorities.Seple.iiber.Joscpi: Mctebs,and five childrenCoBAw. Much indignation was felt in w ith thehis body was visibly .agitated by-Charleston of half her trade immediately. She'will at the same time lose the benefit of the United in time to save them from starvation. The attack It is repeated that ten buildings were destroyed, in- expiatedart often attended with . '.States Kails, for which her citizens pay back to thej)epatment about one-third the, cost. Her com-yetcluding the Bank, Housatonic House, six stores and twodwellings. Tbeloss Is heavy. Thefire is still burning.DASBtT.T. Ct., Saturday, Nov. 3."Derasged Appetite—Pal^ in tbe Backsa^ Kidneys—Chills—ColdHandsaad1 Bloatipgb—Feverishaeea Nem•au^ce l» now almost exclusively with her sister "tbe mourntul mother She, while the lovely babe unconscious lies.that Col. WaiGUT had ordered Capt. Dent with one Stetes. This would be at once subjefted to the hundred and fifty men into the Snake country. Tliey bmdsD^f our tariff duties, and the eSect would be were to start on that day. It was doubtful, however, ifkeeps;TSE NBW-TORKPalpiwas made between Salmon Falls and Fort Baise. Ifalive the supplies will save them. Correspondence frim the Dalles, dated Oct. 10, saysDeranged Monthly Periods— ^ Itresularities—Weakness—Falntaeas—No whalers had arrived since the lastfheshot,been onlyfair has produced general excitement.school,slimg^ The af-nThere was no news of interest.TheBald'kin,.\.)vict:.-.Jtiuuyri. trom Boston lor Hilo, touched Honolulu tlieand 10,0(10 Bs boiK.Irctic fleet was brousht by the bark YankerD. C. MOREHEAD, M. D.,BIKDSAtl-'S .*KNICA I.IM9i£NT.650 bbls.; John HoKland, W^-Mon. (New-Uedford,) 600TksssSnr^JUinHS,ship Wel.n, North, (ofAug.2V, New-Bedlord,).'"iSiWi^**! tkses w»J» »^-KThe schooner BriHiant, from Campeachy Oct. amind. A fairy, one of those mysuc whale V Sept. 10, Georgt Wo»»»iV«<i», Bnghtman, 13, reports the outbreak of civil war in Yucatan,Ipguea ferrsi:,IAL8 asaateoraandthetrade.BKHABBOQlt, N».r~. werfclaaavfortThesobsodbir kMlait metved a.ofe cflBa,redao «imj^The flowers are falling from his dimpled fm- with eager parted lips, he listens to theBedford.) six whales ;(New-Bedfordj) 1,000even- CaABlxs H. of Koljert T.t dream to his child heart.; ;of the island of Carmen.The General Government,Nov. I. Rev. Samuel T. D. D.,haven,) six whales;Aug.SO,O KENTUCKY, SAI.t'rIVHR. BOURBO.'^ OWarChamfourwhalesbarkGe«u>W,Clark,(New- causedbytheimpositionofInlanddutieson ,) ;O OOWHISKYDI.STILLEK1ES.S. T. SUIT, S,ilt Uiver Distilleries. Kentucky.Itwo whaU-I'bls. whalegoods from Campeachy, and a contention for the revenuesMARRIED. Deicbs—Sbaxkoh.—In Brooklyn, on ThursdayOBII.I<IAJU> TABIiES ABBPaatoM, Steem, Ochinulfee, ()ueea. (Edgarham,)Address ooooooooooooooeooooooooooooothe Vail Yard, of EdmttowB,ing,a;well -Uai.osoK.Percival, clean <ro. Mattapolsett,to invade anticipated their move-youngest Uaceat—Baceboubi.—In Brooklyn., on Thursday.Etec- Brown, (New-Bedford,) had done wdl; Aug.ST.neighboring provincespreparedI>H£I.AN>8"'" '"of that City. „ Ssiiinio—CoLxs.—Ob Tharaday, Nov. 1, by Rev. Dr.Taylor, Ebwasd Tsutlbton Sssluno to Obacx, daagh- ter o( tbe late Isaac U. Coles. Ess.S8hBaAwW—MHoaroBa.—In Wwhaateliy, Massasa^y on Wnesiduaiuadaay,duced ten per cent,eRAMDtor^^ ^ OOLLBNDBR, Nes.«»teWCrosby-st.BA8B.BAI.I. HATCH;severityreliableof living, or ooBdItion Jn lite aBbrdsaM;and whales this fivebut the latterendeavoring to stop the sale of Yucatan. Froai Haraaa.gbaonOD.___200 bbls.; ISO bbls.;had doneby DtLiaatoMAKSASnT.,Spcaj.\And weaves a song of melancholy Joy."instant commercial ruiir Nine-tentlis of tlic they could release any of the survivors of the massacre. and the Housatonic House. Loss, about $35,000 ; in- An icfanl's pangs are a mother's sufl^cringa, aad allhejutpinchedcers, and,Wondadul voice of nature—liis soul entirely ab- spolie bark Cltonc, Simmons, and heard from her In ments, and was marching troops on the capital to con- Nov. 1, by Rev. Dr. Bndiagton, Mr. John Uackat to •oibed—every &culty concentrated into expecta- i.c?vTi^,'-,^''^'"S taken two whales In Plover Bav quer a treaty of peace. The Juarez Government was Kate ISASiLLA.dangbterof Hon. E. T. Backhoose, allstaatialOet. M, The Qasier CMy,«e, AwwiTOc.ihutotherlJi^^aji'iJjJ''* [tr«4(b*»Wtli( Suam won too. M »«»i r«itl«.Untitled Documentence at I o'ehtek P.M. (If not. AdatMitBtv tht grrana, vk>Tac.-d nWSeai-'u^nij^^sv,^?i^ Jis-suss_.v.whileaUy XUm AMmu, M dam•a. base. Sailed Mli, sUp OraeU, Uvarpod, eanr- ttie steamer B. M. W. Hitt Is 90, and the wotmded .D€rtf. New-Tatkfrosa (fee Arctic Oeeaa, wltb I,M»I>Ub. oil and IT,NONK«^)auA>s,Sataidar,just In first-class Mare. Then will be a great many such little HoTZs Immcdi ately rang the bell to back her," but touching the Presidential Election, but It is wholly DiH, at the time remaining there. Gladdin was en- establishment.inlnrpntation "%o be adjusted, we suspect, before the ftaB-ls-pot into working order.CDUa^tsAindependence of ourmerchants.the headway was so great that it was impossible tountrue that we have any panic among business men.gaged wheeUng away the dirt excavated for a cellar, Can any man who v.olues his own life or that of hla em-fcialeistop her. She struckheadon, and soon swung broad-and as thebuildingfellattemptedtogetout of theployca. who has occasion to use power, rest satisfied tillSouthern byKansas at thereider^ UvaiaandLeatherCompany, goodsThe names of the murdered are as followsJ. MTEB.H, \Vm. Acttlxt, Lbwis Lawson, JusTinaCbcesb,CaABi.ESKe&sneb,KlijahOiTiB,biswife,three children and one son. When the Keitus left the the report of the burning of seventy-four dwellings on neck. The fall, sixditys.:I) .-foreupon the scaffold. When the drop fell he appeared saalled free of charge by sending to-;The total number of killedA. Bed Tbefnaenl wffilog tr,tn ndta wlieaibaik Coiutmiet, new-Zealand, carrying 9,000 sacks-..Felltleal Bxclte- meDt—The Diannion Cry» Ace.Special Dispatch to the Kew-York Times. WASHiHOTOit, Sunday, Nov. 4.t George months and IS days.aSubmitted toConsress—agedBEB, late of this City, aged M.There was a large lire inNew-Milford last niglit.At the lire in fifteen New-Milford,buildingswere the Litchfield County Bank destroyed, includingalTord it relief. Parents, you that have witnessed the suffcrinys of your children while undergoing the painful proMcres.s of teething, should beSfvualulpy.sensible to the merits of WINBLOW'8 SOOTHlNQto advertise to borrow $50,000, at 12 per cent, interest,for the purpose of improving the harbor of Victoria.The mining news does not vary from previous ac- street, was entirely destroyed by fire last night. Loss hanktion, relief will be found in tlfteen or twenty minutesAdvives from British Columbia aie to tlie IfHh of ven offices.BT H0^*. GEO. BANCROFT.THE GREAT HISTORIAN.October.Tbe Government of Vancouver's Island was aboutCHAin FACTORy Brr.NT at CINCINNATI. CiBciKSATi, Sunday, Nov. 4.exploring expeditioncorrects acidity, and gives tone and energy to the whole bowals and wind-colic, and oreroome oouvulsions,THE GRAEFENBERO VEGETABLE PILL LAST OP THE SERIES. are the best in the world for famll;r uae, and tortful on Fraser River. prospectorall his bones were cruslied. TheNo. 495 Broadway,boy G. G. Josepb Van RiPEK was badly scalded, but may live. The ts dedicate the next Sabbath to special ana cam- lings .Strait. Sept. 10, in the Strait, saw ten whale- cause of the accident was poor boiler iron. The lossv^ hale-ship Ehzn Adams brings news from the Arctic whaling fleet to lOth September. She left East lapc Sept. 14, and was five days getting through Beh-ThePrice cents 2S"eat piafer to the Almighty Ruler of Nations, that shit--, all bound south. She took, during the cruise, of property Is about $5,000.<'Messrs. Batkosb, Wa>tUT Oe., pekU*Address as above, .Kf All of tbe Graefenberg medidaes are sold at Na. BOND-ST., aad by aU druggists.^ 9Vm wWl Kontinua to bless our beloved country that ;).Ht> t-arrels Polar oil, and 17,000 pounds bone; dur- iiig the voyage, 4,000 barrels of oil and 5,000 poun<is of bone, of which she has now on board ',^,000 barrels oil and 17,000 poimds bone.SANDWICH ISLANDS.Ne\\ f fnini the Sandwich Islands per Ijark y<i/it«A night,occurred in thisJV Dr. BRIDOE wUl attend to prt^tssienal caB* aara receive wmticnts at his resuimce t). JAe Gratfenterf tuM tue BwUings, No. 3 BOHD-ST., iVew- rent, and he ti permitted to refer, amons others, to;andThe Wesi em Stage Company's coach which left Denver City on Monday, with the mail, passed here for Omaha on Thursday morning, with a full load of passengers.rsodaiaif.- GxsTB: The Instirate not havlaia oCered aayof HiNCXLir & Co.'s (New-Bedford,) 400 bbls.; tiie latter had October, causing the loss of from fifty to seventyhaveirhere these are properly understood aad made.provedSept. bbls.; 14th, ship Leu-is, Neil, (New-Bedford,) 45U bbls.; 15th, Jirekmessengerexpress, reports -fiveieslaad pesolar rnraates^iB «i»«-..as them a16, J/a^T!o<ja, ricrci,(New-Bedford,) 750No plant on pare with itkaowledn wiohave (iPvrOnBTABLBtr«iA^ ^T^»^" TBOTBTOWS fcr lbsIV. C. Ayt, .Soule, (New-Bedford,) 3, Mft'lcoma. Hinds, (New-Bedford,)Tbe express bound westhere on the 2d Inst., • of his fir*t ideal work, entitlcil "The Fairv (New-Bedfor i,) 240 bbls.; being few hours behind time, owing to muddy roads.Theof retarning tbe purchase money of the article, that it will give immediate relief la Rheumatism, Soi'c Thvoa:,' Bo«BS, per.**_^^^^^^Ijyon Sevrlns-niaeklneandthedaughterCampeachy,COMBINATION CUSHIONS. _^.New ImprovemeBta, pateated Sept. W, lUO. PrteoB re-Sfe^J1»:AyaSa^:ij;..www.fultonhistory.com^|££-;^:n^t^tammsiiimcattle.;podncts'ebwaeb iripittf.'explodedSasFxucisco,Saturday,Oct.20—3:40P.M. AaatherBayreasTelegraphed. Severalpersonswerekilledandwounded. 6,Satnu1coa'c.l—scAktpi.dsM.resldenoa,laTorkvUe,onSBntay-nia Steampression Is that the engines can be removed uninjured, and will be worth $40,000.The Granada was owned by M. O. RoaJST!, of Y TheNew-York, and left that port on the 14th ofSinclair,last circumstances of her lossof Saspenslan Dlplematiethe 8th year of her age,from Peruat < oVsloek P. U., the ship l>eii)g In IJ fathoms • dfesslng-a note to tbe Government eaplalningliis rea- $4,oeoio •e.OML The aceUent occurred whUetthe atantdeathof three-persons, the mntilat^aadllagsr-were boardedby pilot-boatNo. and the 2,Officialthe old jlouat Vernon nUlls, fell to thewith a loud aresh, serioosly Injurlnf one man, anddisjiatchesrepresentjoiningcreating loss ofworkmen la thatside to. It was now high water, dense fog, and the The suspension of two houses In Btdtimore, Iroin reach of the falUng mass. He ran only a short dis- he has acquainted himself with the practical operationis broken. The Granada has been for several yearsemployed in the Southern and California mail sendee,and was, in July last, sent out with the Moses Taylorto form a new Califonda line. She was valued at$1SO,000, and there was no insurance on her. She wasan .\ 2 sldp, and had, previous to her leaving New- It is notlAXiv. KavABB BaM»f,M.iXav. D. W. aasac, AfllUAa.: Bav. O. r. A. Bmnamsea-boat, was well fitted for the service she was des- not been since 18S0. Flag's Commercialpayingon tlie of and bnlldings where there Is hot a moderate saasant at prep-tance, when he was struck down by a timber and over speculation in copper mining stocks, has not crushed a stone. His forehead was se-the vessel thiunped badly,and soon the feed-pipe to tlie donkey engine was affected the Washington Banks in the slightest de- verely cut, and it is probable he sustained internal in-gree.A number of Southern men, just arrived here, re-attended by Drs. Brimsiiade and Adaiis.The store-house w as constructed of brick—the wallswere killed and forty or fifty scalded.Nxw-Havek, Nov. 2.—The lioiler ol the factory of Danmiles distant, for assistance. The gale now was .so and they express the confident opinion that several tion is that tbe piers wlUch supported the Cfcntre of the furious that all hands were obliged to abandon her to States nil! secede in case of LitrcoLH's election. building were not suflicicnuy firm to support the hadGless opens the Theatre with jErFEKSON to-mor- greatPortions of the wallrow ,with flattering prospects of success.Q.DispatchExecutionoraUatricidb.—EzraBrainerd from a two per cent, toBev.Bb.T*«»i»,BiW.g.& asnttAKUBno^' *:•CSXAT AJNMf'nMr"- IN CHINA..ANB «lJj|«.generallyknown ttiat there is notreatyfor having murdered his mother some months since. a twelvemonth towards York, been thoroughly overhauled, and being a good existing between the United States and Chill, and has Since his conviction strong efforts have been made tofor a CaloricEngineIntined to enter.Thedestined for New-York, $9,000 for England, and State Department has resulted in the ascertainment of scene of his life. He wTitesOn aad after TtfSSBAT, «M last, we^sdf see FVU. SESTlKtBR'WCHINA ANBOULBB. OoBprMacCortez sailed thisma with $I,022.S6« in treasure. Of this $911,600 wasat Three Rivers would seem to indicate that authority of Congress in 1656. state that the treaty of Eaepwears far from in his mind. A corres-steamshipmorningfor Pana-$20,000 for Panama. Tlie Cortez also took sliver ore to the value of $60,000, and 2S0 passengers.XSFIXCBSAT «»PKB.I hangman proceeded to pinion bis victim in enables the Croton Board to levy a tax on eonsumera The China is ths very ponH «aAtJ>rsfWHlalThe funeral of on the Brig.-Gen. Clau,and thetbe dimly-ligbted dungeon, screened \3y tlie closed door from the looks of the people In the jail haU. The constables whoproportioned to the consumption. ~ Chtea, and tke {Bass is Bich Cat aadwas attended by all the military and a large concourse ofColonel £. BaK£b, the Senator elect fromarrived at San Francisco on the 18th of October, and will leave for Washington on the 11th of November.OoDEK to convey his body after execution to Mel-awarded ato an Ericsson Caloric Engine exhibited at their recentWe are oaly enabled to offer tlieabsTS at Wtl in conseqaenoe of kaving seoaredtheai fenalkei fkctnrer St a great bargals, for cask, aadia^cession to the command of the fomia by the death of Gen. Clasx.of Cah-Juan CHie&tlon will practically come before the two ated for tbe purpose. The Sheriff promised to comply " You are pinching me, you are beginning toGINE. AT NO. 164 DUANE-ST.. NEW-YORK.SEND FOR A PAMPHLET. OPFICLAL DKAWINGS. BT TILEOBAPB,OF THBI^GAIilZBD L.OTTKKCES.redaction.Those deafaoas of ssoaxing saesf: '=There are no new features in the political canr^iss,but all the as so will parties say, goes Pennsylvaniaprobably go California and Oregon.point.^^^^^^^_^Conflagrations. FIEK AT ST. JOSKPB, MO.pinioned, a rope was placed round his waist and the led by the Sheriff proceeded up the twoSarty of stairs to the room to Ights leadmgplesse call early, as our stsek of tkeaaisll Abw, on hand tke fbllowiac, tiUdi vers IICr. Hanghvont tat Korope, at lov rates.RICH DEOOKATBO DDnnS BITS fre» fSLaRICH DECORATES TEA SETSfMaaBS BRONZES, FABIAN 600IW. *e.,,jW^>^B. T. HAUBHW<wF«Nos.488,4Waad4*1Broadway. KicB CAsnntm.SMITH ALOCNSBBBTt No. tt( Bioaivav, anFALL IMFOBTATIOH8 OB CKmSl MEDALLIONS,-TBLTBT8, TAnSlkT,OREGON.Advices from Portland are to the 13th of October. 'the room the executioner took hand off hisBsaibibd'sAvember next, has passed the lower House of the Legis- lature, the object being to nullify the late Congres-pBSi,sionalelected by the people.Democrat waselection,Breckinridgecalmly gazing out into the rain. The haogman step- out on the and down the noose.Departmentmissioner of each nation in relation to that disputed murder me too soon." The convict<ISth,. ; iaa Olass -ware, tke ttbrie fiaadaJTSdir^il."iexpect-ed, be completed during the present year. The San twenty dollars in gold among his effects be appropri-2,000, many" menwere'tobeseen,simultaneouslyexclalmedj Lr voila, tevoita,'- and swayed to and fro for a few mo- ments, eagerly looking up at Bbaissbd, who stoodsaid, Bxaikkbh, yourself, repent atourintheSouthwest,thatwhilemuchtendent,onthe3dofOctober,givinganaccountofconsumed.TheprincipallosersareG.P.Livebmobi,Creator."Wordstothiseffectherepeatedtvrlce, the(oUowlagarethensmbendrawathisday>flMn St WaaUnctoB—Tke FeeHng at the Saatk.lOtmtrfdenct fftke JVnr- r»ri Ttmei. W«iBixwoa, Wednesday, Oct 31, I6IM.confineIttothatlocality,andtheymaysucceed. St. Joseph, Mo., Saturday, Nov. 3.DELAWARE, KSNTUCKT, AND laSBOtFRI STATE LOTTERIES,ACTHORIZKD BT THE LESISLATUBK.when aThe Dallas Slmtntainefr contains a letter written as was supposed. It was confined to the square in pMerd. Caron dr"op pullehdumble Rev. Governor of the State of Delaware to saperintead theThe lire last night did not prove as destructivefrom tlie Vmulfilla Indian reservation, by its Superin- which which it broke out. Only six buildings were in t^n minutes you will be no more, and facing your drawings of the DeUvare State Lottery, do eertitr thatbrothers nnmed Keith arrived here yesterday, report- clotliinging that the train to which thoy belonged had been at-;goods little damaged;fully insured. West-'S, 1800.6, 34, 28, 40, 21, 72, 60, 70, 13, 7, 52, 19, 51.Bsst styles Bnallsh TAPB8TBT. Ma. toOF A1IIERIC4N ITOaanEt'^"emsa. cd dam- pleted,executioner placed the noose around his neck, havingHideaged. H. D. IIabe, furniture; loss, $S.O0Oinsured no insurancedrawn the black down over his capHEAOIr.gaTniHzed landar special LegialatlTewind would blowloss, $5,000: no insur;iuce. W.m exrlaimrd. in low to tiieWitness our hands, at Wilmington, Dei., GEORGE C.Nov. 1860. the Gracfenberg ?^insured fur $5,(i"0.people out-side,GORDON, JOSEPH SEAL,The fire wus accidental.THELATKHREIN THK CIIFROKEE NKUTRAL LASD^. visi rs. and refused to bt- baptizedin the gabization sonntry.TisTiHoiriALs aseABBorsas FimusHED firom sach mFleonrida.m MianasH Sara bm^LK.iVENWottTU, Salurd;iy, Nov. 3....., -iTheFortScottUnnocrat,ofOct.27,conlirms tosufferliorriblythe Cherokee Neutral Limds, by the order of the In- cient to dislocate his neck. Whirling rapidly aroundAffairs in New-Haven.to the northwest coast. THE LATE BOILEB KXPLO8I0N—BODY RECOVERED— system. It will abnost inatactly relieve griping in the(^ the inhabitants of the Union, but the inde- was to thoroughly explore the coast for preciouspendentBepublicofSouthCarolinawouldcontain metalsasfarasSitka. Shewasfittedupwitlitwo Theboy,HenryRice,whowaskilledbythe Orever&Baker'sCelebratedNSSS—BlLIOUSHESS—HiABTBC-aX Flatulence—VTawt or Appetite—DrsFsrsiA—J Complaint—Gaii'j.N'OB.parttwo slares to one white person—or, in other words, two domestic enemies to one citizen.ADBdr*bratedScbastopolRussian, well known as a success-factory, yesterday,was foimd imder the ruins lastSERIOUS AFFRAY.New-Havek, Saturday, Nov. 3.if not ipeediiy remedied, end in death.NUMBER THREE, ANDKEADY TO-UAT, AT U O'CLOCK.ADTERTI8INO ASBNOTFOR ALL NEWSPAPERS FUBUBRKB THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES ANBBRITISH FB0TINCE8LNo. 41 Park-row, New-Tork Tiaaes Baldlas. JOHN HOOFER k CO.N. B.—Advertiseaaents Inserted at tks FabUAsnLOWEST CASE ADVANCE RATES.—CossrirATios—HsADAeus-- T—On account of their great mildness, andjthat ni-ver nauseate, or leave tks J they gripe,constipated condition, tke Graefintterg PiBramore pleasant than any otktr*. ...perbox. OatkenoiM00K» be sentby tasil, freeofpeslSflat MSnearlyJous Kane lives, but with no hope of his life. Baldwin and Gsoaos Dx Wolf are very low.seriousat thelate last which Geo. S. Staf- roBD, printer, was stabbed in the abdomen and is not The wounded man and two friendsafiray TemplecityCnre of Hernia.—Dr. 3. K. MARSH, of the well-known bouse of MARSH & CO., No. 2 Vua«y-Bt..to live.were in a dispute with three students, whose names ment will satisfy p;itit.-nt9 or their physicJHna that he ise RefcrtneProf. A. P. I'EABonv. 0/ Harvard Uawersitg, JuaC Rev. £. H. Cmjpix, p. p.. of N'ts- York.expectedare Baldwin, Bsldbn and McCcllock. Belden usedture, however compIic:Ued. A visit to their eetahlish-sra of this paper.8TODAKT PIANOS.GRAND, SQUABS AND PIOCOUI. Tke best aaofactared.under theIjih, UeraiiKs, Otheara, (New-Bedforrl.) 750 bbls.; The thermometer stood at 32^ at 7 o'clock this morn- All machines warranted to give better satufaction Bursa. Scalds, Cuts, Spasma, Sore Breasts, Pains in theremark by the viewWhis- 400 bbls yori/, Sawent,Aua. 27, RoUrt Edwards, Wood, (New-Bedford,)passed_Civil War In Yucatan. Nxw-0rleah3, Saturday, Nov. 3.eSicacy.proprietor guaranteed,penalty700 bbls.; sept.aCo.others In refunded. Agentsier„eoalnoa!oo=joKs.ulo EKbmbmfom^lrlnm-VBOLBSALKB .Nxw OaLSASS,Nov. 3.Saturday,The steamer Htbant lias arrived &om Havana, Mistei »y J. MeLane. Whately,The tow-boat BtUlichiB Bothn. Ko. U* WestUUk-a*., oaKsatarpflofthe ship up be acceptable to tbe Washington Cabinet. In store-housefngrain,aadintherearofIttheelevator destractienofUibandUmb..floors ofbe put In lo-day. Toe wheat was carried down wltb the store-house, together with about 500 barrels of flour, -most of whlcn win be saved provided it can be secured before the fall of more rain, of which there isslowly under the control of the pilot, Capt. Howis be- diplomatic iotercouise between the two countries. store-house—was a large structure, 75 by 60 feet in Injuring John Dutcber, of Kent. Connectlcnt. Damageving in the pilot-house looking out for the engine bells* The sentiment here, outside of the Administration, is size, but only about one-quarter of fell (the north- to property, $6,000.nt«H AMD wjavssu Are a tftf^iMflt neeasatiaa sf IThey sighted Mile Ruck and the pilot look his de- all in favor of theparture, therelioui, and in ten niinutes afterwards BccHARAN will stibmit the issue to Congress for action.positionexploded, killing Walter W. Brigsa, aaaistant-«ngl- paper Beer, and severely injuring C. C. Stearns, engineer.ThebuUdinyeiected last Fan wasas aCalorie Engine, zxoin explodlDg withthe Government transmitted Hr. Clat's discharged canoes of ybeat into (be baUdiaa. Aboutin^^m^reply,passport, wifli a reiteration of their argument ip an- swer to his note. Seaor,ZA0AXXA is instructed to re- main here until further orders from Lima, when he,t wishcUff wheat were the nine thnnsaw stored'hponwhichjiNBiqasnoK ACISITthisAecideBt to Senator Doaclas.9*t'tbeTtthyeirHer lilent watcheatioB of the Heart- Diei-iness-Nervonsneae—Headache—Rcatlesnss^*Disturbed Sleep—Flashes of Heat-Acid Stomach—Naaaea—Indigestten—DMBcnlt oasslng of Urine wiOi heat or amarting— Itchiag—BHming or Irritation of the Ccedae OefBaa—Anxiety—Nervous Twitching- , Irritable Temper—gsdfiess , Flatalenoe—Unpleasant Drsaias—PainOrgans—Nombaess "^^^j^la^—s "h~^~ THE 0RAEFENBEB6 lSI^A~FInUe ScJLMB AMERICAN BAN»-OTINJrBtw^d. < Baage, lost SMSflsrA£?S1ffiS5%S tdtedfsrwoodarseal, sad.C^MenoonxsT,Ala., Saturday,Nov. 3.—ONLY ONE PERSON INJURED.years,READT TO-IMT AT '• .-Tground variously estimated at fromatpoitien Uw-mlll trereecouired a few mements earlier, some sir or seven workmen woold have been carried down wltb the rains, aad nndoubtedly killed.the building. Bad ten boat loads more were to;it otf. He sfood facing east, andMedical Establlafament is __ g»owing to the rain the rope had stifteneil, and when cut did not close on the victim'sWOOD, EDDY & CO., WihBlnjrton, DeL. or St. Lonls, Mo.1HB BATTIiB OF LAKE BBIK.WRITTEKRXPBBSSl.YfORNew-York. No. 182 Fulton-It., Brooklyn.MorchrRdV Blaglc Eyc-Wnter. TUK BEST IN THE WORLD.2ri cents a bottle.I). O. MOREHEAD, >f. D., No. 19 Walker-3t., N. Y.Sold by all good druggists.to the adaptation of his Radical Cure Truss to all cases of rup-ciul JEcroil. E. ANtRONT, jjj Broadway. 'BsaTUSbaw,(oftbearmofShaw.from Bapert^fcCe..) of New-York, ar- Roekport HI., to Hiss Blviba W. MoUON. daogWer »(Nov, 6.1giv«8ieitl1><BL Esaplrt Oty TeaWar-.Uuus•e','^No^.v'tl^wC^strlt'j.B.II«(t«B<JeN-t«(¥tateiy.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069i-l-.-morning.aad was rescued unin-Intercearse jured. Both returned inunediately to the hotel here. LOTTX Ada, eldest chUd of Wm. T. and Elizabeth W.BnlldlBcInMILLS DESTROYEDthe premises of Messrs. Oax & Co.,manuiacturers. and used by workmen engagetllnmaking an addition to the Messrs. Oaa's factory. Un-der these sheds several laborers had been at worka minute before the fall. Only one man, Patbick Glai>- establishments, and in bac iastance a neto_out from the building, still remains, but as the end auppoaed to be burled under the ruins. The cause of connected with the store-house is now unsupported, the explosion is unknown. Tbe canal and railroad track it is feared that the weight of the other portion is so are covered with ruins.INSURANCE.In consequence of tbe entire safety of the Caloric En-gine, tbe erection of one in any building does not affect the rate of iBBurance. A steam-engine raises the rate.^as to endanger its fall.this morning were in a badsltnatlon and liable to fall at any moment. Workmen have already been set at work removing the rubbish and securing the wheat.figure that amounts to an abso- was htmg at Three Rivers, C. W., on the 25th Inst, lute prohibition. The saving on Insurance will fo far in,--i'Khave himwretched dogerel which he has had publlshe(i in a, '"Shortly before n o'clock a door leading to the convict's cell was closedneck and drew back the bolts of thewhich was tbe drop. As he did so the crowd, which nov\ amoimtedtoabout andinwhich wo-:doortoutsideWOOD, EDDYIt CO., MANAOEXS oftheH eeats per bottle.^•^"•'^^^oaMeButAm Car. SeeretMT Aawrieaa lastW^wvmmm nmBiBuU-cPBAsC.KMa.steppingGov. Webtcott, ofRi:y. S.BoiiiB.oj' Ike Methodist dmrch,Hrn. J. R. Bki»'gs. Svpen-isor County ofNms-VII^^and from leading Divines, rfaysiclana and pablieads^ y ~Previous notices and teslimoniale have eatahliahed the fact that THE ORAEFENBERG C'OMPANTV MARSHALL'S UTERINE CATHOUCON i* ths aa^core for those diseases whichwomen, from the age of IS ii|isbiiI ailBiisMli Is itfujn' tent only fcBown to tkemselves. Vbsse dIseasB'S r married and single, and ne aodal |iinUlwfc «againstthem. Besidetheloealatciiner^lloBday.MhInst.M. ManJoiannsisctfi^vBiili^taallsai^SiNcuia.—In Brooklyn, on Saturday. Nov. 3, Chas-inMoosx.—On Saturday, Nor. 3, at ili o'clock A. K.,Soptda Ibore,IBw«aaiBXB.—On Wednesday, Oct. 31, Souaoi Wabbi-The undersigned CoiaiBlBSloners, appointed by tbeEMra Class Ifo. ffS, Nov.W a^j;-Vo. 19 W«Iker-at., New-Ye*. iO^ SOLD BY ALL GOOD DRUGt^lSTS.s.ALLknow the wnndcrful paic-subdu;iigCbilblains,other external 000000000OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOfl00Ml»lili3,*iVB& p*Mirw''-^-WflWBR,inBt.:1tdentloal with that eotlyheaUkyvstssa. CidtiWtriik<Tm XrniAUMMSPamOaaJBemsaAgiwMMi. At Ml Bnadway, Vev-TaifaMaB»v. JflAI..Id.THObUeCONaaay (ally depended upon. should be avoided.ot_iHr, osAaania'dollar four boxesany part of tbe eoaatry.,I- N•^-- l»-r]:M^ 