 ant-0---.. Mu* k b*• proposals, requiring thatffc* contract bo approved by paeft the bills over the veto. The message is as fol-. .Mr.CORWIN(R>p.^Ohio);from:the^Committeeon theMayorandController,andtbatthesumshall,nbi; iow&:'Foreign A8«h-s. reported the Senate resolution appro- * STATE OFNEW-YORX, EXECUTIVEDKPAKTMENT, >!«» •ei ^ t «v.Kb.aie* -red tuna Loaa DUt* ikd;pre- until opea»vacsi; .3.Uew-lork." Tbe bill was then read and lost, 12to 10. severing, however, in her endeavor* to extricate her " An act to authorize the construction of a Railroad in Tenth Mr. Abell moved a reconsideration, which was laid husband, Donald seized her by the hair, and made Aj Mr.pby, »nn is roaaarafccW13.a tha mentthat- hem>CS*Vdnot ks of Xawe of here. *tiona favor dstinee he Ad-;fin the x. evi- aaiter ijaoain'& trip Falls, ion towould oaaty, usnor-, bd- ir per'stnem- iuuans nitor* io-dayweal; of taeiBine«8 to the in tae lation w be-660. :ON.n have on aod i£g de*£>ele-. f Gen. rooms » h a v e de««rs.KingISGO. iat In* y to be ufvilfe,tilia is force*indebted to the latter for anything important,either in scienie? literature, or art. If the South shouldaccept the theories of the Senator from New-York (Air.fie-wana), it WOSid puzzle him to point out a practicalmethod by which his theories could be earned out.The:e is a universal law of nature existing throughoutthe animal and vegetable world, that^fs nowhere ex-ists without the requisite cenditiors for its support.The negro will go wherever there are the conditions ofhis existence, wherever his labor will be profitable,and wherever, under the protection of his master, ha"WiH be free from that competition which will be hid To the Editor of The A*. Y. Tribune. death and bis destruction, and he will go nowhere**••.A bill providing for a commission to survey the har- bor of San Francisco, and report to the next Legisla- ture whether a bulkhead is neces^arv to protect the narbor, aitd, if necessary a plan for f's conrtruction, b»3 alieady been introduced in the Senate, and will beA-Bat -••SjSBHB•SP* wf"fpw nq '•'•".'•"'--'•' t •••mere than ten of second-class, nine of thir^-class, and manners. In reply, he would say that when any out- six of fourth-class.80 to 22; Tenth avenue and Forty-second street, 82 to 23; Fourteenth street, 80 to 23; Seventh avenue, 81 to 22. The Senate passe i and sent back to-the Assembly tbe Houston-Sbeet Railroad bill amended by substituting the name of Peleg Hall in place of Samuel Brown, and adding tbe name of John Casbow, Edward R. Tinker, Francis Reynolds, John Coyle, and G. R. Jackson as corporators; also giving the Legislature the power to amend or repeal the act, and declaring the Company a body corporate in.fact, and in law, by the nsme of the Houston <Sc Spring- Stiec' Railroad.Company; also soni* other amend- ments were made, intended to meet the objections of the Governor, including the payment to tbe city of one mill on each passenger carried. The Assembly con- curred in the amendments, 81 to 14,A DIRECT TAX.Seeing that there is no loDgor any hope of revenue from lailroad tolls, the hill to levy a tax of 1| mills, to mt e-t the interest on the cannl debt, was taken up and ordered to a third leading. This, witi bills heretofore passodj makes the aggregate tax 4 mills. The bill was Subsequently pa5sed, receiving 67 votes, most of thetial provisions, and are"deficient in other respects of those safeguards which I deem necessary to the pro- tection oiT the public interests, that I am constrained to withhold my signature from the "bills herewith re- turned. That the privileges proposed to be conferred in these acts are deemed of .great pecuniary value, needs no other elucidation than the fact, that respon- sible individuals stand ready id pay a large bonus into the treasury of the City of New-York for tbe franchises conftrreu upon the persons named in these bills, with- out coeo or equivalent.right to bury other bodies there; witness had nevor known two bodies to be buried in a grave of this kind.Cross-examined—The price of a grave without a deed, for * child, is $4, and with a deed, +7.Direct examination resumed—The Company published the rules and regulations, which are distributed to undertakers and the community; it is Mr. Hope's duty to teii persons purchasing; graves what rights they have; Messrs. Yost and Falkner were very much excited the day they came to the cemetery^; the grave was reopened for them, and upon opening the third ooffia, Mr. Yost Identified the body as that of bis child; witness recol- lected remarking (when the body of the child was taken up at the Jt-rsey City CemKery snd identified as that of Mr. 01U'») tt *t quite a change had taken place since it was iat.cn up'first; A r. Yost's child was removed from the New-York Bay Cemetery < <n tbe 13th of January, and witness again saw it taken up on the 24 :b of March; he had no doubt but that the body taken upon tfce> 13th WBStbe same one h* saw at the Jersey City Cemetery Oft tho 24th of March; the second cotlin taken up was a mahoginy * one, au«t the third, wLich Mr. Yost took away, was a whitewood coffin- •' iInaudible.Wrthout disposing of the ajatfer, the special ordercame up, beinK Mr. Brown's Territorial resolutions. Mr. LA THAM ^Dem., Cal.) said, it is now eighty- fbnr yeaxa-since this country was admitted into the fan- fly of nations, during which time she had been favore i "with unbounded, prosperity, and millions had flockedlution heretofore passed for that purpose, and that the Senate be informed hereof.„ Mr. COKKLING (Rep., N. Y.) moved to lay the resolution on the table.'Negatived—79 against 88.Mr. CONKLIN G moved to adjourn, saying in re-•'i ! S f e S ^ § £ W&? Mass> introduced abUl to pro- rtAnother proposition was to adjust the whole subject taken before Justice Medcraft, at Newark, charged by the substitution of &bill embodying the principle of with having stabbed Andrew Chriehelm, wife dad.MAYSLAVESLEARNTOREAD?FfiBST 8KSSION.SENATE WASHOHWO^Ap«Q16,I860.- Mr. WILSON (Ben, Haas Vintroduced a bUifor thea c r e effectual supp reesioa of the sla-ve- fcmdo. I t is aIbiH of nine sections. It pxovifea for the constructionof five e?-»em ecreW 4do«jf^ef-w*.r, adapt? d to the Afri-can ooart; increases tne btunty frottt twenty-liveSo «n* nnxkdr&d demure; O*,H a reward ofone hundred dofiara fo* delivery *o the TJ\ 8. M*»hal<£,anys'avelandedinthecountry;makesthefifingnoie subject. . -ALBANY, Monday, April 16,1860.RAILROADS VETOED.« <*e«t&; makes it fcnminal for a abm n«-»*dignified, and impartial manner in which he has dis- gneit8 became very abusive. Chriabelm thea ordered ment, $2,300 for Watminng Beekman street aoroes the H ^r^Wit 0 ^ e Assembly, in which they originated^ charged tbe duties of presiding officer of the Senate. tbe men to leave the house, which they refosed to do, Park, and $1,500 per annum for the Coi?«ncm CoroiciL « e following bills, authorizing the construction of The Assembly bill in relation to Harbor Masters was, and on bis attempting to put them out, Donald ^rew a8C aM v S S • i S v a a b M ? t o t h * 8 a j a e Committee.toIt was poetponed till the 1st of May.The Senate has patsed the harbcr-masters' bill. 10:10o'clock,p.m.—TheAssemblyhasjasttakenthe"should be taken, while fimitmg and equalizing follows: ... •8a d be eh iJ^iJii^ ? ' ^^Mr.SHERMAN(Rep.,Ohio)fromtheCommitteeof Ways and Meat s, reported a joint resolution, appro-"the rates of faie on all railroads in that city,YEAS—Messrs.1Bell, Goes, Montgomery, J. M.1Murphy, Prosser, Rotch. Truman, WarnerA**i 1 TM ? ^ ? ^ ^ ? ? * t ^ l>TMehed fi«t and heard &evemlnveetigat:ng Committees. Passed.e Uafterward. The Senator from Virginia had taken that as a precedent.Mr. WEBSTER (S. Am., Md.) introduced a bill pro- vidiigfor the appointment of a commiesion to ascer-by a vote of 82 to 25, and the others will of course go the eaine way.present to listen to the proceeding*.John 8. Wood testified that he is Superintendent of the New-there is an an irrepressible conflict between IVee tiled."N.C a l i f o r n i aSPRINGFIELD, Mo., Monjjay, April 1G, 1860.port for Petersburg, VaM with a cargo of ice, is ashore at Monomoy, but will probably get off on rise of tide..Xabor and Slave Labor is nothing but an abstraction.H e deprecated the means by which the Republicanparty roce into power, and denied that the negro had•ever advanced in intelligence for centuries. Tne irre-Xcu> York, April 13,1860.bisdutyto pro-"to render the valuable franchise a source of in-priating $4S,0C0 toward paying the expenses of the vote on Avenue D Road, and passed it over the veto "come to the city." It was obvious, therefore, Garcirer, Hammond, Kttchum, Lapham, Munxoe^Ramsey, Sp Mr. Winfield for def» nd«nt. A large number of persons wereNESv^ORBL-'^St iUSS^5's ^BaOhio)jacyedtotablethojJLatest Stoings of t&el@Hi3SEnn^@^^!^1^correspondent.a i I r \ M 5 - s O I f « ^ that-the Senator had u*ed 3augua?e ya.makingoppositionU>amotion,which,sofarasMstainandrecommendapropersitefor aNationalTOLLS ON RAILROADS.. 'York Bay Cemetery, and keeps a register of M» ^nwtfip;* theinterestsofthecitizens of New-Yorkwas, Munroe,Ramsey,R'chmond,Williamu. ofSeptemberhut;therecordshowedthat»lxbediesinallwerethat the grants for this purpose which might be • NA YS—Messrs. Bell, Goss, Montgomery, J. M. Murphy, buried in tbat grsve: parUt* burying in tho stranger*' groundmteroonxse with gentlemen weut, he had never heard ri&sa cutaide the Senate. He could not take it as per- Bonalry offensive. The Senate was the bast judge of •what WK9 due to its decorum.Foundery.Mr. HICKMAN, from the Committee on the Judioi-ary, reported a bill, which was passed, organizing the Ceujns Board. It providea that the Secretary of the Interior may employ one chief clerk and such otherrv Twelve O'ClocJc p. ?«.—-Tbe Seaate and House have both adhered to their positions on the^ailroad Toll question.THE CITY BAILUOADS.mode.Bhould impose suitable conditions, in view of the valuable franchises granted; should guard against the abuse of the privileges conferred, and should require the services to be performed at the least cost to tha public, consistent with the obligations imposed. It isProsser, Rotch, Truman, Warner.The Senate passed the bill to amend the Brooklyn Sewerage act, so as to permit tbe authorities to ssll their bonds at 7-per cent instead of G.have no right to place headstones or any otoer mementoes around the graves; the Company do not dispose of the title to the** graves: witness was present when Mr. Jfost came d>wn to see If his ooffin was mahogany or not; according to fats books, the f rst coffin Wren up contained tbe .body of a stiU-born, the second that of a child fifteen months old, and the third that of Mr. Yost's child; this coffin was of whitewood ; a person par-BMr. SUilNER »r.id the Senator from Virginia, in hiseelf-conildence, had undertaken to lecture hun oa clerks of first-clues as the service may demand, notThe other Railroad bills have been paesed over theveto. Tbe South and West streets Road by a vote of because the bills before me fail to embody these essen-The Senate concurred in the House amendments tothe bill to provide for tbe payment for work done audmaterials funushed for ceitain part3 of the Erie Canal chaslng a grave is en'itlrd to a deed, and the Company have norage comes before the Senate he should speak o'it as it deserved, and if any precedent from a bad placeShould apply, he should not hesitite to use it.Mr. BONHAM (Dem., S. C.) offered a resolutionproposing that when the House adjourn on Friday it0» to the first of May, in order that the seats and desksenlargement.On motion of Mr. Blood, the thanks of the Senatewere tendered to Mr Lapbam, President pro tern, of the Senate, for the dignified and satisfactory manner in which he has discharged the duties of tbe Chair.On tbe motion of Mr. Rotch, the thanks of the Sen- ate were tendered toMr. Terwilliger, the Clerk of the Senate, for the fidelity, promptitude, and energy with which he has" discharged the important duties of his cftice. A similar tender cf thanks was presented to Mr. Fairman, the Journal Clerk, on the motion of Mr.Mr MASON briefly replied, bat his remarks were of members may be restored, in accordance to a reso-sponse to Mr. Ashmore that he intended to resist it by to our shores: He thought tha>.in this time we had ad- all fairmean^, for any length of time, a vote beingI deemed some return to the city simply equitable,' Warner.vanced in ^political ethics to the extent that we bad in owr material progress. The Bank, Tariff, and, last and not least, the all-absorbing and mischievous question of Slavery, bad all become secular. In the Infer, the widest scope had been given, and the most selfish pas- sions prevailed. He proceeded at length to show that there was no irrepressible conflict between labor andcap-taken on the resolution.A VOICE (from the Democratic side)—Lst a squarevo'e be taken on the resolution.The House refused to adjourn, 73 against 90.Mr. W ASHBURN (Rep., Me.) moved that whentl ey adjourn it be until Wednesday next, and there-because the streets have be^n opened, graded, and ren- ceied ready for the reception of the rails proposed to be laid down, at the expense of property udders, aud that a suitable payment into tbe City Treasury would to that extent alleviate the burden of taxation which pietees so heavily upon its citizens. Or, if this method were deemed objectionable, it would have contented n-.e had the bill in question so reduced the fares, for tbe transportation of paseengers, so as to have proved a veritable benefit to the humbler classes of c.tizene who are driven far from the centers of business by the bi^h rents prevalent in the more accessible districts of the cityi • In this respect, also, the bills before me fail to conform to the intimations contained in my annual message. "Whi'e it is notorious that the profits of the existing railroads in the City of New York are vastly dlepropciticned to the amount of capital actually inveEf,ed~ the roaas now proposed are alio ?rea to conformA motion to adjourn to-morrow, at 11a.m., was laid on the table to-day.The 8enate passed the Assembly bill to erect a new town from the towns of Castleton and Southfield, Richmond County, to be called Middletown. Also the Assembly bill to provide for the opening of Paca ave nue, in the County of Kings.The Senate tabled the Assembly's amendments to the Pro-Rata bill.Mr. Spinola offered a resolution, preceded with sev- eral whereases (aimed at the Governor), that when the Legislature adjourn on Friday next, it adjourn till the 4th of May, which goes- to the table under the rule.THE CENTRAL P ARK.The President announced the Special Committee to invettigate tbe Central Park as Messrs. J. M. Murphy, MoDroe, and Rotch.Mr. Richmond, from the Committee on Cities andChristian Y ost testified—I lost a child on the 13th, and buried it on the 15th of September last; I applied to Mr. Hope, and told him I wanted a middle-sized coffin, not a common one; I •wetted to bury my child at the foot of the biJ), but Mr. Hop\» said the grounds would be closed soon, and I bad better have it buried at the New-York Bay Cemetery; when tho child we* buried, the grave was opened about five feet; it was fiUod and rounded up before we h-ft; tbe charge for the coffin was $6"; af- terward, m talking to Mr. Falkner, we foond that our chlldrei were bo'h buried in 'he same grave, No. 728; the next day we wenk to the Cemetery arid had our children taken up: the drst coffi^ was within a few inches of the top of th« ground; the third oat- fin, Mr. Wood said, contained my child ; 1 said it was not my child, mine was In a mahogany coffin; he said it was, according to his books; they then opened the coffin and I saw it was my child; we then removed the bodies to the Jersay City Cemetery; a bouquet was placed upon thegbreast of my child; 1 was at the grave subsquently, in tho Jersey City Cemevery, when they took up the coffin from my grave; 1 found it was a little baby, and not my child; 1 then went with them to the New-Y ork Bay Ceme- tery, when they took out a mahogany coffin from the vault, and upon opening It I immediately identified my child-John Falkner gave evidence mainly corroborative of the pre- vious witness. The plaintiff then re*ted the case.Edward Hope, jr., defendant, teitified—Mr. Yo»t came to ms last Fall to bury a child; I furnished him a plain m*hog«ny coffin, and buried the child in the New-York Bay Cemetery; first heard of trouble about this affair in January, when Mr. Y ost came and said he found his child on top of the ground; after h»» had removed it to tbe Jersey City Cemetery, Yost accuted m« of selling him a whitewood coffin; I sold htm merely the right to bury; the coffin I sold him was made of baywood side* and S;. Domingo lid; wben we all went down to the Cemetery, tha child was In the same coffin that 1 sold to Yo*t; there was a. mold from dampness on the shroud, and attached to ths> coffin.Cross-Kxomlned—1 said, on the other tria , that the ooffiu wax bay wood; fthat' is a species of inahogwiy; 1 told Yost that 1 would nooncr sell him a grave than the privilege of buriaLYo».t—"That's a lie."To a Jnror—1 did not offer $100 to have this matter settled; I went to Ycst's house to persuade him to raise the coffin.Louis Raynor testified tbat lie went with Mr. Hope to Mr. Yost's house to get his consent to have the coffin raised. f\>r the purpeso of deciding whether the coffin was mabogauy or rot; Yost refused, saying that he had already had the oftin taken up twice.Charles A Stewart, an undertakerin Grand street, N. \ ., te titled that bay wood is mahogany, but of a softer quality ih* other kinds.G*crge T. Bradley, Register of the Cemetery, testified t Y'ost came to his office and ."ta^fd tbat he had been down to Cemetery to see about bis child ; that ho found hi* coffin 1 upon the ground; witness told hun that it could" hofbe p'osland that lie must be mistaken ; Yostimiftrtd tbat it was: witi... ofl'erod to make inquiry on the following Monday, bat Yost wen«. away saying that be would remove the body at once.upon demanded the yeas aud nays. He wanted Penn- Ital. There was no C*p-.tal State without its being sylvania to understand whether they want a tariff or& Labor State. Mr. Latham proceeded to show rjr.f the superiority of the Caucasian rase to thenegro race, saying that the world were not ^Mr. STEVENS (Rep., P a ) wished to know whetherfce threatened is the creation of Northern politicians " It was not Irrie That tbe slives were not allowed to learn to for their own ends. It really exists nowhere. Afri- r-:»*. Th#y axe no* allowed to learn to write, for that would be can Slavery haiexisted inthiscountryfromthefor- dangerous."mation of the Federal compact down to the present I have the laws of Georgia before me, and on page period, and we have flourished with it. Tae Northern 828, section 280, of Cobb's Digest of the Laws offFire in Grand Rapids, Mieli. G-KAND RAPIDS. Monday, April 16, 1860.States have got rid of it Wcause it was not profitable fox them. But they have done little or nothing toward improving the condition of the negroes in their midst. Take the negro as a class, Liberty has neither improvedGeorgia, I find the following: /shall proem*, sufler, or permit a sHve, or nagro, or person of his condition nor his heart. The South lias too large a coloi to trarwict b-irintww for him in VTicing, such person so of- segro population to be willing to emancipate them, and fnxdJng sball be jmilty of a misdemeanor, ar.d on conviction shill thus abandon them to idleness and vice. The bouth be pur.i*hed by fine or imprisonment in the common jail of theloss about, $25,000; insured for $8#000.Marine Blasters.CHA THAM, Mass., Monday. April 16,1860.The echooner Flora King,, from Sullivan, Me., foraccordance with the requirements of public interest. But the privileges conferred in these acts, authorizing insome cases tbe entire engrossment of streets, are with-rout limitation; and if. at any fu ure time, the use of thesepublic avenues should be demanded for other purposes, there is no determinate period to which the inhabitants•does not possess the same facility with the North to replace black labor with white labor, and as regardsAgain, on page 1,001 of the same book, section 114, the cotton plantations, it cannot be done at all. The I find:New-Yoik, with a cargo of spars, is ashore at Mono-moy; lost rudder, but will probably discharge her or corporate authorities could look for a cessation ofdeck-load and get otf. the privileges now granted. Nor is there any powerThe schooner Elvira of Fas'; Machias, Clark, for or repeal these grants, however flagrant shall be the New-York, with a cargo of lumber, is ashore at Mono-€*outh has no £eevre to force Slavery into the North,any s o n tfrm the xoaoafactUT«»T deafr-es to force his".If any slave, negro, or free person of color, or any white per- son, nhall teuch any other tlave, negro, or free person of color, r© req.d or xc-riteeither icritten or printed characters, the sai-i free person of color, or slave, shall be punished by fine and wlilcping,reserved on tbe part of the Legislature to alter, modify,iubiicA upoa. a bad market. All the Sou'.h. asts in herconstitutional rights, and to refuss to admit them or fine or whipping, at tbe discretion of tbe Court; and if . is an infringement on the aacred compact by •wbit<» person no otfending, be, she, or tbey sball be punishemoy; she is full of water, and will discharge to get oft". abuses which may gro w up under them. Nor is thereThe schooner D. Bellows, Capt. Clark, from Rock- any provision in these bills, prescribing a time within P SUCTION J. Sections 2 and 3 of the 2d article of tho 1st title ofwith fine not exceeding *0tb, and imprisonment in the commo which we are bound together. The idea that jail at the discretion of the Court before whom Buch oflender iwhich the proposed railroads shall be constructed. Sscuie in tbe privileges conferred, the parties in in- terest may delay action to such time as their own con- venience bhall be best subserved. In the mean timethe fifth chapter and second part of the Revised Statute/, as amended by chap. 176 of tho laws of 1S49, and chap. 210 of the laws of It00, are hereby repoa'ed.pressible conflict was a Northern abstraction, used asa lever by sectional men for ecatterin? fanaticism and cate3 of the 26th nit., ahad telegraphic dispatches to theThe schooner Geo. W. Snow, of Deer Island, Me., «ge to the-public. Equally deficient are they in re- Monomoy, lost bowsprit and j ib-boom; will repair and cars shall run, or the distance to. which a car, whenriding on it into political power. It was due the •South that the North should let Slavery alone. He d.d not believe in t W sincerity of the Republicans who declared tbey b&d no intention' to k-terfore with Slav- ery in the States. It was incompatible, with a sectionalis in the main anticipated "by the pony express. SAN«3TIUNCISCO, March 26—noon.if it shall appear by such petition, schedule and affidavit, that March.T>e ship Ardrew Jackson, which arrived here oa tba 2-lth, made :he irip from New-Yoik in Sd days and party. If the Union is to be preserved, the irrepressi- 7 beurp, which is claimed to be the quickest trip ever ble conflict must be abandoned. The people coveted made—the famous trip by the Flying Cloud in 1854NEW-YORK LEGISLATURE. of cairjing a passenger the-whole distance he may wish to proceed, compel him to pay two or moie faresxio conflict—they wanted none. They went on in the befog 89 days ar.d 8 hours.even teror of their way, knowing >uil well tsat they The eum of $35,000 was recoived at the Mint last possessed power to put down all politicians. Califor- week fjom the Aihson Mine alone—the result of fiveSENATE.'...ALBANY, April 16, 1860. The Assembly amendments to the Pro Rata Commis-before reaching the desired point.An objection more flagrant than any to which I havenia wanted no slave code; she desired to maintain her . yeet^.d rights, to have the Constitution as ii is, and to remain Ityal to the Urion. California wanted to beneither the ally of a Northern Coi>feder&r;y or of a .Southern Confederacy; and he was surprised when his colleague stated, as was reported in the press of his own State, that she would go with the South in cate ofa d'asclnticn.Mr. G-WIN (Dem., Cal,) said he-had never said s".Auditor' Commiesioners, and applying-the Pro Rata to file any articles of association, and wTithin a month principle to roads, was taken up.The Senate refused to concur in the amendments, after organization the public may be entirely at a lossMr. LATHAM was glad to hear it, and pleated f>have given him an opportunity to deny it. His col-league knew that California's interests were in theXJruon, and that she had resources uoequaled hi anyether Stnte. He believed that if the Judiciary andExecutive failed to afford ample protection to propertyin the Territories, it was the duty of Congress to tttfori which is now engaging so much legislative attention. such protection, but he was utierly opposed to antici-Railroad Toil bill was then announced, with a message from the Assembly, that that bod;/ insists upon its own bill.Mr. SPINOLA moved that the Senate adhere to its amendments to ea;d bill.Mn WILLIAMS moved to secede. Lost. Yeas, II; Nay4, 17. .Air. SPINGLA'S.motion to adhere vras then carried, 17 to 14, which closes all further conference, and iiually kills the bill for the session.The bill repealing the act of 1851, abolishing tolls on the Central Railroad, was then taken up in the Com- mittee of the Whole.bility, prosecutions could only be maintained against individuals, and these, with no accessible public record to exhibit either their names, residence or interests, might prove altogether intangible. And, as if this im- mutity were not sufficient, the bills before me, vio- lating all just precedent, provide that suits for d-image or demand be brought exclusively "in the Coaxta of tae First Judicial District. Thus, while the persons upon whom these privileges are conferred in these acts, are residents of various-eections of the. State, litigants are compelled to resort for redress to the City or' New- York, no matter what may be tbe circumstances of the case, or how onerous the burden thus imposed.. That this is a flagrant departure from tho principles and practice which govern ordinary legal controversies cannot be qnestiohfed.pating euch an event. Ho had faith :x>. the people, and j f o n e section of the L'uion dseirtd redress, he trasted that they would find it within the Constitution aud Union. All bad the right to take their property into the Territories, which were purchased by the common blood and treasure of all. He agreed with the speech of Mr. Douglas made in the House in IS10, on report- ing the bills for the admission of Fieri ,'a aud Iowa. He wanted t o interpolatk h, no new interpretations, noriair-spritting theories. In conclusion, he spoke of the perpetuity of the Union, the affection for which was toe deeply seated in the hearts of the people to be erad-Mr. BEOWN (Hem., M ss.) said he wanted a vote now on these resolutions.Mr. B1GLER (Dem., Pa.) moved to postpone the re aolations, and take up the Patent Law biiJ.Mr. HALE.(Eep., N. II.) said he hoped the resolu- tions would not be postponed. Toere should be a vote ©n them before the Charleston Convention. Theirietds of the party now in the city were waiting for gentlemen to show their hunds.The resolutions were postponed—Yeas, 27; Nayr, 20.The bill amending the Patent laws was taken up, and amended, but without a vote on its passage, theMr. SESSIONS moved to substitute reimpoaing tolls,but allowing roads, if they so select, to csnimuto forsaid tolls, by paying $1,300,000 iu four years, or soonerif they .desire, and removing the existing restrictions I bavc thu3 briefly stated my objections to theseCATTLK—NO famine this week ! The market is at usual, thia Spring, overstocked, there being 4,041 fresh arrivals aud 120 held over, making a tptat of 4,Jtil head on sale to day. This is the largest number received here during any one week siuoe August, lbStf. There are only a few premium "Beeves here: the quality, however, is fair, and the demand brisk at a slight decline for th« best bunches. The Kasteru buy.-rs will take 1 SCO head; 454 will be retailed here, leaving 2,200 for the New-York market.RKCBIITS—The following is our comparative statement of re- ceipts at this market via the Now-York central Railroad:Senateadjourned.^in Provision*; becausethe new* from4fd>5c.(v 4 #4}c 3 •Sftjc.HOUSE OF REPRESENT A TIVES.A communication was received from the Doorkeeper, |jivin« the number- of employees under him, their *<aia-The Assembly has passed the Senate bill to regulate the sale of poison.2i'Sr2ic-I.6-:.;M .'&(.'••W . K^TTnxideistocd it was'proposed to recognize -^L,??1>Coxr^atlo£,a» &y adjourning over for them.Tabled, 11&against 72.; lTHKTAX IfcVT. -iv.was in order for Mr, Washburn thus to filiibuster. [Laughter ]Mr. FLORENCE (Dem., Pa.)—And whether a tariff is to be got in that way ?The SFEAKiLR, in response to a question by Mr. Barks3ale (Dem., Mies ), said the subject will coao up t<?-morrow.Democrats voting against it.. .Hr. W ASHBURN withdrew his motion. Aojcutned.to the . prices for the transportation of passengers Village?, reported favorably the A^ssmbly bill for thecharged by those already in operation, without any -construction of a Railroad in Houston street, andh?£, Senator Iverson of Georgi-i is made to say:county, or both, at the discretion of the-Court."T i i eO v e r l a n dM a i l .The schooner Ann, Capt. Bray, is ashore at Monomoy,full of water her cargo will probably bs saved, but the immunities granted may bs the subject of constant Application for such discharge chall bo made by tho petition of tery was much decomposed, and he considered it Impoaiible to•'Fare In §t, John's, Sflcuigatt. ST. JOHN'S, Monday, April 16, 1860.A fire this morning destroyed the following property:other restriction or reduction.Again, the bills to which I am constrained to inter-pose my objections, are grants of power in perpetuity. Ordinary prudence, would suggest that this should beether e-txeete, in New-York.CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.Tbe Governor has signed the bill in relation to cap- ital punishment. vMr. Hammond to day introduced a bill to levy a tax of one mill to meet the interest on tbe Canal debt.On Saturday evening last, the Senate concurred in the Assembly's amendments to the bill " authorizing "Notaries Public to perform the duties of Justices of " the Peace, and Commissioners of Deeds. Also, con- "'£nnmg the acts of Notaries Public." The Assem- bly's amendment consisted in. striking out all after the enacting clause, and inserting a provision contlrming all acts and duties which may have been performed by Notaries Public in the administration of oaths, ac- knowledgments, and affirmations, since April 15, 1859..Tbe Senate also passed the Assembly bill to provide for the payment of interest on Canal drafts,THE BANKRUPT BILL.The bill for the relief of Insolvent Debtors, which finally passed both branches of the Legislature, took the form of an amendment to our two-third Imolvent Law, ss follows:AN ACT to amend Article 3. Chap. 5, Title 1, Part 2, of the Re- vised Statutes, entitled of voluntary assignments made pur- pnent to the application of on insolvent debtor and his cred- itors.else. Tne Kansas question"was long since practically Sm: In the report of proceedings of yeeterday (April Munger & Bro., dry goods; J. Hicks, dry goods; avoided. Powers that are useful to-day, uiider thesettled, and Slavery will always work on? its owu 12) in Congress, contained in your paper of this morn- Vuncife, grocery; Wright, millinery goods, and The changing circum&tanses of communities, and of muni-destiny. The irrepressible corflici with which weRepnbltc&n office, with its types and press. The loss is estimated at $20,000,- with but a small insurance.dayj>' "work.The California Central Railroad is nearly completedto Lincoln, I8i miles beyond Foleom, the present ter- minus. The contract for building the road the balance of ifce distance to Mar^sviile has been let, and the work will commence immediacy, and an active move- ment has been commenced by "the same parties, who have built the Central Railroad thus far, to branch f;tm it in another direction, BOas to uni:e Sicramento aLd S'ockttn.sioners bill, naming the Controller, State Engineer, and adverted, is the u'.ter want of responsibility which pertains to these associations. Tbey are not required; advocated by the opponents of the Bnlkhead bill,A l b a n y T/irc[Reported for The8fockITXarlcel.Yh? interior papers record the progress of what they all predict is deefped td be an immense emigration of California miners to the Washoe mines. It is estimated that the number of people who caily pats over the u.o'mtain3 to these mines, already exceeds 100,and the number issteadily increasing.'Ihe Honor a Age says:'' All sre going, rich and poor, miners, farmers, doc-t> rV, lawycra, £a:abJer8, and Chiuamen. Anirna's of all kinds are in great demand. The pric? of revolvers and bowie-kn;ves has advanced, and from present in- dications we are led to believe that Tuolmne County •will, within a few months, loose one-half of her male population. Tbe reports irom the Washoe mines are almost uniformly favorable and exciting.fifteen hundred dollars have been subscribed to build a Jail at Carson City.The law creating the" office of Beef and Pork In- ppector, levying a tax of 7o cents per barrel to pay for inspection, ha* pose into operation.New-Y ork TriboueJ.WKJI AJLBAJTT,April 1<>, 16GO.Arrived, March '£i, ship Northern Light, from Manilla 25; ship ;Illinois New-YorkOhio2.09tflowa. 394iCanada453;indiaua•»<> Ml-r/gan 287 75 Kentucky........233 190 Missouri 193Jtob u Ho^d, 1(>7 days from New-York.Sailed, 24th, Wild' Hunter, for Callao; 2T>th, Jean Baptwte, forTotal •• •••••«•••••••••• ••And were distributed through the different yards here as fol- lows: At More's. 2.2C2; Gallup's, J91; Hunter's, 1,03d; Law* rence's, East Albany. 112.JPHIOK8—We quote the market active at the following rates: This V/eek. hvtt WoeJuCuliao.The following is by telegraph to Telegraph Camp lay the whole subject on the table. Carried, 22 to 4.No. 17, this side of Fresno:SAX FXAXOISCO, Tuesday, March 27,18C0—i p. m.Recess till 8 o'clock.ASSEMBL Y .Mr. CALLICOT was appointed a member of theCommittee of Conference on the Supply bill, in place of Mr. Conkling absent from the city.,Mr. CALLICOT asked consent to introduce a reso- lution appointing a Select Committee of three to investi- gate the cost of running ferries between New-Y ork and Brooklyn, tbe amount of capital involved, and the profits made, &c., and report at tho.next 'Legislature; the Committee to serve without compensation.Premium....... .....5|^5|c. 5!®5*o.iMarketconfidenceshows moderate uliipmonts.jitill have fsTew-York.M/m c 4 ^4*0. 3^310. 2i®2J«.continues altogether inactive. OperatorsExtra..First qualitySecond quality....Third quality Inferior....................— t£2lcI n j u n c t i o n .An injunction against further progress on the Ke warkmatter, and experience had shown the inutility of euch subject to be referred to a Spedai Committee. distance. Ths grounds upon which the injunction was investigations. He therefore objected to the intro-Mr. MOORE (8. Am-, Ky.) sagisted that it be sent asked for have not transpired. This is the first horse-to the Committee oa Manufactures, who, hiving rai'.road organized in this city, and its sudden stoppage ductipij of tbe resolution.be governed byt i edecisionof a massmeetingofjries, &c.tMr. BURNETT (A. Item., Ky.) spoke of the neces and Orange Tlorte-Car Railroad has been granted byThe Assembly also concurred in the Senate's-amend- ments to the Code.Also, in the Senate's amendments to the bill author-izing the towns of West Farms and Morrisania to raisestanding, the strikers continued their babors yesterday. Piatt Jt Jived. 100 good Illinois, ft $65 50 ¥ head. Averag* At the meeting last night, beld at the City Hall, there 1,350tt5.jaotbing to do, might manufacture something. [Laugh ter.] • ^After a conversation, it was referred to the Commit- tee on Accounts.creates "much excitement.+.Escape of two Prisoners. NOKRlSTOww, Pa., Monday, April IG, i860.MORE ABOUT TOLLING RAILROADS.The Committee of Conforence oa the Toll bill, report of Co'clock as heretofore. Tne Committee from the 1,550 lb.Mr. WINSLOW (Dem., N. C.) offered a resolution*bat when the House adjourn on Friday, it be till tie caped. They dug through a wall eigbteen inches, and jBrst of May, and that a message bd sent to the Ssaate, a stone wall two feet thick, when they knocked down askiosr 'i** concurrence. th'> j*»iW, s'ole bis keys, and escaped through the maintion.Mr. BRIGGS insisted on the objection, so the reso-lution was rejected.The Governor has signed the anti-rent bill.The following bills were passed:Granting certain privileges to the South Side Rail-road Company, Long island.Two attempts were made to introduce a resolutionproposition:That tbe House concur in the Senate's amendment,-,..Mr. KELLOGG (Rep., HL) moved an amendment er.t/ante. One wa3 a burglar, under ten jears im- subetitat-rtg the 21st of May. He was eatisfied that prisonment, and the other a borse-thier". A heavy re-limiting tbe time to three years, provided the Semite the association which had befn formed, and many new Will recede from its amendment removing restrictiona names were added to tho roll. Tho strikers will re-New-York. Estimated at I IC> Its.C. R. Rogers 88 extra fat Kentucky's, averdsluj 1.580 lb. at$5Id?$>1001ft. Also,14do.at*5•$>100lb.W . M. Teld»-n, 5ti heavy Illinois at 4J,<>. Aver«ge. 1,418 lbs. Jacob Hosteller, 45 good Kentucky at $67 t> head. Averagy,1,400lb. !•, .John Peach, 18 Illinois, averaging 1.0>l lb, at 4 cWhales 4c Fisher, 11 prime State ^tillers at $U0 per head; a»-eraKe, 1.250 111.W . Klngscott. H Illinois, averaging 1,513 Hi. at 4 cMixcil COWK—There are a numWr ot very fin* Milch Cows ontalc; but the inquiry Is extremely limited. The asking price* ranjo from $30 to *60. lrarn B. .Moore »otd 30 h,e*d, from 4 to 8 y*at« old, with calves bv their side, at ifrUi.-ir* Uoad.if the House adjourn over 'for one Convention they jsbould for aootner, as little or no business would beMr. KKTTT (Dem., S. C.) objected to both proposi- tions, stud offered a substitute that Congress adjourn till the 5*h of Jnne.The S P E A K E R decided this out of order.ward i* OiTered for their arrest.on waj fare.A. majority of the Senate Committee submitted acounter proposition as follows:To accept the Assembly bill, amended so as to levyume their labors to-day at the old rate of wages, 14 hillings per day.m.THE WISCONSIN ELECTION.—The returns receivedMr. WUKBLOW said it could be introduced as an incepexkdest proposition.SttUMr—Tb«e is a marked i«lli»iK off in the reoeipts, and th*fine di*y av the 15th ox June. jDeek&l o«t of order.~- Ycrk i)iloi-hoat. The ship lost cutwater and bowsprit. per day each way, at two cents per mile. With aucb. scribed and recorded ,\Collision at Sea.of final adjournment to-morrow at eleven o'clock, both three fourths instead of full tolls; such tolls to be im-of which were loBt. posed on the principle that the tolls shall stop when mrjority for Chief Justice. No w he is only 820 ahead.AnaNEW ARK, Monday, April 16 1860.BALKS.—Upton &. Shuart, &2 extra Missouri at $ t 70 ^ 100 ft Also, to incorporate the Coast Wrecking Company. painters, to be held last evening. With this under- live weight. Average 1,414 15.»ity of reforming the abuses in and around the Capitol,rhere being two-thhds more officers than the p-ibiicjservice demands. There were always a horde of ground had" been broken from the Market-street Depoteffice-seekera who must be satisfied. He moved the to Broad street, and the rails laid for a porilou of tuis Mr. BRIGGS said he had not been consulted on tbewas but a verj elim utendance. Mr. U. Van Oatraudwas called, to tbe cbair, and W. H. Stanley appointedPardee & Black, 29 Michigan, averaging J.320 tt>, at S f c t also 37, averaging 1,3SH lb, at 4ic. |H. B. Sisson, 11State, the best car load hero this week, large,Chancellor Green, at the iosutnee of Owen McFarland of thie city, and the work is now suspended. The•This morning, two prisoners in the county jail es- be made Chairman, if be would withdraw the objec-gave it as their opinion that the bosses generally were views, the House conferees submitted the following more willing to pay the $2 per day than the menweroBOSTON, Monday, April 16,1860. The bark Bolle, Capt. Ryder, from Boston for Phila- delphia, WUBfaijon in with on the 15th, Long Island bearing N. N. W . Ii5 miles, in a sinking condition, hav-The report of the Committee of Conference on the the competition stops. Also, amending so that goodsApril 13v have materially reduced Dixon's (Democrat) STATE SCHOOL TRU.STKES.—The State Board ofrestrictions on the way fare on the Central Road, with Mr. CURRY (Dem., Ala.) proposed an adjournment, New-Bedford, and afterward tranaferred to a Now- Requiring School District lines to be definitely de- the conditition that that road shall run one way traineral, Seoretary of Stato, President of the Senate, and Speaker of «7?4ie. 3TUV, live wvight. • ,tho House. After an examination into the securities and condi- Ho<i8—Very little doing. We notice! a sale of 115 oorn-Vt.tion of the funds, Mr. F. Bloord of N«watk was appointed Stak, avenging 206 lb, at 6c, and 180e^tra, choloe Storo Pis* at t;*o. it* Superintendent of Couunou Schools. ID, live wt>l«bt.of tbe bark were taken ofi* by the brig Milllken, at To amend the chartor of the Hope Fire Insuranse Co.•The Con&rence Committee oa the New-York City bMJe, and has signed one—the confirmation of theALBAirr, Monday, ApriHG—H P,.;M,,'fbe Governorsentamessage to the Assembly to-i » ..cdolie-trace by* Americans in American ves- Tax IxvybiHlbave. agreed, and aa reported, the bill '•».TM avenue grant by the Common Council.teie. Reverted to the Committee on Commerce. ,;:•£"© message was laid on the table, and ordered to commutation. • , , ,,: s whites wss nas**ed •'• ~ •^br%fHkra^of v«&s*l*er gaged in the slave-trade% ! £ * 3 M g 4 paafchea w *h }»prisontne*t ^ ^ w ^ priating ^50,^)0 te defray the expenses of the Japanese exs€ed* §300,000 per annum. Also, $80,000 for the :*L ••'•\' V ALBANY;April 16,1860. J were tendered to the Lieutenant Governor for the able, and while they were eating a dispute arose, and theEmbassy. Passed. • .••...,...:..•..,..-/-•' * :.air. l ^ L F A X (Rep., Ind.) reported a bill appropria- ting $25,000 fcr ^2i? facilities o! Western Kansas.Records CcmmiaHOn, $100,OGQ for tie Fire Depart-Paesed, with an amendment offered by Mr. fjraw-I^E^S^ *°-- * ! * ' ^ P«rt to the fcrdv Ga), appropriating $-100,1)00 for nttttmg the ser- All the additional appropriations contained in the Sen- T\( # * *° wtlioii-!o the construction of a Redlroad in Avenue order for 4 o'clock this afternoon. knife and stabbed him twice in the abdomen, and gave-g <h Af tcaa co st re^ ^ e d State* attorneys for examination; and provides vice on the routes estublished by the act. of June, ate's amendments are retained, aud the City I»evr aa |U>, Seat Broadway, and other atreeU and avenue* of tbe City of him a cut across the wrist which nearly severed it.that Ameucah vessels sold abroad shaU return to the3 .Newlork." .. In relation to tbe surplus waters of the canal and therepoited by the Conference Committee, amoujajs to ••'• " An set to authorize the construction of a Railroad trask on lessees thereof being announced for a third reading, Mrs. C came to her husband's assistance, when DonaldUnited Suites for a new register before goin? to the 1858*vi• coart of Africa. s "5 r'/,—"The report of the Judiciary Committee on the Prea- id^t's protean coming up as the special order,Mr„ BURNETT (Dvm., Ky.) suggested a postpone- ment.bouth, West, and other streets iu tbe City of New-York." Mr. Truman moved to recommit, with instructions to $4,477,720, and'-ihe County Levy to $2,293,406, makbag ' Anacttoautborlze the construction ofn Bjdlroadln Seventh Mr. Truman moved to recommit, witn instructions. 1001<"•1 ' • n ^ f ' A ^ f ^ ^ ^ ^ presented the return of-united States Marshal Johnson on the warrant for the *rre&t of John Brown, jr., in Ohio, Toe return statesan j-ggTegate of $6,771,126.THE VETO., \ '"'.;•,• •. . , ; >.*,__,«. p„- avenue, and in certain other streets and avenues of the City of strike out the enacting clause, which was lost, 11 to 13. told ber if she interfered he would cut her throat, ireravt-nue, Jforly-xeccnd street, «xd certain other avenues and on the table;. subsequently reconeidered aud passed. lunge at ber throat with the knife. Sne put up her• i . TOat it is rmpossible to arrest Brown, unless armed Mr. HICKMAN (A. L., Pa.), with a disposition to The House is now, 10 o'clock, diecaeaing the ques-street* of the Citv of New-Yoik.""An set to authorlae the constnictlOTi of a RaUroid bi Four-teenth street, and other streets and avenues of the City of New- Yoik." - ..When the bill to half -shire Allegany County camenp for a final reading, Mr. Truman moved to recommit,with instructions to strike out the enacting clause, fingers were nearly severed from her hand. Daring;• gtfi- •lorce is used for that purpose. accommodate the gentleman, was willing to postpone ltion of the veto. Mr. JacqueB, made a strong speechhand, whieh warded off the blow though three of herMr. MASON also presented the return on the war- rant for the arrest of P . B. Sat born, which recapisu- .Jatestbe Jacts a* st*ted heretofore, and adds that no sffres* csaj be made, owing to the judicial proceedings <* tte Stato of Massachusetts. Both warraots and re-; *nrns were referreo: to the Committee on the Judiciary,1 0 0 8 toii.l the 1st of May. • ' : • . . In answer to a question by Mr. Branch, he said heS J L ^ S f TM *' S ^ S 8 8 ^ f ^ e c ^ a T y to vindicate the authority of« ^ w » and report if any further E R M 88Mr. HICKMAN replied that if the resolution waslaid over till after the Conventions were over, it will and pasted the bill for the protection of boarding-houBexsy annual message to advert to this necessity, and to Mr. Truman then moved to recommit, with instruc- Both of them were held for examination.in favor of the veto, andMeS3rs. Littiejohn, Arculariue, was willing to allow a reasonable discussion, and would and others, agairet it.cipal operations, may, a fev7 jears hence, become ob- jectionable. Hence'it is, that the exclusive benefits of pa-ents are limited; the existence of corporations cir- cumscribed within certain-periods; ferry franchises defined and restricted. The whole genius of our gov- A fire last night destroyed nine stores and shops on ernment requires, that privileges granted, especiallyCanal street,, two dwellings, one storehouse,* and three' thces: "<£ pecuniary value, or affecting the public con- '• 1/ any person shall teach any »lave, negro, or free person of bams on Kent street, and one dwelling-house on venr#ji*ie, shall, after a certain time, cease and the color, to read or write either terilten or printed ehar.xeter$, or Spring street. The bujldings were all of wood. Total power of revision and amendment be exercised in?the vessel will be a total lose. baiter and sale, without the slightest ic^ruing advanc-the applicant, and every such petition shall set forth the name and place of residence of the petitioner.SKC. 3. Section 8 in said article is hereby amended so as to read as follows:have novod it from one coffin to another; the one in New-York Bay Cemetery bad considerable mold on it.Mr. Wood was i'ec*l!ed, and stated that the grave was not dis- turbed from the time Yo*t removed his child, until the 24th ofThe overland mail ccach, with regular California27th, arrived here last night. The news by this coa;h Toirey, with a cargo of lumber for New-York, is at quirements a3 to the time and manner in which theproceed:started, shall proceed. Running in zig-zag directions, it is in the. power of the several Companies to break their connections.at short intervals; and thus, issteadat l o s t two-thirds in amount of all debts owing by him, and specified in such schedule, have been due and unpaid for the space of one year prior to the time of presentation of said pe- tition, the'officer to whom the same shall be so presented, shall make an order requiring all the creditors of such insolvent to show cause befoie such officer, if any they have, at a certain time and place to be specified by him, why an asBijminent of the insolvent's estate should not be made, and he be discharged- from his debts as in this net provided.SKC. 4. Section 25 of said article is hereby amended so as to read as follows:In case no creditor'shall appear at the time and place specified in the order, to show causeheicin before mentioned, and it shall satisfactorily appear to the officer before whom said proceedings ore pending, that the facts stated in tbe petition and schedule of the taid insolvent are true, and that said insolvent has complied with the provisions of this uct, or in case any creditor "shall ap- pear and file objections to such dl?ohurge as hereinbefore di- rected, and the validity of said objections shall have been deter- mined by a Jury or by Baid officer, in the cases hereinbefore mentioned, in favor of said insolvent, the said officer shall direct an assignment of all inchipolvents estate, both in law and equity, in possession, remalnder,^r reversion, excepting from the arti- e'es mentioned in his inventory, such articles as are exempt by law 1'rom levy and sale on execution;SKC. 5. Section 27 of said article is hereby amended so as to read as follows:If it shall appear on arch examination or otherwise by compe- tent-proof, that such insolvent has collected any debts or de- mands, or made any transfer absolute, conditional, or otherwise, of any nsrt of bis real or peisonal estite since the making of the schedule annexed to his petition, ho shill bo required to forth- with pay to the officer before whom such teuing is had. or .to suchjp*>r£on as he sliall direct, the full amount cf all his debts and demands so by him collected or received, and t&efull value of all property by h'm transferred, except such parts of tho stid debts and property as shall satinfactoiilv appear to said officer tohave been neccssaiily e> ponded by such insolveut for the sup- .port of himself or his family; and no discharge shall be granted to him under this act until such payment be made, or security, satisfactory to said officer, be given that such payment ihall be made within thirty days thereafter to the assignees named intb«* a9%i;cnn>ent of said insolvent-SKC. 6. This act shall tahoelfect on the 1st dayof April, 1861.The following is the vole by which the bill finally passed the Senaie:YEA8—Messrs. Abeil, Bell, Colvin. Connolly, Fiero, Gardiner, Goss, Ketcham, Lapham, Mu&ioo, Prosttr, Ramsey, Robertson, Rotcb; Tiuruar, Warner, Williams—!".NAYS—Messrs. Blood, Grant, McGraw, Montgomery, J. M. Murphy, Richmond, Spinola—7.The Governor has signed the property qusMoaion amendment bill, the Croton Water loan bill, tbe Bush- wick avenue bill, and the bills to incorporate tbe paro- chial fund of the P. E. Church, and to fund the floating debt of New-YorkDavid Davis, undertaker at the Jersey City Cemetery, testified that Mr. Yost brought a-coffin there for interment oa the lbth of January, which was the same coffin raised on the 24th of March; it bud not been disturbed during tlut time, and could not be with- out witness knew it.The Jury retired at 5^ p. m., sjid shortly decided in favor of th« defendant. xTWENTY-FIRST W ARD REPUBLICAN ASSOCIATION*.— At a meeting of this Association, hold last eveuing, Mr. £llaworth Eliot presiding, the delegates to Syra- cuse •were instructid to vote for no delegate to Chicago v>ot known to be a friend of William If. Seward; tha Governor was thanked for his veto of the City Rail- roads, and the Republican Senators and Representativeswere called upon to sustain the Governor in his manly stand for the rights of tho City of New-York. Tae Association wore in favor of giving tbe City Railroads to rebpontdble parties to be run at a fare not exceeding three c€iits; but opposed the giving of them to more speculators.to know who are ths parties in interest. Being with- The" report of the Conference Committee on the out a corporate name and without corporate responsi-and rejected the bill.on way fere on the Central Road, which read is to pay $1,000,000 of said commutation.The motion to substitute the Commutation bi'.l was carried, 16 to 14Mr. SESSIONS moved to amend the substitute by making the commutation payable, in three years, by twelve installments.Progress was then reported.In the Senate, Mr. GOSS moved to lay the report of the Committee en the table. Lot>t, 12to 19.Considerable" skirmishing took place on the part of the toll and pro-rata Senators to drive off action on the bill, wbtnMr. SPINOLA spoke in denunciation of the course of those who all the session had been calling for revenue, and pleading tbe bankrupt condition of the State, and now defeated, by parliamentary tricks, a measure giving $1,300,000 to the State.. lie moved tomeasures, drawn from tbe inherent ddfect3 manifest in the bills tbemeelves. They are iu my judgment of so grave a character, and eo clearly calculated to destroy the utility of the measures proposed, that I cannot con- sent to become a party to their enactment. Sincerely do I deprecate the want of additional railroad facilities iu tbe city, with whose interest, social, civil and com- mercial, 1 have long been connected. But I cannot consent to tbe sacrifice of permauent interests for tem- porary advantages. The measures thus objected to are. m their present shape, at variance with justice ana sound policy; not in consonance with the wishes, or the wants of the great mass of these for whose b&nefit tbey are &rofeseedly designed, and being deiiciem iu the8e_ legislative safeguards which should mark wbe and discriminating legislation, my only alternative lies in the exercise of my constitutional prerogative, and I theiefore return them severally without my signature.E. D. MORGAN.THE CITY TAX LEVY.The House non-concurred in the Senate's amendments to the city tax levy, and a Committee of Conference was appointed.Cattle... Sheep... Hogs.... • * • » • * •This week. .......4,041Last we*«k. Tot-«inco Jan.. I. 3 810 44,417 2,96b' 69,(90Mr. CALLICOT Bud that b.6 had been informed that Mr. Briggs^bad been consulted. Ho had no desire to be the Chairman of the Committee himself or to serve on tbe Committee. He would move that Mr. BriggsJsmes T. Ware, 29 extra and premium Kentucky, averaging 15101ftaft*,51in0•}>1n0w0i»mh Also16at$470#'100 ffi. Averu^f*Supply bill wai agreed to, 86 to 9.UIL1.S VA^SEU.from the Welland Canal entering the Erie Canal at,/jl.fftTESiAJS AlltIL#7>4860.%J mw^JBRSMY I1EM8.A MAN, WOKAIT AICD CHIXD STABBED.—Ofl S^|r- day morning last a jeweler named Robert Donald ffaa* S?i*Special Dispatchto The N. T. TribuneThe bill appwpriating $34,000 to; indemnify the contains the proWien for contracting the street clean- be printed forthwith by a vote of 68 to 31—more than The House conferee declined tbejsbovo proposition, child, who reside at No. 13 Ailing street. It appsirsShawnee ItdianB for the depredations committed by ing, but with Bomereetriotion?, Buck as advertising for two-thirds—which indicates that the Assembly will end the House ine'fcted. , that Donald, in company with James Calbonn/weiieThe Senate took things very quietly to-day, taking a to CLrisbelm's house late on Friday night, andiollcitedrecessfrom1o'clockto4p.m. foodandlodging,whichwerecheerfullyaccorded, On motion of Mr. Spinols, the thanks of the Senatefarther amendments aa will prevent a divemon of trade froiff the Canals and the Central Railroad by reason of th£ tfzempticn of way freight oh the ErieRead from toLV. VAJBO, a limitation of the provisions £ar, returning with hie. objections five city railroad of tbe Assembly bill to three years.! 1J~o tfie Assembly••'• ; - ,;.-. \Railroads in the streets of the City of New-York: on the motion of Senator Robertson, made a specialNo peison appreciates more fully than myself the which was lost, 6to 15. He then moved to recommit, the struggle the child was also slightly injared. The ntality of raibroads as a medium of communication be-' withinEtmctiors to amend by giving to the Board o'' cries of the woman attracted tbe attention of the neigh-tween distant sections of a great city. n Supervisors the contiol and direction of the repairingtion be taken on the Committee's Resolution bill after Tie Assembly has concurred in the Senate's amend- In the con^ction that greater facilities in this re- of tie County buildings, instead of tbe Supervisors of bors, aid the ruffians fled. The police afteward the political conventions are over. ment to tbe bill to provide against unsafe buildings, apect were required in New-York, I took occasion in. Angelica, which was lost, 9 to 13. arrested Donald, and subsequently bis companion.net caO ihe previous question for two or three days. UNSAFE BUILDINGS AND COAKDINO-HOUSE KEEPERS. Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. C.) preferred that no ques-be near the end of the session, when it would be im- keepers. yJ^rt'S:C Q?®P'»*-)=K>vedtorefertheme-possibletoconsiderit.; tions to so amend as to submit the question to a v>te recomniet d - tliat the number of railroads in the upperHARBOR-MASTERS." pait of the city be increased;" and took occasion in of the people as to whether they desire two county *thisconnectiontoadd:"Indohigthis,however,careseats,sidebyside,whichwasvoteddown,8to14,aiTENEMENT GRAVES—THE ALLEGED SPECUXATIOS-IN Coryiss.—The trial In the case of Christian Yost agafcut Ed- wardHope,Jr., chargedwith sellinga whitewood coffin for* mahogany one, took place ywiterday "afternoon before Jostle*NAYS—Messrs. Abed, Blocd, Colrin, Connolly, Ferry, Fioro, to tbe Legislature, from these declarations, that nola. Williams.all which was necessary to secure my approval Tne bill was then passed, 17 to 8, as follows:Bedford, in Jersey City. Mr. Jelllffe appeared for plaintiff andYEAS—Messrs. Abell, Blood, Colvin, Connolly, Ferry, Fiero,of the additional railroad facilities required by Gaidiner, Grant,Hammond. Kelly, Ketcham, Lapham, Mc3raw, ground/ be recollected the burial of Mr. Yost> child on tbe LXhAlso, to provide for vaccination.BILLSP ASSED.Syracuse shall be charged the snme tolls as if they hadSchjol Trustees held a meeting at tho State-House, in Trenton,ing been in contact with an unknown sbip. Tue crew To incorporate the East Brooklyn Savings Bank. come from Buflalo on the Erie Canal, and take off the on Friday. The Board consists ot tho Governor, Attorney-G«n- den.and i* light. McOraw Broihvr* bought. * few «a«Aied at. V-- •,«t..i.*»,;,i'." V'......Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled DocumentSEC 2. Section 4 of said ai tide is hereby amended so as • to read as follows:Dr. Morris testified that he wa« present when the badies of tb<* two children were taken up; the one at tho Jersey City Ceme-imimni'i • •association.the association struck yesterday, but made a compro- mise with their employers, to the effect that they wouldTHKpainters of Brooklyn, known as the Washington Baud No. 1, at a late meeting resolved that, after the Kith of April, they would demand §2 per day for their ser- vices, that being an advance of 25 cents per day on the present wages. Accordingly, about 250 members ofP AINTERS OFBROOKL YN.—TheSecretary. After Borne debate, it was resolved that, fat and fine, at 5Jc. Average 1,813 1ft. 'money by loan to macadamize certain public roads. as tbe mass of painters did not seem inclined to come Geo. Metcalf, 32 Illinois, averaging 1,473 fr, at 4Jc.The Weehawken Ferry and Fulton Ferry Railroad Heath it Dresser, 16 fair aiichigan at $4 00 & too ID. Averages bill was lost in the Assembly to-day by a vote of 45 to to the aid of their fellow workmen of the association, 1,600 lb. i '37,' and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table.it would be injudicious to continue the strike. It waa further reeolved that they would insist upon quitting workat5o'chxkp.m.onSaturdayshereafter,insteadB. P. Atwater, 31 Illinois, averaging 1,412 1ft, at 4'c Jwnito-day that they had been unable to agree.The Committee report that after an interchange ofE. Stone, 00 ijair, heavy Illinois at $67 50 -i> head. Averayi. 1,450 lb.S. H. Jones. 52 prime Illinois at 4lc. Averjavgeo, 1.4253 th. Thos. Hosonury, 05 Ohio*, averajins; 1.37*>0 lJb. aii4jc..tvAto ask it. Mr. Stanley then explained the object of Rted Mafquetti, 73 prime Illinois at 4>*"'\K ^h-e~sd, .d;-e.nli—vei-r»e.»d <f»a.association, appointed to confer wijth tbe employees,ofmr*—m M •••-•-—4i4 «,690 Cor'ing week Av. wk'Jy rcc'U Tot. to tarn* last year. last year. datelast year. Cattle. •••••••»••••••.••• i,c** 2,542 31,760 Sheep...... .....1,740- 4,112 86,101 Hots **°2 715 12,170The Cattle are from the several States and Canada In the f o - lowing numbers:420F. 8. Mlott. 4'5 S"•t-a'••te S-tiller*, averaging 1,866 •1'ft, a-t4$c.I *i4,121.• -*; www.fultonhistory.com: --,'.••.... - . ; • . • - I, -,. •*»..-.,«\.••«.-f*l^/;*>|.*w,>.«. V 'r .../.•:.. . .^•*^.W-**-*"*'-V "•| • '"""is 