 mm*th* i oraa i>rtar»eing krew jreat- most mpa- body ttho '.wasiesa. She itxion von,aforo» •[Advertisement.] '*;•>. .him- sr.med,werehus- oaewvx*d » a d *byP ASS A ex.—ThesteamshipBoanoke,Capt.'. t,...'.''tOlandb«\*Z9ZMr. Delavan thereupon summoned his subordinateslowspr?ore- Mbaia.ortz.14. >utdd.rziord.FOR EuROPBL-*-The U. S. M . steaashiji Arago, on Sftturday, took oui 105 passengers for SouthamptonBMOOKL Ytf ITEMS. , WAKINO T7PTHBWROITO PASSKS<}JER.--AWut 4fforU,Sayand talented Vincent Witsher, esq., of Pittsylvania County, married a gentleman from the adjoining Coun- ty of Henry, whose name was Clemmens. His Chris-itianname we have been unable to ascertain. Thecountry, far from the tumult of the noisy town, in theplied as follows: • 'V• . s • • CoNTROixBjt'3 OFKCB, March 31,18S0.DAKlBr, E. DBT^AVAJT, City Inspector: I hare re- ceived jour note o f this date, mformlng m e that Mr. Smith declines going on under the temporary arrangement madeby you wi(h nim for cleaning the streets, and in reply have to state:m,jmaidea JSmith.".Sweet"day, «o cool, so calm, ao hright,.'' '• The bridal of th© earth and sky," ' <.The streets are i n a very bad condition. Public necessity re- At that time another colored lady, named Mary John- II; maraamus, .5; convulsions, $ ; croup, 7; typhoid^•-ito(She' was also taken to Headquarters, and de-!ied. Following is a list of the killed:j. Timothy Sullivan, resided atthe oorner of Seventhheard one of them eay, " Now you ©an go you son of a law, might be led to imagine. W e find Jefferaon's clear as far as Crum Elbow, ab<?*t five miles above toanive/rbm England, and then the prooeedingabefore• ***•_ • fAdirwrtisonx«»n*t.] ^ • >^«»*LONDON CLTJB SATJCK.—TkiB unrivaled Bases*,* manufactured by P AKKBR BROS., L o n d o n , en a bo obtained # fits tbeiragentinthiscity,A.J.PARX»R,NO.15Bwkmsn-irt, Ttimortiolo is rap.etior» rto. .th._e Woroo«ten»hi:o S«f»c«, a n d c a a W nh»^ taiaedat<m#-h«lftheprlco. i"... -,f rMillions of Bottles of Mrs. WtNSLCrw'fl SooTtf ?l?,i3m,^11®.nvwJ&* ***&y*"-*nU»Vnti*dSUt«t*l*Children Teething with never-filling suooess. Eeliof l» l « a » ^ dlate and certair*. Only 35 conts a.bottle.^p i -family..— V" When I put on m y clothes sjam, I found a y words to be astrue of married persons aa of the rest of j the first-named place. Between Albany and Hudson,: ti\e Surrogate will ehow the facta of the case. money ($128in gold) and watch gone. As I could not mankind: They " a r e more disposed to suffer whileBtaud,Icrawledaswellaspossible,tothehouseof my father-in-law, where Dr. Niemeyer treated me.My brother, whom they had released, told me that they must have abused me for more thau an hour.I again say that I am as innocent of the charge as a child,andhaveneveraidedtheescapeofslaves.The American (Mattis) is still in Lagrange, sick from,*;Sycamore streets, aged 60 years—-leaves a wife% "Patrick Gallagher, a n ex-policeman of the Sixth , raided on Third street, between Mill and Stone,40 joara—loaves &wife and two children. Timathy Shay, resided a t the corner of Seventh poetandBroadway,aged42years—leavesawifesad six children- •.'% Daniel Brady, resided o n Eighth straet. n e w Ifick; 31 years old—leave* a wife and one child.5. JohnDreffeT,Tedded on Eighth*street, near Lock; iged 39 years-i-teaves a wife and two childrea.6. Jacses Kwaxnen, residedin .Brown. County, Ohio; gied20 vears—unmarried.The Exempt Firemen's Association of Nowark have•T. Stephen daskin. Sixth street, opposite Long- Siu: Betired from political life, and now disposed -ironh's wine cellar; 36 years of age—leaves a wifead three children. to address the public, if at all, through a calmer me- ,8. Daniel Fitegerald, resided o n Eace street, b e dium thau the columns of a daily paper, still I cannotprinoipalKavy^Yards are as follows:.Norfolk, V a., whirling masses. They finally succeeded in safely Hull of the Twentieth Precinct early on' Saturday350, Boston 450, Philadelphia 250, and New-York 400, reaching the shore. If the warm weather continues, morning found two burglars in the clotiaig; etore ofmaster,at Hamilton-avenue Ferry, w a a attacked b yname of Mr. Witcher'B granddaughter w a s The parties lived happily together until about ighteen months since, when, upon the most unfounded picions, a s we have been informed, Mr. Clemmensa similar treatment.FRKDKRU: SCHALLER.DIVORCE.' Jfeto-Ywh,' ' March t , 18<J0.ROBERT DALE OWEN.When the ico broke up at Poughkeepsie on Friday afternoon, six men, who were engaged in the middle oftho river, endeavoring to clear a passage across, found it"almost impossible to save a boat, which theyTo th* XUitor oj Th* K. 3T. Tribuneand Havre.*t-. .,• —- ,'*:.*••••WfMfcVi**-*^*^*!*^^^^^^^^^#Mte Jffi _ £**> ^0E^^Mn^#S^wbing o r tome other romember«d jnatrka th*t thoT me wHtt whips e r coWvHWes. My hands were tied t o i no dbCutry have I seen marriage, and its vows morereredatingnished. thetreeabovemyhead. &a&I wasentirely naked. strictlyrespectedthanfhinyadoptedState,wherethe—g> •vgj-i»i»i'ii«.rmi«.>„i,"ti« a a M M M iElizabeth Botton's marriage /with Mr. Burton waa de" olaredvoid. It.'ieetatedthatnosuchdecisionwaseverGOUBAtTD'r*POUPRE StTBTILB1 :TJprootsha<rfromlow-.forehe,***.upperHp#,ormf partoftfc«X.MrTOFTSfSKXIXMfc, Thenightwasverycola,an*?soonmybackwascover- relation,wKoaitengendersimmorality,maybatermi-Otirreporter* made diligent inqniri**, tat cottM not ed with a crust of frexea bioeJL I became weaker, nated by law. - For the rest, divorces in Indiana are the barges between Poughkscpsio, Newburgh; andtvsia made, and that she was never in Philadelphia, nor in hody. Warrsntod. «/ per bottle. 67 Walker-«t.: Met. HAT*licertainthatanyother)savethoeekilledwerein* andwhentheyuntiedme,I&Utotheground. I farlessfrequentthanstrangers,readingourdivorce city,commencetheirregulartrips,therivbrbei«%" anypartoftheUnitedStaiee.Sheiashortlyexpected" Brooklyn;BATBS,Botton;CAM.«*»«*»Philadelpma.perhaps of more pretentions. I approve the law, notfc.-ireriaseparationfromhiswife,andimmediatelyonprincipleonly,butbecause,formorethanhalfalife- beautifulandfamiliarhymn. Inthecityitselfit latedforthepastweekforthwithberemoved. Ihave'.thereforetime, I have witnessed its practical workings. I speak Eecmed like one great breathing-time for the thousands only to reiterate what I have expresaed to you in person, that I stituted proceedings for a divorce, at the same t me t i n preparod to pay all just and reasonable expenditures incurredred, impeachingherhonorastheground*forhiscourse. ofitsinfluence onourowncitizens. Itismuchtobe ofoverwornheadandband-workerB,who,forsixdays inpromotingthisobject untilacontract canbelegallymadeinIICSANE.—A woman named Mary Qillen waB brongltt witnessespreeenttotestifyin*Mary's behalf, wasthe tothe First District Station-Honse onSaturdaynight,byDe-Last Saturday was set apart for the taking of deposi- tions, a n d t h e parties met a t a magisterial precinct in Henry Ccunty.Mr. Witcher appeared to defend the suit and protect the honor of his granddaughter.The taking of the depositions progressed, and after t h e plaintin h a d finished with a witness, Mr. Witcher asked a question, which greatly exasperated t h e hus-rtgretted th«t any one should ever be compelled to seeka divorce cut of hia own State* But even in alludingto abuses which have occurred in this connection, y o ufailed to tell your readers, what perhaps you did not their rain or Buushine. The churches were unusually together,.and prepared with them a plan of operations know, that our law has of late years been so changedfor to-day'a renewal of the unfinished street-cleaning work.brother of Mrs. Clemmens, drew a bowie-knife, but law of drvorce which he denounces as breeding disorder had scarcely nnaneathcd the Made, when he was fired and immorality—that the million, with their long expe- upon b y a second brother o f Clemmens, the ball taking rience, may be right, and that Horace Greeley, withoutbers of the company are included in the cast.. Laura Keene's.—The " Heart of Mid-Lothian" willbe played four nights tins week, when it will be with- drawn to make room fpr other.novelties.'Niblo's Garden.—On Saturday night Mile. Zoyara=The latter chose to pay more respect to the nuil-baghanging from the thief s shoulder than to the Poat-Justice Quackenbush for examinatiou.:fA B o w AMONG LABORERS.—On Saturday night residing a t Newton, N. J . , was robbed at the Jersey•effect in the shoulder, and producing a painful wound. that experience, may be wrong 1Infuriated by his wound, Mr. Smitn rushed upon bis You talk of my ,rlax principles." I think that, by antagonist, and with, one powerfn! thrust of the knife, my past life, I nave earned the"right to be believed completely disemboweled Clemmens No. 3, the unfor- when I eajy what are my principles and what are not.OfBce. clerk, and coolly allowed the rascal .to-walk off with, hia plunder—thirty letters or more. John Kiernan, got into a fight at N o . 129 Ea»t Eleventh,Or-:'9t tunate man railing dead on the spot. On this subject they go jUBt so far as the Indiana law,street, at a grocery store kept b y Jamea MoGuire. I t appears was on her way to New-York to purchase apasssgt*iy o n - •" Three of the parties dead, and the other three all and x>ofurther. I have given proof of this. I have wounded, the horrible tragedy here ended. had a hundred opportunities, and never need them, toat the grocery storo of McGulie. Hard words were pv)»«d pro- :hands in t i e employ of John B . Murray, con- niiscaontly about, Owen Riley coming in for a fall share. O f conr»o a tight WSB the resnlt, during which somo one stabbed tractor for putting. up the boxes throughout the Grunt twice, once in the face, and once in the leg. Klornon waa BostonTheater.To-nightMrf.BarneyWilliamscom- city.Theclerkimmediatelyrecognizedthethief,in alsotlightlybutinthearm.RileyandGrantwerearrestedaub- requently, and held for examination on a charge of having com-that the caseeyou state cannot possibly recur. No onecan now sue for a divorce in Indiana, until he has been,duringoneyear,atleast,aresidentoftheState;andthe air.; HowgratefullycorneathefirstbreathofSpringbery.tamed for examination.IIIIillII• f1ItnI '1',.s You speak of Indiana, as " the Paradiee of free lov- ers." ItisinNew*YorkandNew-England, refusingA BOGUS POSTMAN.—-On Saturday last, a man w h ourday night, on the charge o f attempting t o pass a t w o dollarmences an engagement at Niblo's, her husband being Legislature, and subsequently represented his District to divorce, except a prohibition against all divorces by! too ill to appear at present; , -in tae State Senate with signal ability. He is a prom- the Legislature. To that I think you will not object. inentmemberoftheWhig party,andhisnamehas AtthenextsessionIwasChairmanoftheCommittee beenrepeatedlymentioned in connectionwiththeof torevisethe laws; butwemerely reeriacted theold £ce of Governor of the Commonwealth. He succeed- divorce law, of which experience had taught us the ed Whitmell P . Tunstall, upon the death of that gen- benefits. I t grants divorce for other causes than the tleman, as President of the Bichmond and Danville one your law selects; as for abandonment, for cruel Railroad. After two years' service he resigned the treatment, for habitual drunkenness, and for any other Presidency of the road, and has sine* been engaged in cauee for which the Court may deem it proper that aChristopher street. Palmer confessed his guilt, saidallthemoneyin hiapossession,,§65of whichwasthe trer© arrested by Ward.DetectiYes Irring andClow, ofthe'fruit of the robbery of the preceding evening. He has Twentieth Precinct, charged with burglary. Th« offieo of D . Wcllhaney, No. 267 We*t Twenty-sixth street, waa.broken Into pursued this courpe since the boxes were first put up,, during the early pait of tho night and robbed of a pistol and oth-judged according to a Christian rule. " By their fruits ye shall know them." You have elopements, adultery, withgreatforbearance,andtheparthe.hasbeencom- whichyourlaw,byrenderingitindispensabletdre-BonniNO A BOARUING-HOUSE.—Mrs. Jane Haisrht ent week.' . . . . an elderly widow lady keeps a boarding-honse at No-113 B u tOf course t h e whole matter will undergo a judicial instead, have regulated, legal separations. You may$120 and $24 in cash were missing from the bureau wherein*investigation. ^__-——-—-—.feeldisposedtothankGodthatyouarenotasothermen,orevenastheseIndianians.Ithinkthatweare justified in Hia sight, rather than you.Or is itj perhaps, the amendment I did prepoie and carrywhichseemstoyoulaxinprinciple?—thepro- vision,namely,thatawifeshonldnotbecompelled to live with one who has been, for years, a habitualmelo-dramasandfarces. Nonoveltiesannounced.ACADEMY orMusic—ThematindoonSaturday drew a vast crowd. The season which has closed h a s notbeendistinguishedbyanynoveltyexceptDer Fieischutz,-whichwasbadlyputonthestage,andde-FuneralfromGraceChurch,Orange,onMonday,March5,atI o'clock. CarsofMorrisandEssexRailroadleaveatStandi 11*a.m.ALLEN—On Saturday, Maxoh 3,at Elizabethport, N. J», sud- denly. WiUiam B. Allen.The reUtives and friends of the family are respectfully invite4 to attend bia funeral this (Mondar) afternoon at 2 o'clock, from his late residence, No. 42 East Twenty-fourth street. ' rAUSTIN—OnSaturdaynight,March3,MaryAustin,wifeof David Austin, i n the 76th year o f her age.-Thorelativesandfriendsofthedeceased,andofthefamllleaof her brother, John Haggerty, her sons-in-law, Wm. H . Towiis- end,IsaacTownsend,andGeo.H.Fox,areinvitedtoattend the funeral from Grace Church, o n Tuesday, the 6th, a t JJZ o'clock m., without further invitation.BURR—OnSaturday,March3,HattieA.,daughterofHoary - A . and Harriet A . Burr, aged 8 years, 3 months and 23 days.The relatives aud friends of the family are rwpestfully iuvited im attend the funeral from the residenoe Ofher father,No.33 Seventh street, on Monday, March 5, at 2 o'clock, without far- ther invitatioa.16th year of her aae.The friends and'relattves o f the family a r e invited to attend-her» . .ARREST or BURGLARS.—detectives Wilson and t'hxjTch.of th* Incarnation, corner of.Modiion avenue andDEMOCRATICOUTRAGE.form the duties of his berth.IMPROVEMENTSINCANALSTREET.—TheoldFrench church in Canal street, between Centre street andSteers, where he restored the property, and waa oommlttodto answor.•-••|.—•KNOCKED.DOWNANDBQBBED.—-John Sheawas ar- rested yesterday, oharged with having, on the 1st in?t.. knocked downandrobbedJamesKelly,anattacheofthoEssexMarketA GEEMAN CITIZEN HANGED, BEA TEN AND BOBBED.FromTheQuincy(I1L)Whig,Feb.28._ Yesterday, a respectable German citizen of LaGrange, Mo., Mr. Frederick Schaller (a brother-in-law of Mr.H. Dasbach,of this city) whohasresidedinLaGrangeforthelasttwelve years, was brought to Quincy a victim to thedrunkard.compelled.Youhavetoldusthatsheoughttobeso It constantly occurs, you say,that aservedabetterfate. ItisBOseldomthataGermanopera is performed that every care should be taken in Broadway, is now in process of demolition. The Dev- Prison- Kelly w a s passing through Baxter street at the time,mHi •\aIIIMa; III illIIII •t!Ill1•m •it.soulbou in his veins. W e called-upon Mr. SchallerXavier, long since built up-town, and removed most oftheir valuables from this church, yet it has regularlybeen uaed for worship by Italian Catholics untilCORRECTION.-—Capt. Farragut, of the sloop-of-warBrooklyn, writes, I am grnutly obliged to you for the kind Insertion of my note; but in doinc so the printer amdo two or three typographical errors, somo of wbi'ch are very im- portant. For example: I t reads i n this morning's paper. " IWe aaw the bloody evidence of the terrible treatmenttuous and worthy," awaiting, late in the solitary night,much of the music out of date; and the lovely and ro-the fate to which, for life, you consign her; and that givenbyhim,andcooldnothelpbelievingeveryword fornosinmoreheinousthanthat hergirl'sheart,be-BOKER—On Saturday. MaTch 3, o f dlsoaae o f the heart, Mr . Jobn. G. Boker, aged <>5years.he had undergone, heard the story of the affair asmantic Der Freiechulz, with'all its passionate, celestiallieving in human goodness, had trusted the vows and and infernal Btrains and harmonies, failed to excite en- quarters of the Whigs, nearly opposite, is also to bo by sending bim to the'Court." It should road " Commandant." CANTRELL—On Friday, Maroh 2, Elisabeth I. Cantrell, in thoof his statement. He is a respectable and intelligent Joan, and his plain and simple account of t i e dastardly outrage was. we venture to say, implicitly credited by the hundreds of our citizens who called ai Mr. Das- bach's yesterday. J- ••'•'; ' .~Z\Mr. Schaller has always voted the Democratic ticket, aad we are assured by German citizens of Quincy, that in his visits to this city be has defended the institutionWednesday." Theold'National Hall,long thehead- thoughtIplacedbiinperfectlywithinthereachofthocivillaw promises of a scoundrel. Is it her home where she is The word having the ship, should read leaving tho ship. Send-sitting7 LetusnotBOdesecrate thehallowed word. thusiasmameng themultitude. ButDerFreischutz demolished, anda largewarehouse isto supplyits ingtheboy,shouldreadsendingtho body.ifuneral on Monday, the 5th intt.. at 2 o'clock p. m., fromtho' I have been a resident of Missouri for twelve years,having resided a part of the time in Palmyra, and partof the time in Lagrange. I u t h e latter place I haveproperty. I have never meddled with slaves o r blameless, Christian wife! Her cry thence may ascend Slavery, and have always been a Democrat.\m.Surgicnh Medical. TotaXLate last Fall or early in the Winter I heard that ten ilaves bad run off; I knew nothing about itull I heard of ft, and do not recollect of ever having seen tbexn. I could therefore not have aided their escape. Xohody in Lagrange eversuspccted me o f tampering *Hh staves, till last Sunday. I went on that day to Canton to invite some friends to a party that was totake place last Tuesday. On my arnval there I w a s waited noon by three persons, Jim Bing, Josh Owens, aa<! Bill Webster, who informed me of my being under rorpicion of having aided the escape of aiWMWt M r. — - Harris, and would have to return with them. A t fir*Itookthematterfor Ug^B5£S£fi2W e tilKwelve o'elock, consequently could not naveaided the negro. , „ J Iretumed with the three5satisned of my mnoce»ce,ani «sked for afair trial only, as I easily could hav« proven mybcocecce. I was taken to ihe Lagrange iiouse, andaskedtobetriednext day(Monday),butwasre-fused. OnMondaynightan armedposseof^»orJVtten came, tied our (my brother William's, Nob. M*t-W», who had been taken before my return from Oan-toij), acd my hands, and put into a hack. Two others,Prauk Getlach and a Mr. Holmes, were set free, butordered to leave town. O u r hands were tied and w e «rSment of loving kindness or, a t feast, of mutualATTSMTTEDNo. 42 Rlviugton street, o n Saturday, morning attempted to com- mit suicide b y swallowing a "quantity o f vitriol. A neighbor who witnessed the transaction, seized her by the throat, and compelled h o r t o <\ject the poison from her mouth. She w a s badly burned about-tue lips, but not dangerously. I t Is said that since the loss o f bar husband a fevr weeks since, the unfortunate woman bos been partially deranged. . . . . . .oua- „hourc be-posoie of vr«re driven in the hack about three miles on the Men> forbcSSc?. But I t defeats His purpose and violate. eiugForrest to confirm t h e referee's Teport allowing h e ralimony wi^ be decided in a few days. The SupremeCourtGerjjralTerm,andtheCommonPleaeGeneral !^t'Mi'applyonth.P^ftvnVow&Co.,No.3PinM tpMsroad,where the hack stopped and £was Uk*n out. To my question where they were taking me to. IgottheanswerthatI wastobe hanged. Iasked themwhatfor,andreceivedasananswerthatIshould tell them all about the nigger scrapes,about Vandoorn, etc.Aslknewnotbmgaboutthem, had never eeen or heard of Mr. Vaadooro, I couid not give the answer they wanted. They took me about a quarter of a mile fetothewoodsandhangsdme.Icaughtthetree,but bybeatin-gmyhandswithsickstheycompelledmetof u d i v I S economy, when it becomes the dafly cause !5 S Z wordit and heartless deeds, of auger,tution.' . [Advertisement.•let go myhold. Soon I was senseless. WheuL oame pie./ " the inhabitant* neither hetd uor care for it. l a ** agam, I felt two persons, one oa each side, whipping\Untitled Documentdivorceshouldbegranted. .'.Are these " lax principles 7" I claim to have themexhibiton.' .!!...Christy's • Minstrch.—'' New-Year's • Calls," and fore the United States Commissioner, and hia case will Kelly.thepracticeofhisprofession—thatofalawyer.Our informant states that throughout this painful suit, which Mr. Witcher believes to have been insti- tuted against an innocent grand-daughter, he has actedpelled finally td act will be with none a source of lease, virtually encourages; you have free-love, and The Bowerys.—The-Old and New-Bowery Theaters deeper regTet than him?elf. ** m that most terrible of all Eocial sins, prostitution. W e, are each doing a fair business with the customary"virtuousandworthygirl"marrieBamanwho*be- justicetotherarityifnothingelse. Itseemstobenowlinclothing'house last Summer purchased thisentireestate,runningfromCanalthroughtoHoward'street.wbenhewasaccostedbySheaandanotber.person,whobyforce robb«dbimofbiscoatandwatch,valuedat$9.5.Sheasubse- quentlyappearedinth©streetwiththeidenticalgarmenton'Ms back,wasrecopnizedandarrested. Anexaminationwashad before Justice Connolly, whentheaccused wascommittedtocomesa "miserableloaferandsot;"andyou-add:"Shewillwishhereelfdivorcedfromhim;buttheconcededthatnooperaoriginalywrittentoaGermanThechurchanddwelling-housearenow.comingdown, andasplendidpileofmarblestoresisimmediatelyto answer. Thecomplainantwasalsodetainedaaawitness.textexceptMartha—&workofmuchmerit butnotofis enough to make the blood of any man who has a Think, for a moment, what this actually involves! the first character—will succeed here as a pi6ce de re-, be built there. The French Society, St. FrancoishorrorsofaPro-Slaveryoutrage-rtherecitalofwhich "lawpaysNo,andwestandtoit."A bloated wretch, whom daily and nightly debauchshould be adequately rendered—its beauty will neverpluce. .. ' " ' . ; ••-.'•has degraded below humanity, has the right to enter be surpassed. I t is, beyond all other operas, romantic,it. Inwhattemperhe willarriveGodaloneknows— wild andwonderful. Thethree compositionsbyM.OBITUARY —Mr. John G. Bolcer, the well-knownsenior partner of the importing house of John G. & J .Boker, of N o . 98 Front street, di6d,'on Saturdaymorning, of disease of tho heart. M r. Boker w as earnest in .his taste for ajsthetic. pursuits, and collected and brought to tlds country the fine paintings of the Dueeeldorf school, so long familiar to our citizens from their exhibition on Broadway. Tais gallery waB after- ward purchased by Mr. C. A.'Derby for the Cosmopol- itan Art Association, to whom it now belongs. M r. Boker was brought.before the public a few years since by the eccentric course pursued b y his daughter inSeurle, on Sonday morning, arreted twoyoungmen, named Tim CaseyandJohnHoward, whoarechargedwithhaving, onSat• urday night, entered the jewelry store of G. W . Brown, No. 653 Broadway. T h e store door had been opened by means of falao keys, and a few sets o f shirt studs, a bowie knife, a n d other small articles, taken therefrom. T h o accused* were locked u p for examination. • -Thompion, living at the Goodorson House, i n Chatham streot, took a quantity of poison by mistako, causing d*ath i n a shortO'wentj-^jghtli street. ,CAIN—Inthiscity,onSaturday,March3,afterapainfnliunoaa, John Cain, a native of Clonmell, Iroland, aged 53 years.DUG GAN—In this city, o n Saturday, March 3, Edward Duggatr, aged 3 yoais and 1 month.GRAHAM —Tn Brooklyn, o n Friday, March 2. Miss Mary Orahoai, of consumption, daughter of widow Eliaabeth Gr*-ham, a native of Tyrone, Ireland, aged 23 years And 6 month*. GREENL Y—In this city, on Saturday, March 3, Geo. Greenly,inth«66thyearofhisage. • '*. HEDDEN—On Saturday, Maroh 3, Warren R , son o f Comelioa' II. a*sd Martba W . Hedden, ajtod 5 ye«r»,l month and 5^d*y»^ The relatives and friends of the family are respeotfuHy.invUed to>attend the funeral * t the reuldcnce o f his gvandfat.her, A . F - Pewrire. No. 247 West Ninctoanth street, on Monday afternoon at % o'clock.H A R T L AN D—OB Saturday, March 3, MM. Sarah Hartland, thff w5fe of the lato Arthnr Hartlwd, esq-, of Cork. Irolaod; a«ed 68 years, at the residenca of her son-uidaw, D. Woodnouao,esq., No. 98 St. Marks place.JOTINSTON-In this city, oh.Friday„Maroh 2, Mrs. Mary Jane>Johnston, wife of Dan'.el Johnston, ugod 21 yearaand I month. KENNEDY-Oa Bnnday, Maxoh4> Mrs.Evolln*. Kennedy iathe 74th year of h«r a^e, relict of /ISSMUKennedy, late of Bsi*i-IWritnds andthoseai,hersons,JohnA.andWuUamD. Kea- . nedy, are united, without fnrtbtff notice, to.Mtend tho f W a l this Monday) morning at lKrfoleck, a t *£. 54 Beaoh.atreeUThe remaii's will be removed tsOialtimore ft)r.intermexrf. LEWIS—In thia oity, on SuxaJay, March.*, of hydrooeph-fclows* Anna Kate, onlj chad of Baajamin and Coihajine Lewis, agedl8 months and ifldays. ' •The friends of alke family Q3» respectf»v2y invited t o attend tin* funeral from.'lhe residencs-of bur pusents, No. 35J Gioeuwiob.afenue, th^f.Monday) afiarnoon at 1 c'clock. Uticn Heral' i please copy.MURRAY- ^-At BIU«d»Je, Columbia County, N. Y., oa Tuesday^ Feb. 28 " rVUlinm Muw»y, on hiaTIth birth day. \MATFE"* A-'S—In thi» city, o n Saturday afternoon, MaroK SL Williar ^ E . Mathews.Therelr4JTes andfriendsofthefamilyareinvitedtoattendth« funer „i( -vrithout further notice, at St. George's Church. Stny- •«•/JitSquare,onTuesday,March6,at2o'clook, Hisro- u"1 ai* will be tukeu to "Greenwood for intermentM-A'XWELL-In this city, on Friday, March2, Jaa. T . MaxwoB.*' A the 36th..year o f bis age.aU the animal within him, probably, aroused by drink. Will he beat her—the mother of hia children, the one he had sworn to love a n d protect? Likely enoagh.Muzio, the leader, gave evidence of his powers—espe-cially the vocal aria a«d the overture. asit existed in Missouri That he is innocent of the Ah! well if that be all! The scourge, though its hear Ofsuch a composer the better./-charge ofassisting negroesto escape—as he insists—we havenodoubt. ._ ,We trust that our German citizens, especially thoss Who have been in the habit of voting the Democratae ticket, will ponder well tbi* flagitious outrage and then< determh-e whether they can continue t o v o » with a [ party whose cardinal principle is the spread and extcc- >abu of that institution which is the parent of suchdamnable and brutal lawlessness.We are under obligations to the editors of The Tr%b-iMtefor the translation of Mr. Scaaller's statement:* STXTZMEWT OF M R . SCHAIXXR.m :DEATH FROM POISON.—-On Friday night, E. B.strokes may cause the flesh to shudder, cannot reach the soul. But th i possible outrages of this " nriaerable loafer and sot" may. He hasthe command of tor- ments, legally permitted, far beyond those of the lash. That bedchamber is bis, and the bed is the beast'a own lair. I t depends, too, on the brute's drunken will whether it ehall be Bhared or not. Caliban iBlord and master, by legal right. There is n o t a womanly in- stinct that he cannot outrage; not a holy emoiion that he may not profane. He is authorized to commit what more resembles an infamous crime, usually rated tec- ond to murder, and often punished • with death, than anything else. . -,, ,.. . ;>And, in this foul pit of degration, you would leave to a fate t o o horrible for infamy itself, a pure, gentle,118 2C85 10 1 0218 44 2 5to heaven; but, on earth, you think it should be stifled or contemned. She entreats for rt lief, for escape from the pollution she abhors; you look down upon h*r misery,and answer her,<fIhe lawsaysno,andweGod forgive you, Horace Greeley, the inhnman asu- timent! I believe you to be a gocd man, desiring human improvement, the friend of what yon deem essential to social morality. God eend that you may never, in the person of a daughter of your own, and in the recital of her tortures, practically learn the terrible loison how far you have strayed from the right!ArroiNTMENTS AND REMOVALS.—B. M. Sweeny was appointed to the office of bell' ringer of the Thirty- third Btreet fire tower, on Saturday, .taking the place of Samuel H . Waugh, removed for political reasons. Samuel McKinlcy took tho place of W . W . Tinkler of the Twenty-Becond street tower. Thomas Condy, ap- pointed clerk of the Franklin Market by the City In- spector on the 1st instant, was sworn into office by the Mayor.THK COURTS F O R MAatcH.—The March Term will be the bnriest of the yaar. The calendars are large— the Supreme Court Special Term alone containing over 330 causes. There will b e two Circuits held, and the JudgeB of the Superior Court' have made a Bpecial order which wDl have the effect of greatly reducing the trial calendar, of that Court. The United StatesRemabdngatdate...... Males, 193; Females, 3G....138' 98 W lJ. DARRACH, Superintendont.<• !—Further to argue the general question would be anunwarrantable intrusion on your columns. Suffice it toeay, that.- if I differ from you as to the expediency of present a historical view of compulsory labor, or occasionally dissolving misery-bringing unions, it is Slavery. Dr. Gilbert will lecture on the " Digestive precisely because I regard the maniage relation as theholieet of earthly institutions. It is for that veryreason that I seek to preserve its purity, when otherexpedients fail, by the besom of divorce. .No humanrelation ought to be suffered so to degenerate that it de-feats the purpose of its insiitution. God imposes nolaws onmanmerelytohave thepleasureofseeingthem obeyed; but,on the contrary, with special reference toHis creatures' welfare and improvement. Mar-ri«ve itself like the Sabbath, was made for man;, notman for marriage. I t fulfills'God's intention s o long2tbe^omtstiThomeisthe abode of purity of nobleVALUABLE STORE PROPERTY, VERY DESIRABLETM little binding as in the nation near whose Court, asmarriageisasacramentanddivorcean^powibiuty,Sphere, indeed, on accountof *w"l«PTM«-street. OnThursdayevening,Dr.J.G.Holland anddischargingfullcargoes,beingtheshortestpas- (TimothyTitcomb)willdeliver hislectureon" Work eagobnrecord.llmBO^ ^^it ASi-te. v*rVU«w.i PricesUoeuU. Forsnle.bjfcews Agents, (Ross «t ^ouser General Agents, New- , T , , Vousey uonerai Ago?UB^jyi^^^^jg^j^^gg-ai!aggaa*aa-g-ffi*^^man,topartdecentlyinpeace,ortoliveoninshames sonsuchanunusualquantityofwater,andcakesoffui discord. I am, Sir, your obedient servant,ice, as to create a serious rise in the larger stream. of the machifla>: ARMY AND NAVY. . - — — - * * — • —Yesterday was the most perfect day of the season.The temperature wasdelicious, andnotacloudob-scured the sky from morning till eventide. In the under the old system, to which the latter at once re-ofthePoorintheCityHall. '.;',•.: -.-it CITY MORTALITY.—The total number of deathsinpeace of Sabbath seemed thatobservance, -it" musthave indeedwhich the pious minstrel thus apostrophized iu his\ quires that energetic measures should b e adopted to have them cleane'o, and also that the ashes and garbage which have accumu-son, w a s being tried in the Court of Special Sessions onachargeofrobbinghermistress,andamongthefever, 2; under one year of age, 26. >*•in the week, are BOhurried forward in business, that they hardly know whether t h e heavens a r e sending/ROBT. T . HA WS, Controller..well attended; but the delight of the people.at large seemed to be in spending their'day of rest in the openband, Mr. Clemmens. He immediately arose, drawing provisionregardingtimelynoticetotheabsentpartyis tothoseinpopulouscities pent! Atanearlyhourthe WHERE THEMISSING DROP-LBTTKRS HAVE.GONB. MORE COUNTERFEITS.—Officer Lewis of the Thirda pistolatthe same time, and fired at Mr. Witoher.Mr. Witcher, i t seems, also rose, a n d drew a pistolof the strictest kind.railroad cirs and ferry boats leading from the city were crammed to overflowing with men, women, and chil-Precinct Folic*" arrested a woman named Eltaa MoOee, o a Sat-fromhispocket,andastheballofhisantagonistgrazed around the abdomen, he fired, striking Clem- reasonable divorce, that free-love prevails, not in Indi- dren, all bound for the open suburbs. Staten Island,, been apprehended by the courage and persistency of a setts, at a storo i n Court street. She waa locked up for a hearboc-mens in the forehead, and killing him instantly.A nephew of M r. Witcher, and a M r. Smith, brother of Mrs. Clemmens, hearing the firing, rushed into the room. A brother of Mr* Clemmens, who hadalso been attracted b y t h e pistol reports, fired a t a nephew of Mr. Witcher, the ball taking effect»^nd producing, i t is feared, a fatal wound. Upon sflifog his nephew shot, Mr. Vincent Witcher again fired, striking Clemmens No. 2, and killing him instantly.At this stage of the sanguinary afiair, Mr. Smith, a unchanged (or, if changed at all, made more liberal) a Johnston, A. H . Davenport, and other favorite mem- came at the time, to assist him' in' making the arrest.ana. Ineverevenheardthenamethere. Youlocate the Paradise, then, too far west.And does it not occur to you, when a million of men,chiefly plain, hardy, industrious farmers, with wiveswhom, after the homely old fashion, they love, anddaughters whose chastity and happiness are as dear to:them as if their homes were the wealthiest in the land—dees it not occur to Horace Greeley that when these produced for the first time here, the burlesque ofmen go on deliberately for half a century maintaining "Ivanhoe." Mrs. John Wood, Joe Jefferson, T . B . he collared the man, and called upon a policaman whothree, consisting of Messrs' Crowell, Schonck, and Garrison, waa taining a Btring of nonsense, which he would deliver appointed to inquire into the practicability o f erecting a, Court- Houwe on the summit of Washington Park, with power t o pro- cure legal advice, and that tho Committee confer with the Cooa-t: R e d io»ia. o«;'<* M«Sdi-Jtad fb*V»>* »f,»Uit »try-a*f<d*- ionjtI** U, r a -t5;<5«*Let us take the " single captive" lest the multiplicity siitance. Fidelio was voted heavy; Zauberflothe was Sf and obtained the statement which we publish below. of images distract us. See the young creature, " vir- not a complete success—the plot being foolish, andVincent Witcher. esq , the chief actor ia this terrible move its amendment. I was Chairman of the Revis- affair,iswidelyknownthroughoutVirginia. He ionCommitteeofourConstitutionalConvention;but served for many years in the lower House of the in our Constitution we incorporated nothing in regardwith our people, fleeing from the foul and unattractive. city street*.of the City Police. On Thursday evening the clerk in question was walking up Broadway about 9 o'clock, and saw. a man opening the box on the corner of Broadway and Broome street, with a key. Knowing that it was not the proper hour for making collections,at the proper address and demand tw o cents therefor. He stated,that he had been for some time out of em - ployment, and badadopted this petty swindle to raise funds. He refused to give his residence, on account of having a wife and family. H e was committed by. .» . .'mon Council to procure their assent, a n d that they r«p»rt tits result to the Board, with such recommendations aa taoy rxnjr deam proper. .•_•NEW-JERSEY ITEMS. ' A FEMALE SOBBED.—On Friday afternoon a ladyAMUSKMXNTS.—Winter Garden.—To-nightwill b e , -navigation i s mostly opeD, but a fevr tough ^ehis'of"evilsareBUfferublejthantorightthemselvesby"abolishingtheformstowhichtheyhaveboonaccus- icestillholdthoirown,andseemlikelytodo00fora" tomed." short time yet to come. The last heavy ?ain created'a invited A'«> Manhattan Steam Fire Engine Company:The question remains, whether.it be more pletw&ig freshet in the Mohawk,,which emptied vsf/o the Hud- No.8offC'i»city to viait Newark on Wednesday of in the sight of God ana more conducive to virtue-in next week,£« order to showtho Jerseymen the efficatyINTELLIGENCE,.The mechanical and laboring forces of four of our fortunately had with them, from being crushed in tihe GywwABTic BuRotARs.'-—Officer a Koomer and o'eloek on Sunday morning, Mr. Charles Hay, Verrp?only on half time. The frigate S t. Lawrence will b e the river must soon be unlocked from Troy to this city, ©eorge Wyant, No. 2r>l Ninth avenue, finding that two men, near Penny Bridge, who caught him byJh« -weenPearlandColumbia; aged43years; leaves readtheallusion,inthismorning'sTRIBUNE,madein decked to-day, at Philadelphia Navy Yard. whenthePeople's,Merchants',andTroylinosof theofficershadcutoffescapebythefronfrdoor,the neck,anddemandedtoknowthetime. Heinformedjjor children.9. Thomas Sayers,resided on.JSghth street, betweenBroadway and Sycamore; aged 26 years—leaves a fife and one child.connection with a s important subject, to my adoptedState and to myself by name, without feeling thatjustice to both, and what is of more consequence, th>steamboats, which have been thoroughly renovated them that it was time to leave him, at the same instant;' two thievesjumped out of the back window* auditedMi i 10. John Manly, lived on Sixth street, near Calvert; fair statement of a question iavolving much of humaagan is undergoing a thorough overhauling at Erie, Pa.It is thought she will not be ready for service beforenext June. The trial-trip of the new steamer Saginaw,built at San Francisco, has proved unsatisfactory, and WITHDRA WS FROM T H E FIELD:—The workmen o climbing the same. They were hotly pursued by thodemonstrated a radical defect in her decks. She is to Mr. Robert A. Smith, who undertook the arduous task officers, who.were not far behind in gymnaetic agility,:j^ed 34 years—Jeavee* wife and fota children.11. Tttomaa Masters, resided on Sixth street, nearmorality and happiness, require of me a few words. You s a y :.— »STRKBT . • Cr.«AwiKro ARRANGEMENTS—MR. SMITH erable ground and lofty tumbling in jumping and'the wrong man, they allowed hhn to go on hia wajr heme without further trouble. Officers -Grrogsn and Johnston, of the Third "District Police, w h o wore i aBroadwaj; a g e could n o t irife and two children.b eascertained—leaves*" The PanuH»e o f free-lovwi i t tfc© State o f Indiana, wh«ro 12. John Sullivan, resided on Patterson alley, b#- the lax principle* of Robert Dale Owen and the ntter want of jween Main and Sycamore; aged JQ yeazs—leaves a piinHplr. of John Pettii (leading rorUera of tho law*,) oomblnad to eat ibilsh. loxne y e a n since, a state o f U w which anablea menjwiie and three children. * and women to get unmarried nearly at pleasure."13 John Unssell,resided on Sixth street, east of Youarcusually,I think,correct.inyour statementsBroadway} aged 47 years—leaves a wife and five of fact, and doubtless always intend to be so. That jchUdTen.undergo some slight alterations and repair before'start- of cleaning our city streets, have been ao harassed and finally one of the fugitives becoming tired at- the vicinity, seonred the neighborhood, but were u s -v JU ingforChina,whichwilldetainheramonthortwo anddissatisfiedbytheactionsofinterestedparties, temptedtoconcealhimselfinacorneroftheyard,but abletofindtheassailants. ' •<a ;•t if,CO., VJLTBFJREBTHBEE OTHER MEN SHOT AND WOUNDED.JFVwia Th* Peterilmry y-xpr***, February 23.The usually qniet a n d law-abiding people of thexcountyofHeaxyhavebeexuntexuelyexcitedforthe paflt three o r four days, in consequence o f a terrible tragedy—or rather triple tragedy—that was enacted in their midst on Saturday last, The partlooiars reached us last evening through a source entirely reliable. T h e details, although n o t a s full as we shall doubtless b ein this endeavor you sometimes fail, we have a proof tc-day.. . .So far as I recollect, the Indiana law of Divorce does not owe a single section to Mr. Pettit. B e that, however, as it may, it owes one of its provisions, andfrom Aspinwall for Greytown on the 19th of February: all well. Commander Wm. Bedford has been orderedceived the following letter from the conquered con- tractor: , • .second street, and rushing up stairs sought to concea himself in a lady's bedroom. The affrighted damseTRIPLEHOMICIDEIN HENRY mto the new steamer Dakota, now fitting out at #os- D. E . DBLAVAX, etq.f City Inspootor—DEAD. Sra: Xnconse- ran screaming to the street, and meeting the officer ia check for $100, on Friday night* Upon the same •£<*•BBOTHEB8INSTANTLYKILLED—formed him of the hiding place of the culprit. He. was finally dragged forth from beneath the'lady's b»d and •safely conveyed to the Station-Hbuse in company with>odt» enabled to give at an early day, ar© sufficient to cause&thrill of Eorror at their mere recitaL I;appears,accordingtotheversion gixanus, thatOf some years since a granddaughter of the venerableKate Johnson, a young colored woman, was employedabout tw o months since as cook in the family of Mrs. brutality and ill-treatment to applicants for aid by somaont only, to me. I found that law, thirty-four yearsago, when I first became a resident of the State, in substancenearlywhatitnowis;indeedwithallits the19thofFebruary:allwell.entered into with your Department, b y and with the consent of To clean the streets of tho city immediately will require a largoessential features the same.myself, i n conjunction withLegislature, for revision; and w e amended it in a ringle point, namely: b y adding to the causes of di- vorce ''habitual drunkenness for two years." I n n o other particular, either by vote or proposition, have I beeninstrumentalinframing oramending:thelaw in question, directly or indirectly.Do not imagine, however, that I aeek to avoid a n yresponsibility in regard to that law as it stands. I cor-dially approve it. lit has stood the test for forty or fiftyyears amoxga people whom, if you knew them as inti-mately as I do, candor would compel you to admit themto be, according to the strictest standard of morality youmay set up, not one whit behind those of sister States,owing to the representations made i n t h e Common Council, a s well as to my employees direct, that thoy would not bWpaid. Therefore, Trespectiully decline to proceed farther in this.mat- ter on and alter this evening, the 3d inst. .R O B E R T A . SMITH.- No. 200 Wett Twenty-ninth street, March 3,1850.I t w a s once referred to another member o f theShe will be newly coppered, and all other necessaryrepairs made. The United States lake-Bteanier Michi- during the Winter, will again offer their facilities to. through the baek yardfl of a row of twelve bouses m knocking one down with a loaded osme, and breakingport, Va.. The eloop-of-war Germantowh, CommanderPage, haBbeen ordered,home viaPoint do Galle, Islecasion the Ladies' Aid Society, atteehed to ttie Churob, presented the Pastor's wife with the stanof^IOO i^ gold. •. . . . '» ..THIESTJPERIKTE«DSMTS orTKEPOOR,—A Coml mittee, conwating of Messrs. Crooke, Kenmbre, a n d Fitzsimmons, was appointed at the last meeting of the Board o f Supervisors, t o investigate charges otMr. Delavan immediately, by letter, requested Con- Stanley, No. 63West Thirteenth street. She held that of thoee in charge of the office of the Superintendent*of Franco, and Cape Town. The steamers Lancaster, th« Mayor end Controller.the traveling public. - VTwenty-second street. Each house was supplied with it over the arm of the other, which forced bim to let got a back fence; and the agile burglars displayed consid- his hold. Becoming convinced that they had woke u plonger. Sheisabout800tunsburden,and cost $200,- thatMr.S.isabletocontinuehis enterprisenolonger. was detected andsecured. Theother thief dashed 000. The slopp-of-war S t Louis, Capt. Poor, Bailed On Saturday night, therefore, Inspector Delavan re- through a glass door of one of the houses in Twenty--*-*•PRESIKT TO- A PASTOR AXD HIS WIFX.—The ,OO»T gregation o f t h e Y ork-street Methodist Chnrchvpra* ented their pastor, the Rev. John A. Searlee, wjftfc <*Iirfquence of Aldermanic and other official influence acting upon m yemployees. I find that it is inopossiblo for me to proceed with the work of cleaning the streets under the temporary arrangementSaranac, and aloop-of-war Cyane were, a t Panama o n force o f men and carta, which i t i s impossible t o obtain in suf- his confederate. Justice Quackenbuah committed both ficientnumbersto-performtheworksatisfactorily,tomyself, theaccusedtoanswer.ITEMS.A CRIMINAL COLORED COOK CAXTGHT IN COURT.—troller Haws's permission to commence .work to-dayposition forthespaceofthreedays,when,onemorn-ing, before the family were up, Kate departed in a hur-ried manner, tahing with her a silk dress, some skirtsand other clothing, valued at $80. Since then Detect- this city bast week was 105, of which 34 were adult* iveSloweyhasbeenlookingforKate,butsheman- and71children. Theprincipaldiseaseswerecon*- aged to keep out of the way until Saturday morning. sumption, 14; scarlet fever, 19; inflammation lur^ga,conformitywith tho Charter.identical Kate who had been solong wanted. She was accordingly arrested, and taken to Headquarters, where she confessed her guilt. Meantime Mary John- sonwasdischargedbytheCourt,butwasinstantlyre- arrested by Detective King on another charge of rob-tective Bavnor, whofound herwanderingr about the street* without shoes or stockings. She appeared to be insane, and wa» taken to the Hospital b y Police Surgeon Ball.• " ••'•-.•' fBURGLARY.—The, houee of Mr.G.Or.Bennett,on Middle street, between Seventh and Eighth avenues, was rel«- neous'y entered ,by barglars o n Friday night last, and robbed of articles worth about $15. The entrance was effected through BY Window. ' ..}—One of tho rascals who have hitherto plundered thelamp-postletter-boxeswithimpunity^hasatlength gavehisnameasJohnBeedwasarrestedinthe counterfeitbillontheMetacometBankofFallRiver,Massacha-Hoboken, Weehawken, the rear districts of Brooklyn,. Tyenty-first Ward while in the act of deUverihg somePost-Officeclerk,towhomthehistoryofthecapture bogusletters. Hebadwithhimalargenumberof A COURT-HOUSKoutWASHINGTON PARK.—^At th«the Central Park, and Jones's Wood, all were alive ia as creditable as itis disgraceful to a certain member letters, directed to different residents of the ward, con- last meeting of the Board of Sapervisors, &Special Committee o fThe next day, upon consultation "with . M r. that Grant's wi'e and Kiernan had gone out tcgother. aad thatticket to California, in order to join her husband. A young fellow was very officious in assisting herchihi from the cars to ther boat, and it is presumed that h« Btole t h e money. T h e poor woman returned homa nearly heartbroken at her leas and the prospect of &had a crowded house for her benefit. After the per-: Fowler, an inspection w as instituted of the Rubseqwently tho onraoged hasbaod found tho absconding conploformance, the entire company left • for Boston in the( steamer Commodore, to fulfill an engagement at thethe person of one Daniel F . Palmer, residing a t No. 98 mitted a felonious assault. ..YoungMan"isstilltheattraction,andbidsfairtohold possession of the stage for aome time to come.Bamum's Museum.—The " Octoroon" continues tofurther separation from her husband.. > •_•»WaUack's Tfttalcr.—The "Bomance of a Poor hehadstolenthekeyfrom hisemployer,andgaveup ARREST or YOUNG BURGLARS.—On Friday night,be played afternoons and evenings. The mysterious and had accumulated quite a deposit in the savings er articles of small value. The .thieves had also attempted to HOUGH—SAMLER—In this city, on Saturday, March 3, at DNtblow'open the safe by putting powder in the lock, but had failed. nondescript, and a California grizzly bear, are alsq^on bank, although a married man with only a salary of $6. The officers also cbarge them with one or two other late at-tempts atburglaryin thesameward. Thostolen pistolwa<Van Ness's Church, o n Twenty-first street, b y the Rev. Dts, Holburt of Yonlters, Mr. Chas. V . Hough of New-York City, toMissEllaV.SomlerofSouthYonkera.WIBIRT — BALDWIN — On Satnrday, March 3, by the Ear.. ' Thomas Arinitaca, D . D.. Mr. Henry H. Wibirt to Mb» MaryJ. Baldwin, all of this city. ^ ^•'<ABORN—-At Orange, N.J., on Thuzaday, March l/Dotoas* Wallace Aborn, wife of Robert W . Aborn, and daughter \>tT Israel Sheldon, esq., of Alabama, in the 89th year of her <ure-per week... The prisoner waived .an examination be- other Ethiopian novelties, are announced for the pres- go before the Grand Jury to-day. The penalty for hisfound in their possession, and they were committed b y JusticeTne^ more w eSo many artists have come to this conn*,ry that t h e list yet unheard is confined to two or three of renown. Rumor accords great powers to Mad.Tabbri, lately ar- rived here via South America, who will sson appear in thia city. I t is also btatod that a young lady of this city, a pupil of Mr. Meyb's, is to take to the operatic stage.Miss Patti, i t is announced, will proceed to London, to challenge the criticism of the old world.A young artist, Mr. Cooke of this city, with a beau- tiful tonor voice, intends, we learn, to go on the musi- cal boards. He has already sung at the Academy as an amateur, and he is universally admired in musical cir- cles.•»LECTURES TO COME pry.—This evening, the Bev. Dr. Scndder will repeat his entertaining lecture on" India" before the Hatfield Young Men^s Christian Association, in Dr. Hatfield's Church, corner of Ninth avenue and Tbirty-first Btrcet. Judge Clerk will deliver the eleventh lecture of his course before the New-York TJniverrity Law Department, in the University build- ing,Washingtonsquare,at7% o'clockp.m.; thesub-ject is " The Bights relating to Servant and Masteryincluding Employer and Clerk."The lecturer willyon Duuo. IUPOHTISQ. HARDWAR*. OR FAJPKR VVAK»Hoya*.— To let,with theprivilegeofpurohuse,orforsale,»l>oelegant Brown-Stonu Store. Number 13 B«UtttA» STRMKT, six atertes in bight,withfineBasementandSub-cellar, WghoelUugii.wen lighted, end replete with every convenience. 1he*W*?*\& rt«gard«,d a s o n e of. t h e best and most subetantUUybuUt in t h e city. TLeJlotissnorethanfull«tee;andtho^t^r "Uea^Organs; or, The Cauee and Prevention of Dyspopsia," at Hope Chapel, at 8 o'clock. J.H.Siddons will speak on " The Great DomeBtio Obligation," a t Gold-t thecornerbuildins,andthespecious vWta^»>^^aae^af£ beletv«ththeStore. Ifdoalred alotwillbesold,or jwj^g the rear of th e above, rnnninjthrouchto Ann-*A.-«io«i^uo bv ovsr 16* feol in depth (noon whicb ore good fourstoryilre-M *.E8EROLE- In Williamsburf;bi on Friday morning, March2 . Lj dia S., wife of Abraham Mcserole, jr , in the 30th year o f uer age. r •N o . 765Broadway,8 o'clock.Cireuis and Dkiivct Courts will he opened to-moriow^the Sixteenth a n d Ninteenth Centuries," b e - fore the Christian Union.a: Clinton Hall. To-mor- row (Tuesday) evening the Bev. J; P .Newman vs-ill deliver hia lecture on •'Washington th e Prototype of the American Character," in the Norfolk-street Meth- odist Episcopal Church, between Bivi3gton|nnd Stan- ton Btreet*, in behalf of the ladies of j that church. O n Wednesdayevening,the Bev.W.XLMUburnwillre- peat;dsinsti'Qctivelootureon"WhataBlindMano hlrrtuab^tcmUi^wmPo* pormo)«»nt eligibility, this central, looauon cannot o e s „ .saw in England," in the Presbyterian Church, in Janeand Pluy," before the- Trinity Young Men's Christian Association, in Thirty-fourth street, botweeu Sev- enth and Eighth avenues,.» ' •'.••v--A-'Y ork,). Mid sent, prepaid,_on caoelpt o f price, b y l t . W . SIMa tMONROE—In Jthis city, on Saturday mornlnt;, March 3, o f consumption,HenryA.Monroe,aged21years.SIGLEll—In this citv, on Friday, March 2, Mrs. Marv P . Sigler. wife o f Theodore Slgler, aged 21 years, 5 months and 1> days. SC'OVELL—On Sunday, March 4, Emma Reboooa, daujhter o fHenry A. and Jauo E . Scovell, aged 4 years, 1 month and I tdnys. • .. : \ The friends of the family ar« inviUd to attend the funeral at tba refcldrnccof ber parents, No. 234 Weet Nineteenth'street, oavTuesday, the Cth fust., at 2 o'clock p. m . - THURSTON—On Sunday momlng, Maroh 4, of acarlet. foT^. Fiances Ann, youngent child of Charles C. and Caroline Thnn»-ton; aged 2 years, 11 mouths and 6 days.Tho relatives and friends of the family are respectfully i*TM** **Jattctd U e funeral at th«lr residence, No. 141 Weat Fifty-tt1*1** street,onTuesdayafternoonat2o'ulack.Boston pupers please copy.WALLACE—On Saturday, March 3,Dr. W .W. Wallaooi *««« The funeral w ill take place to-day (Monday), from th* fjg^MiOJot hi.son.No.115 Bank street, ut10o^olock. *^J**ffii5 tho famUy ore respectfully invited to attend without tunuac notice.. ..AWHITE—In Brooklyn, on Sunday, Maroh 4t-Harri«tta. yeon«»«i daughterotWm,A,aadLucyJ>White,-««*l.«**•«*WJJbeck's Hall,Dwight H. Olmstead, on "The Beformation of theformer byJudgeSmalley. Themotion ofMrs.crime .is. not less than ten years' imprisonment. T h eBroadway. Mrs. Holght had in her employ a lad named Thoma* policeman who refused to make the arrest when called Earner, oRed seventeen years, who w a s engaged to do errands,:Iupon has hean summoned before, .the police authoritiestoaccountfcrhisconduct. Underthecircumstances, sucharticleswereusuallykept-Thomaswassuspectedofhav-hisrefusalshowshimtobewhollyincompetenttoper- ingstolenthevaluables,andonbeingaccused,lit)fullyconfessed tbathocommittedtheth«ft.HewaatakenbtforeJuuticemarryingefforts to render the marriage void. be taktn to Germany for interment.a n dH i s remains willIi t.1ber^faiher'scoachman,h e rfather'sN-EW-YORK HosriTAL.—-Weekly raport to March 2,1: ITerm, will render decioionB in causes heard last month before tho cloze of the present term.QfcicxConch,whichleft'this port Feb.29,at 3 p.m>,for Norfolk,Richmond,&c.,arrivedat2o'olockp.m., Sunday 4h7rnaking the round trip in 95 hours, taken iuP. S—Tho elegant comer buildlu«, or two Jots bey K»a»ri„ connecting ^ ^ S i i ^^ ,l dTHEBURTONWILLCASE.—W&areinformedthat,Mona&Co.,Publishers,Dp^vijj,,# y"Dr. Jackaon'*il«cture«ar«^waya point- The Tribune saysourreport,lastweek,wasiAOOicreotinstatingthatMis. qUOttU'''w^tolwaya pointed, •cioutiuo, andolo-twoyoungmen,named.StephenO'DonnellandRobertCoxwrell,"chores." On Friday last a gold watch and chain valued attime.qutI t appears that the decot sed bad-prepared a. liniment com- it Iposed of ch'oroform and anconlto as an external-app'icatlon for a pain in the head.; Getting up in the nisht for a drink of water, the deceased by mistake BWollowed t h e liniment. O n visitlnj his room i n the morning, the chambermaid found him dead a n a tiui'e cold. Coroner Schirmer hold an inquest on the body, a n dthe jury returned poison. "a verdicto f"deathb yaccidentallytakingRemaining Feb. 24Admitted to March 2Discharged, cured or relieved'.. 1 5Died I—ISUIOIDB,—An Irish woman, living a t;JooSwirtbo'^s),mating;fomB - f t ^ ^ t ^ S & S 2 1 hit, fjMt. W i a b e sold free o f inentabiauce. ana a tnongago, o r* tofaiSw with the ajpt, if ao wanted b y capitoiisU r^ ^ ^h1ghryprod1)otive rent-roll of first-class ocenpuion, w iSTUDENT LIFE; OR, HOW TO "WORK THEBinAiw AimNOTRCIN_TUK_BO»T..AJjAoturebyjAMRHa'••;,three Irish laborers, named Tbomae Grant. Owen Rlloy, and City Ferry Depot of a purse ("•obtaining $275. Ska^j b f tmyORKGORT—NODINE—On Wednesda;y, Feb. 22, at Fordbo-n, N. y . , b y the Rev. James Bolton, CoL Samuel Gregory ofDaiar bury, Cetn., and Mrs. Matilda A. Nodine of Fotdham", N . Y -»• Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•ggyj^y^w^gM^i^^^_• ' '••'www.fultonhistory.com%&^H'*ii»immmtmiimmmvM^^ 