DIBCODESBS UPON THE PRESENT CRISIS. Csttxm^^ tor Otz-a,tJ.tu.c3.ebul", to my Uinitodtoink little of that I tvlli a.-<k him to autooiity,nets and nutritioutness ol (boo if ahe describes one asktog forWe are like aud pamperedcessive indulgence.We are Irritated, when we oagbt to be profonadlythankful. Perhaps, it has been expected taat to-dayState abonld be grateful to God. Besides these, when we take the more limited range of the past year's his-toem. Liberty.I cannot close these remarks witoout theThe vtottms of famine are computed, exprea- every year, by thoosands. The body auflOers so muchstore toeir forth afforJIngallsweptwhicehnnoouwghfall ftrhoemy omuirght groantogIt presents the additional claims upon our grati-loatnsomest things—forbocy obtains not the poor reelect of decent totormeoi,as a broken fragments of the Union strewed is no danger of mischiefs tocalculable and totermtoa- to the \ ulture and toe jaekall. Thank God, 11TbaaghTo dr«B ao mean, and to eat toe leaa,tory,tude, arisingmi the fr\iltB of the earth, general hecdth and what toing myself obligedhope-breaking there is no complalntog in the streets.from an almost unexampled abundance —vernto, tosects, greedy hungerreptiles—going Happyyea, happy is Ihe people whose God is toe Lord." See how kindly Godhas bestowed onuswhich the ancient sage entreated for himself. What is wanting to make us a contented and thankful peo-a Christian's eye is of more consequence than these the withposture of our affa-rs, before I can feel free to believe toat tiierebut it is thrown toto toe or left sea,Bore evils to deplore—eriis,consiittrid.'This is the point. Whatever opin- name of my Gcd In vain.—Proti. xxx., 7, 8, 9. **tempitog to envy, but onoevegrewahtipclhattoh,ewwihtoloeut tperaomtuo-fberance or undulation,human move on to anni- animals, equally yoked, mayIf Lilatton to blessed equammlty•r less, this mlngl,>tng of Ibe reasons for joy with thetrue, accordingand Lemuel were brotoers, their motoer,which tofidei noUonslike these travel, in seemly maysix, the Is shut and toe tired mechanic finds shopderThe ancient methods preecriborl forperience.tion. The point at is-sue is. whetoer those who now person Singularly::sion. "Thought cannot be recalled so qutokly, and a deserve and next to reflect howmuch more misera-Look at Spain,be said by avery human being, every day andwho as nate were Ithiel and Ucal to their preceptor. Very the earto.left to giveand who has reached a position property of both, or on toe contrary, encircle it fame. For toathis sententious wis- efly. Many there are who have battled bravely are busy-bodies, meddling with otoer men's matters. any. In the book of Ecclesiastes is a .series of appears, In a country where government patronage is so im- maxims and oliservations, which have a wonder-la which he has some crocs to bear? Smiles and ^twith a wall, witolo whose impassable limits itshall be left to flourish or perish, as toe casedommayaught have oftenagatost adversity, sternly keentog faith in extremewitoGodandwithtoem'selves. Thebrightest dispensedful appropriateness, "Dead flies cause toe ointment of toe apoitecaiy to send forth a sttoking savor—so doto a little folly him that is to reputation for wisdomU CO, there is always a queEtion to be settled bygoodrocks,shells,ererymanasheAudieihis owntion into toeir own hands, and defend what toey con- sider toeir own honor and safety by retiring from afession, foregoing all and honest work, and regular"A wise man's heart is at his right hand—but a1 ife from day to day, whether his conStition, at any given time, calls for ore of joy than sorrow, or for more of sorrow thanbalmedIn toe estimation of this Idumean teacher,ou the surface of the water, pure and fragrant, has itscharac- root to the ooze and slime. Men there are, expecUnt^loclutch somefool's heart is at his left." " Hetoat diggeto a pMhumiliation under God's chastisement, or exultation under God's beneficence, be his presentthe evils of his oondliion, and lookand.earnest debatesafter many mutual exaspera-a discussion, What he toought of toe introduction hurt thcrewitoof evil toto toe world," simply replied, that endajjptred thereby,"jay Khetherduty—whether gratitude to God requires of Mm.who, poor beyond all our expe- to on the other side alter toe failure of not the outward estote we are thought .allshutand men to about a conciliation of con- patriotic bringare tocldental and correlative toof our disaster as if we to bear about toe wing of foito, trusttog as did Lazarus affairs of State would go along most swimmingly ifhisey^pto only at his pleasures.ef pursuitsSome talk of the duty of cheer-fulness, as U it were a standing duty under all circum- dead-lock, which threatens todescrtoabie disasters," burtoens which are too We make toe firm foot, hangtog toeMaaces. But ills shallow philosophy and a shallowwhich exacts cheerfulness from one who isfull of words and the labor of toe foolishall the elements of such a* the moment draining the bitter dregs of sin than usual.are mord abundanttoeir whole life in an Immodest and med-"Burden not," says old Sir Tuohss BaewN, "the dency of extreme poverty is to mischief. Political dlesome taktog care of the State. 'There may be times to the city." There Is then a wisdom which is bettorreUfieaand trouble. On the contrary, woe to those whoprosperityNevertheless, it cannot be questioned toat toe ten-bands, spendwhen we are all to wish toe of work and greater than official titles and positien.. 'Thlaplamt —recrimination,brought anyrnaybe attended wito untold mischiefs.have lietter reasons than are toe presented bythem on theto the extent to which we believe in the im- prosoerously under its influences. Should it be rup- precision, tlie condition here totendcd. Riches and an enemyaltar. Our country is in danger. If this be so, thnnthem;If there be any here, who hold the danger to be altogether imaginary or greatly ei:ig-exctisofsocial progress, the material of civilization—it is notthanksgiving!.injuries,wtiichadopLpartswnat, GoJ,by bis own honest lian.l.more of real pleasure and ''umfon—Xgood old English word—toan" to ail toe surnptuous-comLgypt; plantedAskingmightattato to toesometimesleave respectfully to differ from them.blesiings, and builds everlasting habitatians in toe life to come.righteomness by the mUd sun-light ofpeace and love,not by the glaring torch of war. There has beenfrom Press and Platform, and, alas! Pulpit, also,esoarh of violfcnce, in the shape of violent counsels, man rights and duties secure a durable adjus'-ment.mstruct us toat toere are extremes of condition,—for these conoslequencesinoafllpervertaedndweianlualil Ian- been toe theme ^atirc, agesand have bc( n condensed inManfuunded misstatoment, and aggravating taunts andand dis-treasure In toe handsof It is not a ipigai industry.others,parentofPerhapsitthe millions who liveor uncun.-oicusly as toey uu toe povertybe found difficult to define, with with tois brilliant and fiattertog enemy, ratoer toan to contentment so sweet a shelter. He overhears toe will to-day repeat most devoutly toe prayers that other foe. rotigh and iinplacable want. Richesand the fostermayare relative terms. We are all rich, we areatiuospQere all they brentoc, know its value by the loss of it. Pas-Thou,rijamin and Mrma-^sah stir up thy strength tosionate nitods, exasperated byaristog from certain contingent wurktogs of its pro- visions, may question in a scornful way its advan-w-ewould be counted rich who possesses the means ofcluims by a Divine right to govern to the Cabinet, the Senate, the Forum, as well as to toe Church and fan-wealth, enormous wealto, hereditary or acquiredlamlliar results of universal experience.ily. Only in toe measure in wUchguaKes, verbs—tooseit does so can hu- Only in tliat case can toe life of a na'aou rc.tllze theandtween totse polar extremesfatobtlity.appeutc! wl.i, u boKin in the soul. Nor can where the point at issue ia not a question of owner. lB:jC;nu fa-.orite sjjot, where Nature, ui heralland enterprise Ourctoenvderncgiees as a arefoUow-si\.these FW^H""" one ihi ir character from the poeiUveandexpresslaw God, (to h-ippiest combinu'.ion ol hiU'ani vale, wood and water, given byta by consangnh.lty, toe liveliest and extravacan.'e is always a crime. tion, oiiist be moved bysvmpatoytothere was de'iv-r"rinn him th"real or fanciedin somephysicaltoe instrument of benevolence, bread to the hun-have been uttered pro- fessedly In the interests of Liberty and humanity, have BO obviously the flavor of mjuatict, (I purpo;:eiy use a trite word, but ni-'h it to be taken in Its broadestexcited the evil passions of men. But it is not theethod of the Gospel to pro.oke retort and recrimin-arion, but rather to reconcile differences if they toeir cui.ntry who arc prompt rashly to hack toat eiror has already cankered our hearts, if we are iniis- lulely Independenoftto tte extremesarcasms, which, thoiigh theyof out revolution.witooutreform wito- Prompted by itiis spirit, wo shili.be witoheld fromconceptlungrowthdistortiun,tlie exercise of our best qualities—parthowmany with seats."economy, sense,] that we cannot woiuler that they should have sion. We should approach even its faul',s as to toe pittctices,(-elf-re 11 ar.cewhere, byvirtue of suchf '•G ve mc notIt iseager attention of toe'*beginntog toe ttforinati^nt f toe St:ttt' by iu; subver-"tain It IIow manypurchasewitvinds of a futher, wito pious awe a:;d trembling" ta- in oM PiTMOOTH." There was naturally morewhat woald besolicitude, anJ look wito horror on toose cliiidrcu oiwho is nch ter, a dependent child. Tearful blesstogsterest than usual felt by all to hear^wv ^^^^p mimmmmmmmm VOL. X.—NO. 2869.She |feto^l0tk ®me^.NEW-YORK, FRIDAY, NOVEMBER 30, 1=^60. PRICE TWO CENTS.matters in dispute between the sections of this laal, arrangemenis which shall deprive a separation of the know BO katier shelter. Poverty here Is no romantic deied a most kindly service, to the interest of humanity words expHcIlly and emphatically. If toere ar« anv' THANKSGIVING DAY IN THE CHURCHES. snd apply to tnem the great moral princlpics ol lytult- odious features of violence. If any one should inaglBaiton; hut a grim, gaunt and gaastly foe, In toose poems, toe Songthe " Work-reason ofUaLlty. This is a task which would require more ^^.eer at this as an impossioilUy, much more agaimtwlilch toe over-worked fight bard lor very life. home Clock," and ihe " Lay of toe Laborer," in which seninicnf, orcalamlty,or aoprehenslon, iloabt wtietherspace than I have at my command here, and more if aiiy one talk of force as toe only solution, I eao Coaiforts ore not uno otfier, thatl do not choose to enter upon the mjO- which lies aiiogether on toe side of peace. Or ii lie hi raking labor. The choice is not as to torf wnolesome- adequate compensation. It is in the laet of these that pioduced by toe superabuxidance of Dlvtoe favors.earned ofabUlty than 1 pretend to. It i« for these reasons, and oi ly point him to the suprtune autoorlty of toe Gospel, to»y Miall tarelv live. It is all hard, downright back-ilittle of tne ccaisest, obtalneo at the hardest, can keep off starva- and utter the counsels of Peace. I well know that it ble of doing each otoer unnumbered mischiefr, so tion. Excessive toil, and meagre diet, and unsuitable is an ungiacious and dangerous task to belong to no necessary to each other, so similar to many toioga^ so daelltogs, bring on premature age; and when ex-tovolvei bound bvparty, but the party of the country, generally domestic ties, cannot be held togetoer hausllou produces sickness, disabling from workthe necessity if Implicitly, if not expllciUy condemn- voluntaruy, whether the attempt to hold them to- which cannot afford a respite, toere Is no hope (or toe the spirit cr the measures of rival parties. Ill getoer by bay enet and cannon must not neoessu-lly thousands, even In a parish poor-bouse—only in aof those who are doomed to severe labor, but are denied anthis is the time for rerideitog of properlers In controversy as a disputant,field of tofluence, to stand at the side ol the Mastersay tf, when Ihe pai ties at it sue so evenly balanced, so capa-;enoughnothtog?but honest workchildren, who araby reason of ex-sav I will belong to neliher, it is not because I would involve an inevitable trato of miseries before which pauper's grave." Over the stones Rattle Ills bonea"To ply toe needful tool,And rkiU'd enough, by lessons In labor's rugged schooLtleorwesruign^gesgtliooBmSilyof couaael. Itopnrao*f<- appropriateevade responsibility.Chri't I will not practice toeAs a citizen or as a minister of ocmuion humanity, not to say Christianbrotherhood, any stands aghast. It is an acknowledged principle la aoane* deUTered la tte churches of thia City •nd' opinion I entertain, if the eipscaalon of it can be of national morals toat unless the interest to bs but of that fact, I secured by a resort to force be superemtoeitchosen times.andand bumtron would consent to spend one whole day ia n- ocuntmg toe miracles of God's mercy to tis as a peo-Behnr we give teporta of a Urge nnmber of difeconcealment ofany service to any great toteratl ;mast be allowed to be my owMjudge, under my re- in value, and wlthto probable reaett—4nstuTe<- Would you know what real poverty is. you nost go sponsibility to God and my (dlQWs. tion, and revelotton, Implytog toe bloody .resort lo far aw ay among a foreign paaaantry. You must lookAvoiding toe heats of mere party, I hope aad be- war, are murderon a large scale. They gain nsthln;, the men w ho froai tlkelr birth are so faaiiiiarroughThat I shall snare bis Worship's hare,my toeme,astoe veryone moat aoltahle to thaBtooUra, yetterday, apeo the preseat poUUcal crlcis, tthacMme ite have for thankagMng and for ha- lUMloa and prayer. la almoat erery instanee, the efcanke* were well filled, aad in some, odIt standlng-wa< to be had.theto a large and attendre most of all a civil war. I shall not stond alone among same altar so long, and listened to toe same Divine EC Icmn toat it cuts you to toe heurtto see childrent>r km his Grace's;it would seem toat toegratitode wUeb foeh aaXfsirenlty-place preached,eoDgregaUon of whom Senator CEinMMu.ofKen- my bretoren, Norto and Souto, East and West, who Teacher, in vain. Let toem apply to toe uttermost that do not and cannot smBe. Yda must TisH yetthe faculties for commerce—Uoerty to expand In thecry pity.No alms I askgive me my task:tion,Look at tois:where no amoant 0(.taU proaiiaaa com- pensaUon. 'i'ou mn»t saffer youridf to be assailed bylieve the Pulpit of the Christian communloa to which they loose much. In tnis case—sbouid the worst upondeer;ple,I count It an honor to belong, will fulfill the office of to toe worst—oh God forbidibeuld parties wlueh and are bent,Lordship^house ;toe peace-maker, and wito one voice counsel to-day now sUnd face to face reftise to live together to lorpretumtogtolive. You must visit (brelgn manu-the cultivation of that spirit of motnal forhearanca. peace, mycry to God (iiall be, let them separate to factories, and aiark young children creeping oat oftoat moderation aad candor; toat aiatual raspeet and peace. Let toem ronsult each other's interests aad totlr miserable bouses, wnile It la yet dark- iuus uJconehJeration for one another's real dilBoilttea andreal which are at rights, absolutely necessarytoe present moment, if we are to avoid the tre-Her.Db.Pom,»tthePreeoyterianChurchIn mendousperilswhichfollowtoanywar,and andsoprovethattoeyhavenoteatenbreadattoe inbeadandhmbi,andsittingdowntotheirworksoJJ18C0UR8B Oy idtof. DR. POTTS, laa DOTT or c<3k;iliatiok.not iheir own exclusively- let toem toe seldom- fiom insufficient sleep br toe stroke of the wotuaoae tryme, that aoit beto toe best toat criticism, Agurtouch our on add It, a good mtoister, work no less than toose aa- toe vineyard from us and give it to tho5e who will ren-dicted to manual labor. No less ? The clock strikesayhour of his lifela the scale of hiteiness that he has not some mercy extended into unoccupied territory, toe common philosophy of life bettei than all the sages of classic be celivered from a state which endangered his hon- tog methods of shirking this law of workble webe than wef^thaiuij^or,perilsThose will always be found who are in devls- look at Mexico, look at Au'^'.ria expert;have a numerical majority andwhat human being is sunk so low an ancmalous tostitution. shall permit it to be little do we know of Agur, but he has hit toe truesleepless night often follows the work of toe day.mightare.—look wtiere you will,regard it Thetrials severe.of toe extreme poor are many, and their Agur prayed most wisely toat he mightreallypoor, accordtogcomparisonof the world he which isinat length the grateful proprietor takes po5se.s,-iionKptoaim!they go along cnnglag,asifiaapoligytried arto of unselfishness Inculcated by the (Gospel clock—fed on thto potatlon^of gruel, pattering atoagcalls.often, as an of toe Bible, I have called attentitontertporeter— upon those who disagreelet toem to differ, agreewet and streeu wito naked feet, defoiakaa snowyyour toe obligations of eUlzeaa to thecivilGovernmentDomenreflectwhatitiato live under a Government of constitudonal law, with none to molest or to make us afraid ? Because, like toe air we breathe, it is so common, are we regaid- IcES of the magnitude of the blesstog ? While other nations are abandoned to anarchy, rent with rerola- tion, or oppressed by despotism, are we ta- dlffcrent to toe value of toat self-govemawntbelong to the great body of my own Church—in ex-horting ail parties to weigh well toe questions in-volvea, before toey come to toe conclusion that toe dif-ferences are essential and irreconcilable, and toe fur- Alasl toatalienatton should so generally breed vio- a Swiss or Italian beggar, so deformed, so diseased,tacky, waaone, a aennon from the textlUtthew T. : S,—•• BImed are the peaoemaker«, fortheyihall be called the ohUdren of God.broad land, rich In fertile »oU« and mineral tocr and final conclusion that these differences justify lence; but toat it may not do so now, join with me in so wan, so importunate, that their forms will hauntwealth, a fiiTorable climate, a sea-line abounding in a complete rupture, even though it tovolvei toe abro- the humble prayer to God, toat lie would dispose the you in ) cur dreams, touchtog your veiy soul wito too gation of the government, and toe uistntogration of tlia hearts of men to settle toeir mutual claims and datlei >ad for 8 111 further Eastward must we go,toe "new commandment," and set an example which shall falsify toe hateful adage, toat men's liking for each other is in toe Inverse ratio of their noarnesi.otoer lands, where no sort of duutig pretends to b ripI hear inandwealth—tliesecon- tlon avoice the despoti"c kings; Herearethearms,toeleg.nation, pos&lbly ^Into many parts.imagiaa- upona basis ofpeace,andtousavoidtoose conflictsfor toe moreand saltans are to beourowncondiiion "nrosparity, wito it Tbetr aoasmany to-day suggesting inquiry from which t>oto parties will probtoly emerge wito a lound in toe land of barbaric pearl and gold," the The a itrengto, the sinews of man.andarc as plants grown up in their youthas corner stones polished after toe Elmlllnde of a pal- ace. Their garners are full, manner ofdirection of reUgion, learningstltole the permanent reasons why the people of this whether toe potots actually and professedly at loss of their most precious possessions—and among moreci:mpareissue, the rnistaltes and injuries committed on both fides, which have caused mutual com-miserable of human Ufe.are toe poor. Here la tlie Great SaharaTo work, and not to beg. StiU one of Adam's heirs,doom'd chance of blrto bytheir dsoglitaiaandany nearer to a solution and redress by a revolutionBion of the strange emotions which imman me, at fiiul-arelor it icould be a revolution—and one, alastoat the whole man Is brutalizodsheep bring thousands and tiiefr ozeawhich I tiear — toem a>k, as 1 myself ask from boto sides, whether,andwhendeath comes,the humaniBstead oi the fat of the earth To make such bumble mealsAs honest laborA bone and a crust, writo a grace to God, And little thanks to man.outtions move and ought to move—a great social ques-reserves to them that right.It is considerations like these, which should makethey oughttion—infinitely in andteresting pregn-intihat our tocessant prayer should be, that He will avertthe evil—or if toat should not be, then that he would Ireland, toe lazzarord of Naples, toe Arabs of Syria, all belong lo It 'We have no strata of societywhichever way it is decided a question, however, which, as I t)eheve, it is toe peculiar right and duty of one of the parties to decide for itself, under any circuraslances, and n.cstof aiitmdera Constitution which expresslytingle family toat might not iliis day sit down toe Digger Indian—who would tie glad and grate- separable one from toe other, by a necessity of work happily togeiher at a better meal toan milltona upon ful If only take the ciumbs Imposed upon one, from which otoers are exempt millions in the old world ever saw in all toeir Uvea.ends,Two things have I required of them'; deny me them mlllenium, to which property is to t>ecome a com-under toeprieilegeofself-exertion.He' is a work-areqoer-—soften it and avert its worst consequences.REV. DR. 'WM. ADAMS' DISCOURSE. THE PERILS OF EXTRIUEB.Rev. Dr. .\DaiiB preached to his Church, Madison-!;prey we aa bierease in the rigor of religious principles and in- around toem, eitocr party will be any nearer to their ble. 1 seem to myself to be under toe power of a have not overgrown and aristocrat c wealto, we have stitatian*. professed objects, and especially that object which strange enchantment, to which I am forced to speak nototog which deserves the naate of poverty. And ifsll parties pause, and casting aside ail mere party square, yesterday, from toe following textaccumulation—, for toe totroduction of atheistical political placed under this necessity letus poputloaetiwoonrd changeand have prairicEwithpalbenutnyd,ance valletyos eaoagav.ost good or the most evil to all concerned, all things who is the Lord ? or lest I tie poor and steal, and tak-j thsmost expansion of the toventive faculties, and anIllimitable variety of methods which to earn an bytyrriom and for which other natrons are nowanrl telling with intensest hope. And if wa are nsotrwivdinsg-to bethe result of ourverse abase of God's mercies, our narrowness of view fundamental prtoclple or the present expediency of mother is worto more than a ofhonest Uvtog. A studious lawyer, a learnedon eitherand our disregard of the Divine laws of duty. More of Slavery Itfeif, It must be remembered toat thatfor theseto make toem. I would be ful—I would trust in Gcd—but hope and trust mustare counted as food luckyIn, noThese things hath God done for us; not man, rtot boto parties profess to regard as chief, tite wetl-being^ of a language and give room to tooughts toat are ab- there are any among us who douot wtielhcr we, as a Now just tois is the description ef oar social state. ple ? All the substantial blesstogs of life are ours.and that they are to we can easily see, when we recall former years during which, although labor, industry and opportuni- ty were the same, our harvesis were blighted, diseases over the people, and other adveralties turned joy into mourning. But it is only, when we compare what God has done for him, and aMn has done for himself, 'between the be- nl(n movements of God's government, and the wild and blundering management of man, we all feel how much gratitude we owe to God, and hew llwe to maa. It is indeed the chief of our per- manent reasons (or gratitude, that God is on the tkione; otherwise we should have ten thousandonly justify myself upon toe ground of a conviction toat notoinc tral, hinging question, on which all collateral ques- can save us but the undeserved mercy of God, i^ndw«oarsclTes. Theyareheaven-Eent;lo work, and saving painful exceptions, work is suf-human activity, this exertion has been to fii.d within ail these degrees of latitude and longi-tutie athe siave, wtdch either seeks to Its own partyhorrent to tomost soul. And I can myThere is work for all enough—all are require!With ample opportunities for exertion to all the da-way. This, it seems to me, is a primary question—a cen-peep e, have occasion to tie thankful, even amid judg- ments which our own sins and follies have provoked,;delighted hstening disciples;mense as to ours, and where tois is by suchsighs alternate, loKd if there be a time to laugh there may be. Hence the commotion—and the resoluto but these few words assigned a place among inapired penury and meakness have a rotation in office, by popular elections, itie.T%is a time to moum. 'purpose of that portion of oiu countrymen who hold have reached toe aphorismsjewels of truto, honor, patience,frequentand and is no kind of genteel Idleness from which we liave moreto the standard ofof;1-/. 1 11 tor; cherubim, shine forth. Before:laughedfeed the world. And to the midst of all tois wevanity stock,fortune of toe onebeen found embeddedback of Aries, Leo, or Taurus, wito toy faults,who mock when they should be sober, and with a pre- tempt to weigh to exact seales toe oomparative shares not to fasten toy imperfectloju on tlie start, aad so la aaotbar case, " It ia hard for a man to keep brow Is knit with care, and soiled with dirt, aad her folly is set to great dignity. Servants may be npontheir causes for sorrow. The trlflerspoveriy. Districts remarkable for penury, are equallywlBiiom is more than the edge to toe axe, or muselaateUgfatoftense of eheeriulness and courage, persist ia crying "Peace, peace," although they are approaching evil, aheat to knock at their ddioa, and cry out ^' There ia! I evenwhich this, that, or the otoer party, tUa, that, or the a otoer policy has bad ia produoag tha preaent emhar- detpariagly ooooaiTe toyaelf oader a tetality of beingto the arm. It is often seen in humble wUla " places,And If it be a sin, or even a wcaliness to be soiaetimes to great heaviness, then He must accuse the noblesteven such as llie great and bra.i! Taui, of giv-it hard to --say which of toe remnants is most injuredand most useless. Our temple was put togetoer bycunning workmen, who labored at It night and day, Olid on toe one"ce tuid wrath ace. With a sort of cteative tint, he says, Let it be carved wood which was reared by more than mortalspiiils,lag way to an infirmity. Instead of tliis,andyet slowly , caatiousiy,hand,and discontentandanand whencomplete, mylordnirnioiii 5. our sainred rinr^catJiOS are ut turning uponwe believe that their grief *as their glory, not their hhame.dition which exposesexhalation,"ea them as we layminence and greatness of the danger, we cannot tured, then will those who now enjoy its c^nefits, ig-exclude painful solicitudes from mingling with our nurantlyty tor tills slate of totogsdeprecate toeat-rasameala. Can either sectioa (uaimtoba fraefroiaevlL Caleoiatethyaelfwithin aeak not ,thyaelflightcrowdod ualetealBy axis ftaaatte.ticiaiiaMM.- Xbereligion, we have in tb* worid.work is the baat earto." T^s wiidoai which U profitatde to fcaat ia we believe to the beait aad goad aaaaa af.-lk^•etewlyTemple, should toe madneaa of men aadenilae Hibe feifotten iiiat each aad every ooadUkoB to lifeeasy.while toe oxen Uefor ourselves and our children Is the very luxury of from angry words, and taunts and vitoperattoru,uf fraternal interest;of necessity.planntog. Longbefore the first stone is laid, tie hasears,told tjs-,vhritwork thou didst In their days, in the timeswhile we devoutly bring our tributary tliank-oa'eringto a bountiful God, we will not thiiik Uiose ofiTi-rings ed to any machinery made by human hands, and in- tage by assi^ntog us that condition of mediocrityloctii in its imperfectionsstudied outIt is lo be observerl, are seldom feared. We Invpsttd every apartment withjla wcaitli of dome.stic of old." Millions of aratefui people tlus day enoom-workingsdiminished in value by the tears which drop volving toe complex and varymg conditions of human whiclito the opposite extreme are the perils of the rich.every converuence,interests, yet has it developed a power of aJjustmont which has made it toe wonder of some, toe envy ofdesciibef Western nation.and readily would venture upon the encounter seek repose, when wearyter's hail and rato beatbig upon the roof whi.'h gives pos;-crfs-ons which thy right hand has given,happyas if meant bcnsuality theypriderobbery and murder. Well may we deprecate a con- part of the lordly proprietor, the"labric hugeIt wo'jld seem that, onthis very day of aadontit to endure torough all time. It was the dishonesty on the otoer.both conducive to evils;urconcealed murmurings, Impatleripening quick rije."were to be consider how much Heaven has consulted our advan- expect-and has imaginationapartexpress purposeus as toecomponent partsthy altars,thy goodness,Implorepoverty, being while he asks for hiuLself toeIhe injutlice trf Providence, and toese break forth into kto.rrmedium, which is alike removed from;to toe hitler fruit of dishonesty, fraud, built," aad It is built "With no fur'Jier cr>re on the skill.words will wl'i such either pass for nothing, or be regarded as injurious.ance, and under my responsibility to a higher judg- laent-Eeat, speak according to the li;jJit I have.try, accompanied by God of look down from rtous damage to the great and universal interests inipirfect mtocs, toese must always be in danger of has toe means of gratifying tils wants, be it is true, that toe extremely rich stand on They have just purchased toat comfortable coal tum,we beseech Thec,U hosts;gerated, myfor bimsell a ment, warmth and shelterof food and rai- wnile, to other phases ofgry, clothingto toe naked, but knowledge to toe igno-'ii^on room before it and didst cause it preparedtages;but tne Eober and discreet, who are better readsecuringsufficiency ;liberal toe means ol all- arts,Il ;to lake root—and it filled toe larid. The hills werein toe of and history governmentsrevolutions,wiiirant, the suppori of toeness of ? royal palacesour Constitutlcnal Union as a1 must thi ow myself upon their candor tind forbear- —precious for toe good it secures, and precious .on forts and many luxuries, and yet fail short of the Still further to guard tois part of our subject from per- City, I have detected myself iu toe natioiud habit of like toe goodly cedars. She sent o'jt her booghsI feel, in truth, Utile appruhension of doing any so-itIS in human hands.moved not to toe estate. He is a rich man who manity, toat ever blessed toe world, have been Imperfect hands, by in the mansions of toe opulent. Nevertocless,toeir son and daughter. waste it not the wild beatU of the fiel.l devour it Ra-iu.^which are at stake, because it is my purpose to take mi^iiUiderstanding and mismanaging their rights andand toe virtuos for the one, and that nice muff for toe otoer, upon Hca\ en and behold and visit this vine and toe rinoyaidmy position upon those peacefui"principles of religion which are universally admitted and admired, howeverdnuotiecsr,imotvoeartsetroarinriencgribmoitnha.te.Is iLtentotuso—annodwtnVls Lisettuoso bleperilous piimacle,and the braroehthat dso will we sot go quicken us and we will call uponregardprecious deposit,and work- the standard of judgment is to toe mtod, and specimens of meekness, condescension aad hu- itsWalkingso easilv as toey pass. Here is a her hedges, pass by wayfrom toe coun- shall her. Let not toe lioar oat of the wood pluckaccount of toe evils it hacontinue to pray to toe last, Esio perpttaa."j "averted, But is, after all, a human structure,recognizedplato and most wortoy couplecalltotoe audcon- abdsecurities crift of my remarks— toiaperate;certifylittle they be put in practice. It is fitting for tha mes- ciliatory spirit of Christian love, toils various forms greed outgrows his ability to supply it.The ground of boundless notoing just pated the need of it, wondered whether they could Thy name. Turn us apain, O Lord God o( hosts, aadsociety,posscsbiontheyfew or or many, greatamall,highest which hand hathhou mTarhlyesrtigshtrong for thpyslealnfte:totoe whose whenone's tent is pitched on the enchanted cency. ThatpurchasehaTshose havemanntiyci- backfromThee largest tovestments, aniuence. I have domeslic conversation. patents;while be- lle>,- tiiat temperate zone, toat table-land of happy mediocrity, which requirespoverty, real, ptociltog, pintog poverty;portableWho can doubt toat extreme aflluence.—andtill our real neceasities, aseiuobirs one to perilous,temrtations has itbeen One would like to re- kept.to tell of the Immensity or toetotel- leclual, social ano leligloui ^ings, are honestly and honorably supplied. The lepri^sy ofa most miser ihlesaidWnowho. toflatcd with wealth, rsgarilsof all com-legisla- now to say of care increastog with riches, andsengers of God, in all times, to reecho the song of of humility, for our own faults, and foibearance and tion of God, accordingly, in reference to tois subject, which so deranges and distracts toe mind. Tnat en- accomplish it, denied themselves a little here and cause toy face to shtoe, and we shall besaved."angelavihich heralded the coining of the Prince of patience toward toe faults of others. Let us amend to as means are multi- there, and now, to obtaining their wish, they have Peace, and especially now should they suive to make what is wrong, yield what is uon-es.-,entldl to priaui- addresses toe heart, teachtog us to moderate and con- joyment is limited proportion wito what it purchased a pleasure for toemselves for toe wholeAmen and .^men.season, of whiirh toe millionaire never dreamed when nothingofthatcommonexperience satiety chil-they will refuse to hear, our obligation remains pel, and wc would plead wito ail parties to toe pres- every of Nature and toe skill of art dren. If there be such a eratlncatioii In exporvltogit iing as loudly as they can through the din of ple, and courageo'j.sly confess error where enor has trol desire, so brmgingtoe couditlons of contentment, plied;contention. 'Whether men will hear, or whether been committed. This Is the gentle spirit of toe Gos- and gratitude, and peace withto the reach of aU. of sense, ennui, weaiiness and dUjjUstuf life, dispatchtog an order to a draper for Ids lastMiousthe same, to .study the interests of Truth and ent alienation and strife, to remember toat this spirit Though this be true, boto scripture and observation, out-llvliig toe simplicity have for one's .'•elland if they shouldto be Irreconcilable, then to leave it to mai^icians, to hope toat by theii aad pn;t-d lo appreciate toe biefcM.duebS oi such a condi- pniud to ttic disdain law but the of mon pelf, or .as the unmissed (hmation of the opulent he were not given to applyingba not essentially Irreconcilable;!aged parent to pieces and put him ii-to toe ketilu ofprovethe parties to work out, each upon their own (ground, -vvUd incantations toey may regenerate tlft paternal tion lor ourselves and our children. duluent. knowisngnut true that naiional opulence it is toe C'Oinage of love. 'and God's biessto^ Is with It reliition to life, as an orator hetheir separato convictions. Persuasion not force, rea- con-litJon and renovate their fathers lire."A traveler from the United States, visiting the Old pleasure. 11 been foUiwed natoiaal wherever it goes. That condition of life which aflbrrls fii^ a subic ct as the Day and Year afforded.We believe toat a little reflection wiil convtoce any toteillgent mtod, that all ass-umptiou oi iiifaUibiiity on it is the will of God that it shall govern corporaUons either side, in ca-,e5 where complex interests and du- ofoien.asweU as individuals. In their dealings with ties are concerned, is far more liliely to widen toan to— tion."; have beento which feudal in;.titu- nas, aimo.«l invariably, boyf nior.Us,son not intimidation, gentle words not scornful taunt, is the method of the Gospel, and much as it is ignored,Woridtoose longestI.O place for self-denial robs life of toe noblest virtus.AmAlter un chant openingthe choir, the reading ofcontrol In families, in associations, in natianal life, it chaiuctcr of conscientious oblig.itlons, but men arswinter stoims; here, immense drifts of 6nov\-,a!id lecessary corrsctiuveuntccuse,. wljch rutoed the -•uccessive there toe giuu:id cnlireiy bare. The laws of primo- Ly self-prtservingpreservationwhile toe opposite extreme of aliiiionceand hearty prayer of thanksgiving and praise, Mr.BiHCLtB, as follows, to deliver his proceeded,ifcui. HjKi the for each man to anotoer's conscivnce, as well petui'.y of i-n aritl.'M.rati'jal order. Here is an esiate,appomted expectations or alleged injustice in the dlj- ii..ris. v^c ha\e great of thooe in humble lifeThewords ofBERUON.text are taken from the I7rh an.tconinio'.lon« which can be tracad upon reppoi-tscioll of hibtory In lites of blood, will be always as to matotam his own, wito a profound sense of extending fiv, ,ten, or thirty miles, including firms,cies. "becouEc cvcrythiigaround us stimulates tiie families; while the aflVctlonsthe L'ials whichmy tocivthchai'lerofand leaJ »»foend in '.^1L uae or and his. mure of these passionsAnd to cases villatie.s, cr.uic^ies, towns, toe property cf a sinyic lirrt'for possc^-sion.toought,In toe increase of share in common.Those who are alhed, notbut Uie common necea^ity of exer-puisonous^veeds no capacitythis, especially;uf ancient emfjiie, and prostrated toe glory geniture, by whic h propeity is accumuliited and tia- tji.a^ties t.ilorc Ihc lusiy strengtoof barbaric ai-makes one both of love and hate. Dls- independentespeciallyparts lujimpatience oi restraint, corruptionbyU;e Ilir,hiltto Psalm, toe singingury,entailed is patofully struck ettindnacy ol manner*,—;•yes of the "od. froui the fact that which case there can be but one course.) but a ques- ha.^ ilone her ntinost todtllghi tlie eye, rises tne bar-j- rr.irnvagance each other's Fuccess. The self-denying effort which Prcr.h'!t Esais. Andwh-nh- had oP'-r.e'Jfcein-s,,.rc-inji for acqulfition is su intense that it giveslhey»lKi.y«.-ijp.M,r,.ligi„u,,,,,;„.,i,.i , .^ prerog- tion tovoivlng many consiJeraiiona of huniAnity and nirtl hall or castle, c.ivermi?, with itb variou-^ uloices, I'hi' patJ^ioii it ir-Ove, nght, liKtrty, an-lo.;., r i.i;ole about which toTe be JiJercncot of son.e acre or two of ground. Sual^ tocalculajlc have an expression, fiir themand ctdiJren observing with what antoitf. But i-DC^ the laci ».« ir.i. i, .^ui^t humaneven amoag lateUl^ent au; honest men. bien cxpende-I in rearing an! ornajncntiug it. With-whe'dierto a numl- amoui.t ol teiHler care th.ry are ciotoed and educated, politicaldliierencobLave;il-,>ays;j,cMl ..rirln, th-,.ton on.- sic- or or l!,., ^..^er, ^T^.-J uiilcU ofU:ner uafor pi-M-e. This is in, thewalls aredecoi;it<-d wiUi costliest a.tgivet'> repay the act with laorc tiian ordi-walk ah'iig£l0yth, 60B;e violMUun of -..-.claw of Love, which U \hc U» of Ju.^jc=. wiiilh i, ^1i.lacerreni ai.d along the very edge uf tne gutt'rr, as li, intbe contending Interestji ol SuteB—prov,;diJresbrdcd with propri'-ty and Irnpmmyreverences truth ar jus-lio.-, love or mercy, wiil much. No, the diftcul:y lits not iu the ieais; of u., excellence and fitness of tJio principles of Go-l's law- ns they are intfrprctci by (Jod's Gospel, bat lath'.- ai-v^Iras 'rrinciplehtavt'n. lor e'en iu heaven hlM I j.->k* :i':d :U..ri^lit3where he had been brought That our Savtour choeef'.li 'he I.aw«, iCi- P.'ialm'!, anl the Prophets, ,•plication of thoite prhiclples. The most difii-n.helpOer.tw-ls ih'-utl Thiswascates for adjustment, ajo those dlliorences in Ine fij.-t- e-,:iTii;or l'.iion, as totbiir' meri.orahle.i-hri^tor i-u'onr-.huttoeprox/r.«st judynjents of men, which assume the si^-rcd ca:^- II' 1-. I'M'it .:'i, ,» jcec, i'j oar case, soeisan-p,.;tc>of afllu'.i.ce.acter of consclenttous obligations, arising under alaw confessedly higher thdn any mere Lntsrests an-1enactments of men. It is In speaking of the^e pro-fessedly conscientious differences that we incur tn«I!iT.;-:in.-t blc-sed of all earihlv;iloment^-;;danger of yielding an inalienable and unt^hongA^.e''ecvlli-, imr;l3n«at 'crcecd tliei-a:go;luilja, »...: ironh-nxllr i 1'Ir-'Vtmay not te e i^y lo dcfori., '.lie conJilion haracterofpeop'cs. Ifpeacebreathed*ori;,;f«r Ihelr prl- ezijetiiency, mayilie i-arriat'*-' of toe person. Advertisers, wlshm-; to love,L^v, ul ». OoJ,.b f,b'cunsdence. This is the basisof toosecompromisesayes;law of Order and Peace —or dot- t-.e kiL--tthis grand Law, though b.adinj on iniii-i,.u»ls Is"', a ch ;r.)-t,hTMx Wiil.out and aroL'ai jje t,c truunJs wh.cb li:r ( ity. wors^ppers..^-;'r:;r:-":i:inr,.i-',rk:ilact-'Iiit often regardt-d as an tmpracucakic aroittr bimeoniit.riMj, in thne flamiuly, tlboo boums;i^n;e.a^ w"»o,.n.J..,btinwhom MiLToN has ininiortalized In his epic ' U.iminoD. tLf leaEt ertrt.. J stJirit that fellil i-y thirirtumof those who have beenfi.rt sermon which :"::<' "g upon his public mtoistry—or, on the other Land, of h-iving tohinted that itopinion f.ev im- ITiis too Is atoe g^e.lU'^' publicity,argument or il.e sale ol their wares, hav c ascertaineda ma, No uue wh.,from God la the which will make the .v/aym at Nu;arot;i, .i.n;,-.:><jto a>k iV.r opcringsi-'i "i-.Virt .ilways u'.w.iwardsmdaty or lightsaintain that duty and that right at the cost even ufviolerceandblood. Nodoubt,occasionsha^.-*somr- Intnl.ni.'itimes occurred for making tins terrible choice- beiwoeocow ardly submietlcin and uncomproait.-inK rs.-iFUiucfto inJMElice. But even in these cases, it silU remains rii)ie.-iii :ir ^..s;•<,'i of I',.;, .. ||;,; '. .'ti th-t'troe, that if tlie divine spirit and laws of Christ hil land cacr.-U I've ij :i u:u'.) been ok)fier red by both sidus, the choice either would their cvn;: c:!i'Iset have been ne. essary, or would have been greatly ameliaiated in respect to its worst fcattires..•;. ; -.cermr> of Ci'.r. .firtji Ijnhr ? Wiilio.jt be";), i-i.n, -y ^ '—'-.:!.- .'.'- in Winter, b'.ac't a:;.! 'our. r.n.l .r.I am 4nlte aware that I utter truisms. But what ii.'w.r, wi-l. ir....an.l severity, lL:jj furely no co'intry on th<- ,.a'h h.i" so ni-;;-ri x"-*^%''" Hi.t •houahtae.-e be warrr .mX ;-jo>jni of warSj ' ""-•" "th"esayrisjlvariTl.r U;ii cujrlit dii .ne or Loly else enjoyed i:; viek-n L.i'.liSc.";'l!oriicult«:c, withre.n'a'lv ii-nim..i jofIkU i : :..i,i.. -^i.irij ,exotic t-dla.,fruit; and fiovvtii-s is l.c;«Mves'i;:' n: f."Uii:irt;i,o'n,;< .•''^ngorhe fullillnientpowerful of lures, and Ftaliifs. ;iiid b-joks, tne boliesis of uiiiiononcction. SoItlire nilldle course of lifa—as ten thousandtoe necessary limltotion of what are ci;lo:l maf.erswhile golci and siivcr and uiie.-lries ol Unitthe bestfor ixir.ling them is upon toepave-Is, toat toose whoand without which no one of concessions,the luimauheitallary yulue dizzie Lie un;irjct:ced we were ah t^e ani followers of i ye.It altered all over toe land,dwelUniLS weioomtog to-„ Ihc.-ewi'rds.rerclie for toeir and meaning,nnd toe Statogenerallyroir.I -.1.1 «I": -..'I. ij;i-aldu-.i p-.'.i •i..,'rtli.-M> all pn.'iicsfroin ol 'ft. IAret>r '\/.",;11,""'""''•,.,;„, ::i-:,,!r:ji;. wl.,-iji _*"'preservetothe.Sabbatotwlis Still around her steps are seen.not the In-vs,^^ notPia..TiUii '.t n, ^* : 1 '.iiMi (crliln?--.I''!. ;'.-,'tr^: i' Ismrsanak^-meis,:1•••bnvc alrea'.y wh-it is intiuded by t.i « n ippy riie- fin. v,ilhi.'K-lB.'onwc shall no: rlray f.ir fi.-rn tl..- bo'-ndarie'iitt'ie i-.inl -.v.inr. *.)i..the fireSorrow smiling IJiro' her tears. And conscioub of Ihe past eaiiKoy Memory,bisom-springofjoy.r.i,i> (:•!1iir n:f. v ,,..:,,- ,1 ,fromthisis the poor as .-.ooDotto ejjoiii ul-.i. t .rHot, should i-'ii-K l.ti frf.is he lb b.ri, aiiJ holdi,"A soui'ds plcisaitly in ver.^c ai. 1it Ipi.rii.nlii. r-rii*. r.-haps,,..':.,Viiiil-..);*- i.i.;( ;.'v; ., t.........;:!..of u tourist, and within rnariy gfor ctcn-v. i^ ricii eno'.igh In al: r-rl' •an'l:a ihlM'Ur simple but br autiful Na'.lon.a '''?'",'"" jf '.hf i,r .i.-le are ignorr.ir;. t'lcir capacitiesmen'>,wli:.-i'Ij-.1n,.,v ,:.small to walk terola-.nio>t'fMvoral>:e'the 'fe't sn.lListeningin ':•,':, :i«- 111,:, f,up-'n-. i -.z"'-'ilI1- -tf ir !• '-It ronn rot:agi" in a rural.. 1i.nd every, , aj i-d fir himself, as most safe and n.ct h-Wy. '•'">• i, ,f"I-''- "s a n,-,r.-or-war upon tranquil.,;hor-cs_-.ini wincli foi ,->•: aiuxur:i:Ia«- c.'nifort ;..i-is'"" " thin kr> in. -> t.i G-.>d tliat the f ii^jr ro 'IS v.-it'Jn t'l.- -c coo :!j- limitatro i^,Spotlesskings,coald be carried on for a !l-«le rejoice f;i U.e Jtrfcct cultivation of hunliLXlswait to.- ol'vi-ars. The n^i^^s grow s on ;hc (:u;.> j:!i lawn as ir I -rru of taLU blade ki.fA tlic * ::tt.*t mcas-jjt ol Lue veKe; U-.vt-w —will ill li-t lifybe foundcornettio happlriesi.*- •- „r ,.„.,,rcmitosb-Jt^j ..^_o ,^ ,,,^pj.i^ ,n quj.--tionto- of h.> mls- of naUonal-tLinirt ..; [,.-,if woi.ii th-th'igiving rl!'''-_?°'tcalls upon men toor loveand aud sy mpntnyTell ine on whatM.iy domestic peace be found Ilalcyon daughter of the skies Far, on fearful wing she flies. From the pomp of sceptered stoic. From the rebel'.' noisy hate.to t.ne fatal arbiter,/''ti', ;;.rn. n'j Ch'l^Uaa pto'.csmanship left to rtit,;.sprthdlnj- topsin ;il! kli.Jsol j-c.Jtcctuie—givt-« aitn aud rtositnificiicy. And when we oon-become aU the more-'.a.;., while ait'C iaieii>l,..n.-r .itfrom frea' poverty anO great richei, h' virt.re, mosi cm luiveto haj plnc»«,In a humble home she dwellstider<.riii.[!.ire the copie.'; wl.icji uitare..^ol ,,ur c.vxi u- lU. .:.alth.-i onlentB,., f^ jj, j,,,jj aroundi'-*;.ill to conil.li'in.tUcy canielo save th- world,..j,'jic ruid picturesque is it)l.inla-rceapacs, i-. ,- l.-e. irireil 11 il! life wahdlrqriniatieUi'iy;..l.Js rii.d d-'vcof thft ue.-essity toe B.':isia r.iin,.ill boa r of feuLal La;k' —wr.ose massive uar.ks and w.^le-adtcirini;—separa- •-. iin attitude toat ';iake»evil- L'lis l.is iliver>;t;e< and gra la- manyorr. •!Kemotc wbicU 67:l^p^"o'ci all toe world, mi everylaw was"--Si-i-t:-iu..ii ...i: al-ircrcy tne |,i3.-,-• r. Die o.',.1, CI -fir;:.cotuije.-:<t-.!ac* ,: , xnl - .l.-r a.'.!.-' .if fiern ^u diis-1 have'-h. -en !h..- W.ir-J ,i -iV^-..iii.cil I.aims mean i-ldnese foct, crai'ii..dno ,,-i ,n 0-..1 tc.lil.liirt«i""! liri. r.ekt can I do; unices 1 should attempt to sift the actual are rrt.-lrcil to a.J.-j.t ;-<- itiu.'.y a- »,..i -...r,. .' I' . ; . .-. ... 1'. ;ip. I.- ..^'i.ni-.Irl.pv ;:i. rl.euma'.ir iiml* \v::..liry,Ti-.vUAS ilOQD has rou- i,.l toanki^gUlug to Gi>J ae our o-- 1 rep«nti3 ir.t,-r,.,,, .:,--, 1' ,V.J'' a lOrrrrtioderel- at.' s.-.r.lid, and their morals,-« ,'.e Surnmtr travr ier ^.,..1 r .ni. rV^ir i-f..-,i.i, il irio-;--.'.re nn the po Miy('.nee.„,' meeitraoxrir try acknowlodgmc.... ili,.;, r,(,H.r ar1.."l.i.nd.t., ,rd.il' -i ii-.i i;>.tooupon.„'ie,..i \- .t•.ure. Mllcb of pirKs arc ^ku, niu.>l btai.'.if.il •jr. ri- li.."- of ln'ii'.' n"3 ravcmcnt, troJd.'n got Il;alurnl grow-tni—v ilh tieer-, witi; tne.ro,'iht '"l- vrterrr.g upon—his misfioli theseir; rlegar'-f. peasanirv.i.mbill jr. o' an anotkfr eit-eme. .\nIxive,ofnleasing years.!o i;siiLii ca.-Cado:- «:e culled intocairlc-drivcibLl:e suninionsir, si'ck abunCai.celakes .vi 1 .ery anltrriis re;.ji,:enrfolioiui I'urb'etndhapjiyheritt-'^-v.- 'ii c.'n>air=. Hut, to iniiiiy pans,'., 1 tl,'c.-r.'iLii -.ctiion.for h.iUdav, II :in-' occasionrejeJclBg1.,.„ d'.=>'d>»e ajrnitl'.e kppropriatcnt'ss ot l^" ., '^,^*'v„ '»""•.Winter an ;l:e nboles of hcartr^'iniingi.nd whichthcxcr'.i.an.u 1tnh day in toe calendar is known in oiher'.c .".f .1 wl h .-^'riiir.s t'-'C *yei.t..r..a..onlmnry, lieliverancc ,r,novevmriou.ii.)nnd ,-.uiirh v<"t n " »nhonor's meeker mienor rulers, ;,.., i-l.l.el-rokedJyn.i^'.les, 'JBovemmentv,1Sum'ner.a"-.he-.BUv-s-s. Tcoi.ipcn.-iiresi'...prompt;!ic-will benary griiillu'ie andoriM f;pro-the benefit of unotoer? Gilts whichUntitled Documentlike.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069the belpless;only; feeds on" Oh, Godit is no recrioaiaationa Bureiy with cotailmse ofufr hurling to;that bread sbouid be so dear And flesh and blood so cheap !"culture,the tooroughfares of toe covered with its shadows, and its boughs thereof were along unto'.coiae with the load of lit avy penury that toeir very bodiesBreak iato bisTo steaktoe plato so rtohOr leave toe yeoman that had a pnraa To welter to a dHch.Wherever Nature needs,'Wherever LaborNo job I'll shirk, of the hardest woik. Toshuntoewon-housewalls.My only claim is thia,WUh labor sUff and stark.By lawful turn my living to earn, Between ttie light aad dark.occupation would insphe would to the most promptvfgorous endeavors to retato and what perpetnateHeaven has so signally conferred. Is it ae, that to our impatteBCC and togratitode we. have aetaaHy despised toe farors which are our gtoriooa tdrth- right f A pleasant reflection it is wito;;is the toat Is to such a case— people; waretoatnodevils' bridges bouses,garb, to the overthrow of our social organization. Theacqulrirg hap- First, to consider howjudging''Ivnl tmg of «ercy owt of judgnunt," control, and that it Is so recognized by the Constitu- of remarkable endowments. fortu- are rich above their fellows will not be wanting on finer organ, toe brato, knows no such ready suspen- much v. c have more toan we need and more thaawain toethemselves aggrieved by such a policy, to take toe solu- Insect to a swarm, which a drop of amber has em- mlie of the most abject poverty. The lllv which floats to apprehend than that which makes politics a pro- and honor."Union whose terms of compact they affirm havet>eenshall fall totoit,impcrishabiy.from toe revolvtog poorer than we know, whose hands are wheel. The great Dr. Pars, betog asked on one oc-repeatedly and in various ways broken. Aftor long ter was toe object of chief concern and outward any casion, a yuuDs mau who wished to draw him into pent shall bite him." "Whoso removetostonea shall bohard as horn—waose hearu are meek and gentle by —"tions;after vehement threatentogs on the one side,does;rience or conception, would not tamper wito a dis- honest for toe wealto of toe world, whoif toe iron be and ha blunt;conditions were to be by toeir tendency to as a child regarded;"treated with unlwlief of their sincerityaffect this favorably or unfavorably. Characterin hi s opinion ,we could have along very well with- gotstrength: but wisdom is profitable to direct" ''Tliado not whet toe then mnst be to mora edge, putwords of a wise man's mouth are gracious, but the lipscontemptuous ;many temperatethough want wito a brave heart te the last fight agatost veryoutit" Politics to allbelong good patriotsflicting views and interests, we have now reached a ourcourse, :of a fool will swallow up hirasclf.The begiimlBg ofand stars denceandprosperity,andthat,too,atamomentwhen wereignorantofnecessitythe least of which is toe palsy of commercial confi-guilty;toere were not so who, too or maladroit to many lazytake care of themselves with their own byworktogI do not enter toto the details. I do not assume to settle tnc solemn question, where lies toe responsibili-disposed rigorwere somewrliat relaxed, and toat its sterimess were make Saturn, Mars and Venus of toy follies. Think remarkable fur violence and vice. As Cowlbt said, sometimes more toduigent of repose. Sometimes hergreat Englishdramatist has saidheavy at the gate of precarious charity to an tovisible and:knaves by compulsion and all toat we are evil to by a dlvtoe thrusttog on."the words of hishi^talk is mischievous madness," A foot alao issun, moonis of mouto, foolishness" acd toe end;;Almightyfriendtosootlieand thesoulatlast. glorifywearteto every one of them, because hcknoweth not how to go;snd he that cleaveto wood shall badepend uponprore to judge otherwise. As toat shrewd observer, —trampling on toe sharp tooms In toeir pato wito abutthese, personal and oftentimes we are inclined to think toe;;nor statistics that crime wraits on toe footsteps of ^ove;suffeiliigsthanks, that only shoves what an unhappy effect has alrearly beenUie struggle i^ wnetnerhe has so skillfully depleted toeimon tralh aadto too to a battl^' Tha •araeat-psSa of .a-gir^at aad day graUtode,It ia true Hat adversities may be and oaght to beaenverted into occasions for benefiting us, but in or- founcatiuns. The very toought,to one who knows what and if we are wise we shall be most toankfiil for that and once, not having before his eye the fear of Mr, pleasure. To be able, wito God's blessing, to provide toeir cuds. And the first law- of wisdom is to ceasathe breakii^g of any (Constitution of any State, however der that tfiey may be so employed, it is necessary that is wito well-founded alarms. Wnatwhich is most favorable to virtue and Maltucs, or Mr. McCullocou, or any other political Hie— This is better than to which are mischievous madiie.?s. What bet'er oocu-faulty, fraughtshould not be ignored, or their real nature and must it be when toe convuislon3>of revolution comeconjunction,he had theto and how personal independence.tteymeaning trifled with. The truest wisdom an 1 cour- upon a lend so related in it-s parts, so homogeneous The prayer of Agur, which I have chosen for toein its mterests as ours ? Like umtjcis tield togetli^irhas its own tendencies or influences for good or evil,tliRt he has a tight, like otoers, to lire on toe earth;To enjoy toe fruits of our own Industry Is toe richesthappiness.for want of food, w hen a little taken from the There is an invisible wcnlth In possesrrion ac/iulreJ lecounting our national mercies, and considering whatstarving by personal to'lustry and economy which c.uiiiot be a pit nnu ruin are before us, if we should do violence. weahh of the affluent would minister suchis that vnhich fears a real danger, but, at the sametime, coDfrtnts it, and seeks to aveitor profit by it. without H and a Inictuie, which will make tremes of great wealto and severe as substantial relief. Then musings an affluent nobleman or a that be wiiieiect a pal- the ho.if es wlrich our fathers planted, ami cleave theagewith clinched nai!r, nu scp^Lrutiun can be etlccied present occasion, deprecates wrencini:gfor himself toe tw-o ex-superfiuous come wrild about computed by tlicnumeiation tabic. The fancystrikei In worl or toought, to Coostitutionai Isw, and lireaksteady eaa;tranaitlOB fron ahaolute aliLBMBj to entu, Ti yjKjaudacitycan he tee wife and child shivering with coidtandeconomist,;exposedcan,toe very condlti-vn of socialand honest remuneration;spoiled Indifrerenttothelrgreatestblesstogswho la voice imperative aad harahbut let me say it on this horses and piinces may walk as senanta ima thaAa rskespade A1a hoe or a bill !A pickaxe,nook to reap, or a scyt— A flail, or what will1 shouldspeakwith reference to ereata specialyou And here's a ready handincur horizon, endearortogmeAbo thtn you need not feardealing juniper, ezaspeiataAye. only givework,butIf, atthisvery momentthiswholena-Nor orNo parish money,for loaf,A sopnauOpfetrobeadges me, of toil soil, by rightBatitled to my fee.awnhdich we have freedom and protec- peace, as a matter of ooonetofusplred picture national;;arc strong to labor. 'There is noalways of thatneztto!'^ ftimiTdia^df aidr posressien that^a iV* tbatjtSHTbm In vtmmmwam ytnittoppars.of toeSiurt,"amongus who,bydisappointment or ^2spoilsand whoso breaketh a a ear- hedgecommon people.The poorest nan feels that Ik Is a nan, aad uitn-tanud is llie <i'jallty whioh gives It Its chief raliia. may dng i-nost noisily, filling the air with their aates :hetomow,ofto vacate these fields, which toe Lord has ficiently rewarded, we hear sometimes slang phrases most Pbuirdantly compensated. It would be difflenltblersed, and exchange places wph the peasantry of to regard to toe " laboring class," when, to truto, weWe have ail food and raiment, and comfortable homes inequalities of social eondition will always exist, he only was a workman who employs the muscles of and schools, and churches, civil and religious liberty, 'We have no faith to theories wUch are wiser toan toe arm and the back. Where estates are not entailed an open lilble and an unfettered Gosjiel. The yearI^ovldence or better toan the Bible. We do not look anyin one itoe of toe whole ishas, Indecil, been crowned with and ourlook in toe face the vast difficultieswhich havealready arisen, and the still more perilous complica- not before idle remove far from me and lies; mon from which each is to draw toe same man who employs his brain, as much as ulous. ajigry and untoankfut We are In actual poa-tions which may yet arise, as soon as toe bond of g^le me muhtr poverty nor rushes; feed me wito food amount of rations—a state to which toere will be no he who yields a sledge, or plies a spade. In sessiun ol that w hich has cost the heroes and patriots ofUnion is snapped. WxU iuch a revolution be for tk§ convenient for me, lest I be full and deny thee, aud say, supeiiority to occasion pride, and no inferiority such a state of society we should expect toe ut- other times whole lives of suffertog and deaths of mar-as to toequestion doesnot belong to tne debatable potots nowati>6ue; for, to fa:;t, toe great mass of our citizensreasons for sorrow-is to be found in every year's ex- acknowledge that it is a matter for separate Stato from the words she tongbt toem,miist have been a poor we expect to have always wito us, and toose w ho toat sleep Is sweet; but be whose work is wito toat py contentment were twoper-ions may be entertatoedhand,toestimsbte blesdags, him the fruits thereof with joyful toanks.The Scotch have an old proverbpound clergy."posedungrateful:That an ouncephysician,tables. This word leor^ does not define too occupationas If;and we do well to be- a good teacher, a sagacious merchant, and, if I may then. Indeed, may we fear that Grxl will take awayof toem as if in toemselves voices of happy children, and watches all toe pleas- w-lil'ii were so often on the lips of our Many speak "were an evil, liuite toe contrary. Tney are a ant offices of olitiorful li-^ufe'-vifery. Tlien indu;;try fatircis. Give car, O Sbephertl of Israel. Thou, toat'.theyblessing, if rightly used. That surplus of p issesiionputs to her hand. Economy isTjrnught into pl.iy, and li:id!..i; Jo:-rph like a flockthat dweliest be-cociel aad so strews this life withdencies to indolence, vanity, self todulgcnceone beyond toe use of many virtues, andof a large dividend or legacy. Every coin of ittii..-!national opulence. people:17. Anriwants, is the ofpower under is his unn -all his own—earnr^d iinl 1one—and toey will common measurement of wealth. In fact, version, we must admit toat some of the rarest guesstog at the condition and tooughts of strangers, dthoewsnea, and her brsaoncthoaets ualnltowthhoe river. Brtehaek notambitious or hum- aand he is a poor man, even though ids title deeds of our nature are put to toe severest test, which boto are looking wbieteon stuoechthenmteireofcompla-a "1and the lust of wealto growing —REV. HENRY W.lRl) BEECHEll'S DISCOURSE. EEASONS f OR TIIA>"KSGlVINa.Thcr-.; is a fonn necessary to be need stereotypedat the beginntog of every report of public efort by Mr. BSSCHBB, viz.:"At an early hour toe house waa thronged by pa- tient thousaiids, waittog for toe service to commence. while himdreds had to leave or stay unaccommodatedindu-stry, exertion, play, puts mischief not less because he has to it day E and nights of work. Agatostphysical,.tgur,is not considered vulgarriches,"conveniences It wouldunnecessary—leet i be full Is the Lorddeny Thee,say,a'jdicnceand ?" Tlus is toeandthose are fixed factawhatever is honorably earned, who shall compute toe value of that which, Induslriously ac- quired, has been well husbanded and well spent for have no self-de- witn its ten- nial in them .o-iie half their worth. See toat smallfor of one one's self. But it has been saved for anotoer—an in- pohrltmr-a.ietlufreas abso digent jjarent, an unfortunate brotoer, a widowed sis-are to toatThink you not, toere is here like much that:1'hou hast brought a' viae out oi 'i'hou hast ci.it out the hea'hen andof God and manfull to wantonness, money for him who gives and him who receives. Call said by the emtoent dlvtoe, for all knew toat even iftoe level and square ofcould not omit so sfrlk-I atfaultwhenassertingthatthisconditionof from mediocrity is tlie proper domain of toe affections ? with the inequalities which eii.-it in toe condiiion of andactsnoenr.c"'diIt iwcralsuraot-i.o-nergrown wealth",rotwtitrtog toew Extreme penury produces insensibility as drowningofoneofthose Congregational hymns for which Piymouto Charch i-ne another. So far us it is not allowed its legltimita unite those diifertnce^s of judgment wtijch take tos diilcrtnt cl-4sses, lemindiiig him of^toe resul'.sof our tire to unredeemed and uncontroled men lose regard for others to the impulse of self- has Lecome famous, and the utterance of a forrentimplies great guilt somewhere—some blinding pas- apt to appt al to coiwciencc for toeir j'lsUScatlonslou, Fuuie pride, ambition, wounded vanity, revenge, but con?clence may^be w rong,for want of light, or.be-t-.4ai,or otlier lorm->f selfishness. The origto of the caase held to the grasp cf s'jme subtle pas>..ion. It is laile.l on one Ljie of descent, are tie support and per- of kiLEiiouis need to be reminded of these tenden- posal of estates have alianaled many opulentenervation of of toe race,and mtod,NationalanJ legisla- are more closely cemented bythey Itlth -.crsesof merelyLuke,;arrogance, Countnotthatascom- of all cunfol, and seif-in- not that unrighttous mammon.bodygrand;?.?M.'ih\w^»'boJ. said, to the nation.il features and a parent exptud.-^ on his children deepens his own loundtoe ph.ce where ;. »ki w_rj^-''i^^^ b-muse he hathi' tlien. such a Ihing as a w-i.-e pr. 'e- on c Inj;I, 1 i cie There an intenm ,11'ite suite, i.^:separated, dUtiagulsljsdIf 1 l.ave been Euccethfulinend w,i k i^ 'ew.i-ii 1. Sur-':> ris of ih-at condition of life which .\g"r -o wl'^oiy ,.;;;'v.d,rv.rnnioht rode among ar/., nn.;-u,iat(. w;". the 'alter ni ko i.alicr, to ^,1 tl.lt .)t3- self-eT.fti.>r..ra:^«rthan^o^or,becausev.-e ixcceeip'*v.he-nsomermont holy ground;and these and ask if you are tvilltog to make an exchange witomarrr, be fed passively by angels. pHtion can wisdom prescrfoe than tois very act ofto such "Give me liketemptations. chamberlato's order, or a banker's check, covers all a rcproachl'ul look, and honJing ovf r us with anxiousnut poveriy. Jest I steal and take the name of God tofruit of mutual comoromltes and adjust- It has seemed to ine a most fitting and pleasint vain." it is certainly an occasion of gratitude that toe disbursements. A man to circumstanr^es of me- coirctrii. as if incapable of cnjoviiut their restIamnotathamed,norwillyoube,Itruet,myments,eachyieldtoe liom'jthing,eachsecur- toemeona set dayusto diocrityundertakestobuildahoossforhispersonal solongluanydoubtimpemiedoverthedestini•e*sofwhichfriends,toplaceourselvesinsuchcompany,andingmuch,andthewholecementedbytoebond thanksto Godforhis todoinghardanddishonesttlitor^s,undertoepressureuse.Firstofallisanyamountofcontrivingandhavecohuenatrdywithour O.beGqoude.atohuerdfatthiear.shavefortlieand, altfiough temporary and giving Almighty goodness,of wearenotreducedtotoatdegreetempts the which their valor toWeThese,of lids should all regard ourselves as proof against delights. Alr'eauyhe sees toe fireside where he willunderpailnrentsto consideralready lie bears toe Win- fh'y piotec-Jon. Millions upon millions, rejetoinglasprobably inth v ^^Sw' l-^^« In.irnd save us;bieneath the old oaks aad chaw1anrlUfe, www.fultonhistory.com 