 YC9 ©*ctof it a swe,by ft thatliaison arm*)g but 'rarjcetratioa"' Minted fetish verywhen irouadliurrier,Ithings, jtlioajk >rthy of' &>I£11860.for tbe »ubea recess sh was lee. la WOT© Now kg thetatic ia- tfce pro- seD3 and"August, 185fr, and dWredl information a* to the steps billions since the conquest, and during that time the A diagram of the original Conufock silver mine hi takentodiscovertheoffenders, minesbadbeenonlysuperficiallyworaed. Hefound EOSTIIiITW&W&mCarsonValleyhasBeenbroughtto8auFrandcco. It *A*frjjf**^\*«^*w*faa,relatedtoanycomrnnnica- thecausesofinterventionintheoutragesuponAmeri- BETWEENTHEUNITEDSTATESANDMEXICO.showstheleadtobetwoandahalfmileslong,run- ning noxth and south, all of which is claimed,by thirty companies, who are digging shafts or tunnels Lutwen-^ ty-fourplacesittothehillswherethelead'issupposedf-~*.i *BISSELL OF ILLINOIS.ST. LOUIS, Monday, March 19, i860.'Gov. Stewart has vetoed the Free-Negro bflL Gov. Bissell of Illinois died yesterday afternoon.The Ship » e Witt Clinton.SQUAN, N. J., Monday, March 19, 1860. All hands left the ship D s Witt Clinton yesterdayonaccountoftheweatherandsea.Sheliesallright, ntern off shore. The dry goods have nearly all beenon tbe 25th, bOfeet in one of the Washoe silver mines at $35,000. * ,A railroad route is undfl'r survey Irom Folsom to Placerville. Tbe people at Nevada have petitioned the Legislature for permission to loan the credit of that county to aid in constructirg a ra;lroad to Folsom, or to the nearest connection with the Sicramenfco Valley Railroad.-The Republicans lired salutes in the different townssession:" Hefad even robbed her of a pxefcoj that vxas^ £ 8 & ? £ £ i t a t f O W Sjatterly arrived in tpwn, n J v „ t W s n i n i r accompanied Detective Tiemann to 33fwLSSSfBoVwheretheyhadascertainedAN AiWRCED FmuTivR ..IBCWBIAKTV -Yesterday afternoon. Detective Tieaan arrested •m this. d*y Sebaetian Keener, an a warrant from th» Police Coot** of Buffalo, Keener being charged with arson in the, fixst degree. It apt earn in evidence tiaat h* fornssrirj- k«ptastoreinBuffalo,andthathisplacewasdeetroyect- •• • >The steamer Columbia arrived from the southern Marin's Havana expedition raised the Mexican flag ports of Oregon to-day, bringing news of a horrible•- .•^#on firont Mr. Harris, our Minister to Japan, ia regard can citizens at Tacubaya, Zacatecas, Cordova, and •«4Sr ^ i S ? ? 0 * * " &Ploa>atic mtsnon from Japan to the other places on the Rio Grande and in Chihuahua, etc. ^JnjtedStates,andrnstructstbeCommitteeofForeign Hepicturedthe conditionof Mexicoingloomy 'r?*TrWM*°*«1«»*iaotheexpediencyofproviding colors,andeaidthatifwedidnotintervene,-*>rthereoeptionof sstidxniwion. General Houston would have to, protect the vv;>, Owunander Maury has written a long letter to Sena- frontier and give a protectorate. Orgaaiza- 's**^?1**} on the subject of interoceauic telegraphs, tions were already formed by the Knights of ~yba>yrr>i m a strong light the iccalcu'abte advantages, the Golden Circle who had tendered theirwhich would rfeatta therefj*m' to the Govsrament in aid to the Juarez Government. They offered to loan(mHitaryaffairs,andtocommerce,aurveja,andmete- himthemoney,andputhimiathecapitti,inconsidera-f «ro*ogj' tion cf certain lands in the Mexican States. There weref The House to-day worked under the recently alBoother considerations offered. If thistreaty failed, if^'ftmended rules. The experh&ent shows, that, it this Government did not go in by its regular army/ir-whoclaimstohavetasteand.cu/taie.wholasnot topats.AfewmonthBwillsufficetoestablishtheex- readL<mgfe;low'sEvangeline. Ofti"**poemitmay CaptureoftwoMexicanWarSteamers.tent ofthis mine, which as jetisonlyprovedtobe be eaid that while few if any of its Jiaes containand bad several warrants in Ms possession for the ar- restofperscisabroad. '••/'•:•*'•':••• *0®$g-Headmi'sthat"in1*56hehadafightinCfeoiw Russell's salcoD,in Oewegb," when four moh,who had followed him, attempted to beat him. H e turnedHrktly observed, they wUl effect a marked improve jstent in the manner o transacting buaicesv.responsible parties would, and w e could not blame them or Juarez. France could intervene in Italy but our interest in Mexico was greater than that of France~the Liberals.• -over the whole, and accomplishes triumph by suchto Oswego.- <THEAll the States, gave probably California and Oregon,"trill, it is said, be represented in the Coistitrtionui I m Italy. He qucted Vattel, Phiilimore, and other iuristsBaptist, Bordeaux; Eoropa, New-York; bark St. synthesis. Of such latter class is Evangeline. Jean, Bordeaux. " /LAW BEFORE COUNCIL..I'nion Convention. T&e supposition is, that SenatorAll the bnsinesB doing is cf a speculative character. New-Orleans papers of Thursday last give the de- Tbe country demand is unaccountably backward, and tails of the Mexiuan newB brought by the Star of the the regular trade have not the meanp, if they have the desire, of entering the market. Unless the country trade shall revive soon a reaction will probably ensue. Money is getting more stringent for speculative wants., to show warrant for intervention in a case like that of i rrtteuden will at that time convene the National £ x - i Mexico, even without the intervention of a treatvcapable of successful dramatic treatment may be questioned on the ground'that the nature of narrativepoetry is different from that due the stage; but one ftreet, for the purpose of receiving the repjri df the*- thing is certain,—that this quality w e have described ia Committee on the n<?W Bunding law7, now" befbre' the*essential even to a promise of success for theatrical Legislature. A lengthy paper had beem drawn'no,by' adaptation. W e confess to a great liking for the poem the Committee, too substance of which^was sicfply: a of Evangeline: so much so that the mere mention of report of progress. Several amendments, modifying-the details of the act relating-t© its executive arrange- tbe effort to put it on the stage excites with us interest. ments considerably, were proposed and adopted,"andBS na ive Committee, in which event a large delegation There is pomcthm^y et to save. Mr. Cox gave an ac-i*£U be present at Baltimore on the 9th of May. | count of Mexican resources and commerce. England" West.The Board of Representatives ct the Fir* B*p»$-„ > 'The Secretary of the Interior has dispatched an \ monopolized them. W e are the neighbors of Mexico, ^.-Hgeat to Wiaconein to investigate the alleged frauds on i He referred to its soil and other natural advantages!Miramon approached Vera Cruz on the 29fch ult., with 5,000 men, a numerous train of artillery, and am- munition stores, and encamped four miles from. theCandles are very dull at 19c.PROVISIONS--Extra clear Pork, in barrels, sells"at$21,in half do., $1125; Mess Pork, in barrels, $18L Bacon, good fair, 15c.; auction sales of 450 barrels Amos Bill-•XXXVITH-FIRST SESSION.of England with Mexico, which was $33,000,000 perannum. H e considered the objections against this The headquarters were at Medelin. Miramon sev- ings Hams at 13c. Lard quiet, held in first hands forme Meomicee ixdiane.' Give the United States with its steam-engine, unrest*decentralizing eelf government and energy a footholilarge cities. No sectional considerations would move. 4& idm to vote against the bill. He did not doubt that the Free States formed out of the new domain would nave sufficient power to attempt to destroy the instiga- tion of Slavery by amending the Constitution. The result would be the same whether the bii! passed ornot. Congress held the territory for the purpose ofsettlement and admission as States, and its policy was -to pass such a measu?e as this bill. Sectional con-sMerations were of ^ conseouer/Ce. OnmotionofMr.JOHNSON (Dem,Teun.),Che-fcfflwas postponed till Wedneeday at 1p.m.The biBL declaratory of the acta for carrving into ef- fect tbe ninth article cf the treaty of l8iy with Spain was taken up and a lengthy report read. The bill prc-'vices ibr the payment of the interest awarded by the United States Judges in East Florida aa part of the sat- isfaction stipulated in the acts of 1833 and 1834.Mr. TOOMBS (Dem., Ga.) gaid the principal had been paid, but the Secretary of the Treasury refaeed the interest. The question was, should the interest be paid? Hecoaendedthatitshouldbe.Itwasthe practice of all nations in such cases to make the pay- mentundertreaties. Hecitednumerouscasesandopinions.Mr. MALLOBY (Dem., Fla.) spoke in favor of theclaim, and gave the history of ita origin. He urged thethe United "States, in charge of Lieut. Minor^from Vera Cruz 13th inst.Tbe city wa£ besieged by Mhamon.ton JohEson.of Caetleton, •Chairman, and Lewis Brownell of Northfield, Secretary.Meters. Joseph Center, G. W . Curtis, and W . A .broad grins, which degrade the taste, ought to succeed.There is gentle suavity of tone, a purity of sentiment,which should commend it alike to the lovers of good two 12-pound boat howitzers. Her crew number • taste and good morals.;payment of the interest aa just and equitable.Ad-prisoners taken, and the United States ship Preble is to bring the remainder.upon the back of his head. No water being found in could get at put in them. Considering it impwadent tojourned._'REPRESENT A TIVES.his lungs showed that ,the body had been thrown into the river after death.Further evidence showed that the deceased hadbeenbeaten at a saloon kept by a man named Hall, who attbetimetheinquestwasheldwasmissing, anditwasthen ascertained that almost immediately after the ab-HOUSEO FAlvarado is reported to he in possession of Miramon.The Exequatur of the American Consul at Vera Cruz has been revoked.The City of Mexico is surrounded by the Liberals.remain longer on board for the safety of oaarbves, w » .all got into the boats and proceeded to tho-- schooner,which proved to be the Lewis S. Davis of Brookhavea,.CONGEESS.by this trea'y, and our commerce would surpass that city.SENATE....WASHINGTON, March 19,1860. Two meeeagee were received from tl>e President.We acknowledge the peril of such an attempt.We feel that the Americans, as regards the drama,are becoming more and more unspiritual and unsenti-the Committee were discharged.Mr. SMITH offered the following subaHftfte to flieri Senalor King presented a petition in favor of a unf- fojm. Bankrupt l%w.Alto, the petition of James W . Nye and 105 others j«f New-York, in Tavor of the Homestead bill.Mx. LANE tDem., Oregon) introduced a resolution pr yviding that the Coaoiittee on Pablic Lands inquire / o the expediency of making the 46th parallel i boundary between ^Oregon and Washington.dopted.The House bill authorizing the pnblishers of news-{ peia to print on their papers the date when sub- a<riptionsexpire,wastakenup.answered the objection by pointing to their growthThe garrison was composed offirm at 12c.51stpecticn: _, . • Retolved, That the Repreientativicrqf tho Fire Bsn&immt'ol*Mr. MORRILL (Rep., Vt.) from the Committee onWays and Means, repoited a bill to provide for thepayment cf outstanding Treasury No*es; to authorize aloan; rtgolating and increasing the duties on imports, made between the Mayor of New-York and the Re-and for other pnrpoyes. publicans; his action was simply dictated by duty to Mr.SHERMAN'N (Rep.,0) from the same Commit-1tee, reported a bill'mskmg appropriations for the ne- bis constituents, and by regard for the interests of themight be counteracted by the presence of small farmers cultivat- ing their lands with their own hands.Delegates to the State Convention were then chosen: Joseph Center of Northfield, delegate; Abram C. Si- monson of Northfield, alternate. Daniel F . Appleton of Caetleton, delegate; Monroe B. Bryant of South- field,alternate.sence of Mr. CurtiSj he (Hall), with several frequentersof his bar, had left Oswego, and their whereabouts, burnt through the de.ck. On lifting one cS the hafcahe*cessary executive and judicial expense*of the Govern- ment for the next nsca! year.The Committee on Commerce reported a bill making t appropriation* for the Light-house establishments.citizens.Mr. ARCTJLARIUS opposed the recommittal of thebill.The motion to recommit the bill was lost, and thebill went to the Committee of the Whole.Mr. MILLER madeamajority report againstthe Senate bill fixing the ferriage between New-York andquence of the action, of the American squadron.Tbe French and Spanish residents were ^wery bitterin their denunciationc of the affair.Lieut. Chapman is bearer of dispatches to Wash-ington.The Overland Mail.ELECTION OF ASSISTANT ENGINEER.—Last night an The following dispatch, bringing one day later election for Aseifitant Engineer to fill the vacancy oc-could not be ascertained. It was rumored that Hall had fled to Canada, and thither an officer was sent- after him,, but he was not to be found.Aboutamonthortwoago Mr. CalvinC.Pettyc$ Oswego went to Auburn to see a woman who had leftwe found that the ship was all on fire. It beiag useless. ; to try to quench the flames, we all went on board tho- j schooner again, reaching her at 2 a. m. _At "3a. t c t h e ^ smoke was comimr up out of the ship* in. imroemao e volume. At 4 a m. the fore and main masts wenkby y tbe board,-the ship being completely enveloped ia.a smoke and names. Finding it useless to reaiaui.iyjf jMr.HASKIN (A.L.Dem.,N.Y.) from theCom-nxittee on Public Expenditures, reported a bill repeal-ing the act providing for the fortifications at Willett'a Brooklvn at one cent.ST. LOUIS, March 18, 1860.her husband, and to induce her to return. Repairing ioncer by the burning vess*l, the schocaer bore away ^ , tothehousewhereMrs.Bradleyresided,hewasabout• onhercourseforSavannah."converging with her upon the bueinees he had in hand,when she interrupted him by telling him that she haaPoint. _, m ._., ~Mr. ETHERIDGE (S. Am., Tenn.) from the Com-xnittee on Inc ian affairs, reported a bill providing for the pajmentior the depredationa committed by the whites on the Shawx ee Indians of Kansas.Mr SCOTT (Ad. Dem., CaL) from the same Com- mittee reported a bill providing for the examination of the ehtims occasioned by the Indian depredations in New-Mexico. m _. - _.All the above-named bills were referred to the Com- mittee of tbe Whole on the Slate of the Union.*The House proceeded to act on the several amend- ments to the rules heretofore reserved for separateV<Bv*tbenew arrangement, the JudgesoftheCourt of Claims, Foreign M i n e r s , and Senators and Repre- sentatives elect are now1 admitted to the floor. Tnat cart of the amendment proposing to similarly mcluue ex-MembersoftheHouse,notprosecutingclaimsper- aonallv or aa agents be'ore the House, was rejected bv a tie' vote, tbe Speaker adding his in the negative.Mr V ALLANDIOHAM'S (Dem., Ohio) motion to rescind the role which restricts a member to one hour in debate, w a s defeated by seventeen majority.A rule w a s adopted that, pending the election of Speaker, the Clerk shall preserve order and decorum, and decide all questions oi order, subject to an appeal votheHouse. ...Mr. REAGAN (Dem., Texas) agam presented his motion to refer the Military Academy bill, as returned from the Senate, with an amendment providing for the caUins of tbe mounted regiment of volunteers hereto- fore authorized into the field, to the Committee on Military Affairs. He showed the pressing necessity of an additional cavalry force in consequence of the con- tinued Indian hostilities, infantry being dm<* uwkw. Besides the boundary between the Lmted States and S 5 S ^ s h o u l d be proicted. Unless tiiis is done there is danger that the two nations may become involved^MrTbOX (Dem., Ohio) thought the merits of the Mexican question were opened by this motion of ref- erence W e ought to send the matter to the Commit- TM forth.Tfollestinqniry. If the Mexican affiwrs are complicated by Gov. Houtton's movements ou the border, the treaty joat made may be lost. W e should intervene to protect Mexko. It is a part of the JM.on- rce doctrine; the national honor and interest demand it After glancing at the history of Mexico, a history of avarice, anarchy, and changes, he drew a state- ment of tbe relative strength and condition of the Central and tbe National parties, and of their right to the Government. H e regarded the Juarez Govern- mentasMefacto woddejwretheGovernmsnt. Mr. MeLaae bad so recognized it, and practically by a treaty Thattreatygaveusthree valuable rightsoi way over Mexico, and Wie right to intervene by forcetoprotectit. . ,He spoke of the advantages of the treaty to everypart ofthe country-to tbe Ohio farmer, the Southern planter,theironandmanufacturing interests. Heil- lustrated this by statistics from Ohio, whose grain product was one hundred and twelve millions of bush- els, ard whose li*e stock ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ S ^ S S t J ^ LMr. BRIGGS presented asuiinority report favorable to the bill. ^ ^After considerable discussion, Mr. MILLER moved to agree with the report of the majority. Carried; 45 Mr. FISHER moved to reconsider the vote, and laythat motion on the table. Carried.The Assembly spent the whole evening session indebate on the bill to abolish capital punishment. The bill was supported at length by Messrs. CROOKER, COOPER, SLINGERLAND, and V AN'HORN, and opposed by Mr. WILEY, when progress was reported, and the bill made the special order for Friday evening.news from California, was received here by the Over- land Mail last night:SAN FRANCISCOJ Feb. 25—5 p. m. Arrived to-day, ship Wild Hunter, from HongKong.Sailed, ship Panther, for Callao; bark Carrie Le-land, and brig Ida, for JapaD, making six vessels that have left San Francisco within a few weeks, to return with cargoes of Japanese goods.About 11,000 letters were dispatched by the Over-casioned by the promotion of John Decker to theChieftainship, was held by the New-York Fire De-become acquainted wicha man who was then boarding at the houte, and who was very desirous of havingher live with him. .During>bheir conversation^the man referred to cameinto the parlor, where Mrs. Bradley introduced him toMr. Petty as Mr. Clark from Susquehanna- The twoTHEPSWENTERS.—A mass meeting of jourzwvajsm r* painters was held at Military Hall, Bowery, last o«-*n- ing, Mr. Thomas Sunderland in tke chair. MssJrWr Fitzpatrick moved that they, the painters, work fo>r n<; less than.$2 a day on and after March*IS. Th3 motion,6a£';-;''1 ., with cargoes of Jars, a great surplus for exchange. He gave a state- corn, pork, and floor. ThTsteamerOlean left atthePXCKJTOCKET.—Detectives Bennett and McDougaJtt •foriheir own support en the reservations now estab- ferent parts, of the State find it impossible, withA their which he evioccB in convoreat&n. It seems that for I BfceneaV Society rosans. MuA WMshown «p at tt*alqu<wrUrr«ment oi the productions of Mexico, especially of itsestimated at 60,000.• *, ..fl.>;.^.a,-........^•J'/.:-'.-.i.,r-'.v-.'.v*.^''M.7'-.^'--...in upon th<;in..*OtbistfQ,» his whereabout. uutUbut uight.cXe, sugar, and^lver.The last was two and a halfir»asCrtw»w»9??'.*'**:i:-r'-.v-' WiftiV'-'-r S?P!3SF?§I*KPE W^IA/.n-.'l^^-^'i^'-.^^-'---v"'--t'-" • IJ"NEW-YORK DAILY TfiffitWE, TUESDAY, MARCH 20, I860.The billsto make foreign Insurance Companies doing businessin this Stale subject to all State laws; and to incorporate the Gymnasium of the Brooklyn Young Men's Christian Association, were reported favorably.The Buffalo Breakwater bill was moved forward to be reported complete. . .Senator Robertson's oyster bill was ordered to a third reading, having been amended so as to provide that persons staking ouAlots for the purpose of planting ovsters shall file a diagram of the same with the State Engineer.The bill relative to unclaimed deposits in Savings Banks was ordered to a third reading, a motion to strike out the enacting clause having been lost, 9 to 11.No other businees of importance was transacted.ASSEMBL Y . TheuseoftheChamberwasgrantedtothepupilsof the Deaf and Dumb Institute, for* an exhibition on Tuesday of next week.The Havana Diario says that Miramon has from of an incendiary.No partietfars of the capture of the steamer General organization of the Sackett'sHarbor and Ellisbarg Miramon have yet been received.man named Jonas Odell, alias James H. Clark, aliasJames Hall, charged with causing the death of Mr. Commasder's Clerk, James M. Fagan. It is suggested*; •'-.Mr. SEARLES introduced a bill to facilitate the re-sale of bottles used for mineral waters; in relation to bottle collection, and payment of aaeejsments for clos- ing the tunnel in Atlantic street, Brooklyn, and re- grading that street.Mr.PONDpresentedamajorityreportinfavorof the passage of the bill to amend the charter of the CityofNew-York.Mr. A. SMITH movert to recommit the bill, de- nouncing it as a party measure, not demanded by the tax-payers cr for the interest of the city, but induced by political considerations alone.Messrs. TUCKER and COOPER opposed the mo- lion, the latter declaring that tbe opposition only came from Tammany Democrats, who did not desire that the Republicans should increase the powers of thep< al of the Missouri Compromise act, and who sought to impose a Pro-Slavery Constitution on the people of Kansas aspinst their UDanimoua rtmonstrance; and who, even now,- in their efforts to extend and fortify Slavery, claim that the Constitution?of the United States legalizes Slavery in the ^Territories, and that Con- gressshouldpanslawstoprotectSlaverytherein.Bcsolted, That the Republican patty in opposing these arrogant Both steamers were captured off Anton Lizardo on demands and political heresies assert no new doctrines, and only themorningofthe6thinot,,afterabriefactionand followinthefootstepsoftheFathersoftheRepublic;andwhile we disclaim all intention or right to interfere with Siavery in the States, where it rests on the sovereign power and laws of the States, yet as citizens of a commen Union, under ihe imperative The steamer Marquez has on board a portion of the command of duty, we will resist che extension of slavery into the Territories of the Republic by all lawful and conatitutionalmeans.Resolved, That we cordially approve of the Homestead billpending in Congress, to give to each actual settler, for a nominal oonoidera<ion, a quarter section of land, believing that by so do;ng, in the end, no detriment would be incurred to the public revenue, and tho settlement of wild and unproductive forests by alojaland independent population would be greatly hastened; that the umted opposition to this measure by the Representa- tivesinCongressfromtheslaveholding States,betrays a desire to have those lands held in large plantations convenient for til-present Mavor of the City of New-York.Mr. A. SMITH repudiated any political oppositionthe captain and crew kindly receiving us- on boej«L • Tbe schooner, at Capt. Merritt's request, lay by the- shipuntil10o'clockp.m..whenwewentonboardti*e»- ship again, as the smoke did not seem to increase. Wa< found the fhip's sides and deck quite hot, .and a heie-to the bill. He cared not what bargains mightbeTHIRD DISPATCH.Great excitement existed in Vera Cruz inconse- lage under the system of slave labor, and which system of laborland route yesterday. ~ . TheCanal Appropriation billwasmadethespecial R.E.Brewster,amerchantof SanFrancisco, wnoW&NDEU, PHILLIPS'S LECTURE.—It will be noticed that the lecture announced to be delivered in the BrooklynTabernaclebyWendellPhillipsthisevening, will be delivered in the Atbemehm instead, the change being rendered necessary, we are iaforo)ed, by fears on the paifc of the trustees of a disturbance.DROTTED DEAD IN THE STREET.—Ye3terday after-noon Samuel Otter, a man 60 years of age, droppeddeadatthecornerofBroadwayanlCedarstreet. Hisbody was taken to the eub-atation in Trinity Plp.ce,men commenced talking with each other, when Clark was seconded, and adopted unanimously. Bepcrta^said he was acquainted in Oswego, but had not been were received from eight shops, the employer- inthere for five or six years, and mentioned the names which, are paving $2aday. The whole narihor ct ;of several persons whom he knew. While so convers-ing Clark said,ClIsupposeyourememberthecircum- menemployedinthe&a-sbopeis100...There.arewdto ,order for Wednesday evening.CORRECTION.—-In cur Albany letter, Senator Blood, votiDga^jiustFreeSafiiage, iaclaa«edasaRepublican; MrB.Is a Den: ocrat.Fatal Encounter at Jefferson City.ST. LOUIS, March 18, 1860. A street encomiter occurred yesterday afternoon at Jefferson City, between James HugheB, Deputy War- den of the Penitentiary, and Mr. Dosier, formerly a «nard at the prison, resulting in the almost immediatedeath of both. The cause was an old grudge, aggra vated by' recent political differences. Both leave families.•has just returned from the Wa&hce mines in Carson Valley, brings specimens of silver ore which assays over $30,000 per tun.TheDemocraticprimaryelectionshavebeenheldin seventeen countiep. The delegates to the State Con- vention, as far a. heard from, stand 146 for Latham, and 44 for Gwin and Latham, indicating without doubt that the Latham influence will secure the California delegation to the Charleston Convention.The Latham delegates from San Francisco are in favorof sending Austin E. Smilh to Charleston. He is a son of the Hon. W in. Smith of Virginia, and is favor- able to Daniel S. Dickineon of New-York, for theMETLOT'S STATION, Monday, March 19, 1860. The. Overland Mail coach, with regular San Fran-stance of a man being murdered there some years ago," at which observation Mr. Petty, to use hia own remarks, was "taken aback." Clark-continued: " Well,Isuppose lam the man whomurderedhim, and I took nothing hut my fists to do it with either; I don't allow any d—d man to follow me about."The conversation then turned upon other subjects, and subsequently at a private interview bet ween Petty and Mrs, Bradley, she gave him one of her- friends' cards,onwhich wasthenameof "James H. Clark."be 1,600 painters in the»city, 300 of whom ara.nvwstt-ors 8 of the Painters' Union. Theterms-of memberfS^ are, 25- cents entrance fee, and 12 cents a moat*. Mr. . Keadymadeashortandeffectivespeechatthemeetingr! laei. evening, urging, upon those, present the twiporb-i 1 ance of union in any effort whicA j*. was lioogbt it de- L sirable to make. He denounced the practice of many • painters spending theur time and money i a t h e rusav... ehop3. Thisallcsionbroughtdowntremendoushiaceg,(-.iArrivecf on the 25th, ship Henry, Brigham, New- Won-Arrival of the North Briton. York; Oldenburg bark dahlers, Glasgow; 26th, Danish ship Hindostan, Hamburg; 27th, brig M. Gari- PORTLAND, Monday, March 19, Midnight. , baldi, Rio Janeiro; brig Catharina, Liverpool; schr.think it good enough for her to wear.. Information of evening in the Bev. Dr* Huttosk's.chwrch, cermet o£ A French officer just returned from Rome,. states, the matter was telegraphed • some day* ago to Acting- University Blaco and W^ahingtoa Place. Thro^o* fou* that the Papal troops amount to 8,000 men, of whom General Superintendent Carpenter, who placed the hundred *choo} teachers wero present. The ususl4,000 are Swiss, 2,000 Chasseurs, or Dragoons, and 2,- case in the hands of Sergeant Dickson and Detective bueinees was transacted^ and a model lesson was givanThere are as yet no signs of the steamer NorthMetis, from Newport, R. I., via Rio.'The total contributions in California for the relief ofcelebrated, in this city, the 12th anniversary of theBriton, now due at this port with Liverpool dates ofthe 7th inst.Wind Sonth-East. Weather cloudy. the Jews at Gibraltar amout to $4,600.The French Republicans on the night of the 24thFrom Miasonri.overthrow of the Bourbon dynasty.FREE-NECRO BILL IN MISSOURI—DEATH OF GOV A gentleman well known m San Francisco, boughte o f f Sen out7andshewillte>v .down and the weather permits it.whentheseagoesThompson, in Philadelphia, on Wedneeday, by thetor. ... MutualBenefit Life InsuranceCompanyof Newark,, A bill has been introduced in the Legislature, winch to recover rent alleged to be due to them from Mr.proposes ibr the sum of $50,000 perannumforten JamesL.Lordofthatcity,averdictwasrenderedfor vears, to have the State take chage of the Indians and the defendant.totheGeneralGovernment. Thebillalsoprovidesan hadbeentakenforabandonment.apprenticesystemfortheIndians,withaviewofcom- saysthathomespunclothsarebecomingsofashionable Theaccused isratheragood-looiing man,about96pelling them to acquire industrious habits, and labor with bueinees wen in Virginia that the factories in. dif- years of age, and seems posseBBe&otirreat shrewdness, last night arrested John Mack, a. well-known plcktocki't, at theErie Lake Navigation.EVANGELINE.MISSELLENBASEMAN.It would be difficult to find a pe.T«on in this latitude,REPULSE OF MIRAMON. have been taken up, and are being opened by tunnels dreamy aud delicious. There are two schools, ft seems the manwaom he beat. In the conflict ne broke hisThe City of Mexico Surrounded* byandRhaft*,butmonthsmustelapsebeforeanything positive as to their richness can be known.LATER—By telegraph, to Fresno CUy.SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 28—5 p. m.-Arrived, since yesterday's mail departed, ships Jeanband,andafterthefightwentandrTadTitset.Wh» to us, of writing poetry: the one which seeks t'*> Make tbe man was whom he beat, or what became <A h i a ,each line niaryelously striking and memorable, an <1 the he does not know." The accused was locked up at ether which ii content with a diffusive range of inte*»8t Headquarters all night, and will this motniM Ve takenWASHINGTON, Monday, March 19,1860. .}THE NEW BUILDING How far the poem as to plot and characterization is V FIREMEN IN| Mr. YULEE (Dem , Ala,)reported an additional scc- nent. If we do not mtervene it will be done by Spain, forts on the soutV.em tide, was detected in a cocspiracy gon, dated tie 26th, represent intense-excitement as acter—here seems generally to bore the audience, who fered the following substitute to Bection 61st, \vhich -n,toth.^efffctthatthedroplettersdeliveredinlarge France,orEngland. Englandwouldnotobjecttoour existinginthevicinityofJacksonville,onaccountof areeagerforanycomicality,eventhatwhichwould wasalsoadopted:e ies by carries be charged one cent postage, in3tead interference. He quoted from The London Times to blow up the fort on Miramon's approach, and the. rich quartz discoveries. One oompany had taken out rot bear judicious warranty. Tbat tbe Inspectors, before entering upon the discharge"of*>.two,asheretofore,-whichwasadopted,andthebill Mr.Whifehead,theagentoftheEnglishbondholders'latterwastoenterthecityonthatside.:Thirtycon- onehundredandtwenty-fivethousanddollarsingold;tbeirdutiesasinspectors,shalleachpastanejCatniuationUto The most tender and beautiful scenes of "Evange- tbeir knowledge to perform all tfce duties of the-office. auc«w-ii an passed.The bill relative to the preemption rights of certainic '.tiers on Indian rtaervationa in Oregon and Wash- ii ?ton was Wkennp and passed.and others, to s-how it. He quoted Bulwer's speech on the British Columbia bill to show that the best sea- timent of England favored an expansion of States and Commonwealths hsre whose history should be written, not in obelisks and pyramids, but in the English lan-spirators were banished from the city, and Vivaddo condemned to four years' imprisonment.eight hundred pounds of rock yielded sixty dollars of gold. , •line" put on the etage would by these authorities bei pronounced "slow;" and certainly, by the same rule, eome ofthe best eceneB in Shakespeare would be votednif.h,tho Pre»ldent of the Fire Department of the said city a cer- tificate signed by tbe Conacnittee on Examination* appointed by the FresidoDt, Vice-President, and Secretary cf the New-York Fire Department, by a majority of the said orheers, each o^ which shall bo a practicae builder.Xjah, and what measnres were taken in'relation there- Paris and Madrid presses as the expreeaion of la jcunc to:, and the present condition of the survivors. America. They weie amazed at the remark made ato the theater, the adaptation by Mrs. Batemanof edge «rd competency to perform all the duties of* the oftice, and fuixi«hthe President of the Fire Department-of said oity a "Evangeline" for the stage ought to be considered certificate sipned by tbe Committee on Examination-appointed by the American Irstitute of Architects of the City of New- 24-poundere. Itwasbelievedthatseveralothervessels thebeachatthesouthentranceofHumboldtBay,40 meritorious,andforthemostpartsuccessful. Thedia- Yorktotbateffect,a«d,inaddition,aha1!before enteringuponAdopted.Mr.MA.SON(THm.,Va.)introduced a resolution thattheSecretaryofStatecommunicatecopiesofthe correspondence between the State Department and Town«en4 I*. Harris. Commissioner to Japan.^adopted. * Mr. HARLAN <Eep», Iowa) introduced a bill to ex- tend the. rights of preemption over unsurveyed landsyear ago that if we consider the elements of our coun- try,intellectual,martial,agricultural,mechanical,and political,wehadalwaysadozenlocomotiveRepublics fired up and ready f »r movement. He thought if the neutrality laws were repealed, and the Government's sanction had, a regiment of such elements could be readily raised in tvery < ne tf the two hundred and thirty-eeven Congressional districts in the Union. European nations expanded, Russia, France, England, Sardiiia,andevenSpain inMorocco,andwehavehoboard a large quantity of ammunition, stores and twelvehad sailed from Hava/ia on the same mission. A well- man being with a red skin at that village. It was with one or more sureties, to be approved by the Control'er, inf-etionaryitratioa F: . Mr.HALE fRep., N.H.) introduced a resolutionMr. A. A. PHILLIPS of No. 40 Engine offered the were killed that morning. These deeds were The cast was strong. Mr. J*fferson as the droll of following, to secure *' rotation in office," which wascase of fctraotediajat- irroacd iers of recently[natron, H-Lanearolina; orgaa- ung tee->a hareto tako tea and of May, riod, forsvening, During in hisled 30 ecess w a s who were titude ex-AL.red from -ut with-yefc ap-atonan- they are La simi-dabama, nted* o n that the nearly real con- aad Mr. Ctncin^ •pied, t h edid ate.ir.der the 3eiriyashave re- •opiiatioa applyinginve^tiga-•,iment be- y without presented to-day for |aad Sick-Point bill, reference, ward andone speech vhich ma- Jouse. I t d citizens, , to select restricting [ators who benefited. % fide set* da open toNicaragua lepubUcaas It can be •jected oneuctiom to tc-day, in ayandthe •fifer $10,- 2;htofwayrom Arixo- •ate treaty Soally fell\<K 1*60. the Senate rgassacacs in.in Iowa. Refer, ed.laRxBg on the Superintendent of Capitol Extension for protests. W e must obey the same law. Englandor seven echoonei-rigged gun-boats, mounting 64- perpetrated by the farmers and graziers of Eelpounders were stationed along the coast to intercept it. River, County, who' have suffered from Indian the piece waB admirable. Mr. Jordan, Mr.-Pearson,adopted:Retolved, Tbat fhe Legislature of New-York be requested to«*•»!• • •Her familiarity with stage business is admirable.Here nothing of the novice, but all of the experiencedactor appears. Her intonation at times is slightly"stsgey." ItwantBintensity,'andthe artificial treatmentappears. At other times she surrenders, herself' to the cola. The detachment consists as follows: 80 sailors,information as to the feasibility and cost of extending theSenateChambersoasto"tnkeinthewindowson t&enorthend. Adopted.Mr. CHANDLER (Rep-, Mich.) moved to make the bill for the improvement of the St. Clair Flats a specialhonors Elgin for the Reciprocity and Chinese treaties. Wehavesuchtriumphsolcommercehereatourdoors, yetexpendourmeansinopeningtheportsofJapan and China, and neglect Mexico. This expansion is the law of health. The Southern cross was its type..It once shone in the North. Astronomers say it is coming North again. Our nation is the guide for the expansion of this continent, and we must act up to the exigency of the time. He who regards us as the lag- gard of the century must recast with nicer heed our national horoscope. ,•'Mr. REAGAN^ said he wanted the people of Texas protected. Letthbse of Mexico' protect themselves.Pending tbe question to refer the bill to the Military Committee, the House adjourned.depredations during the past vear. They claim that and others gave much pleasure.thepeacefulIndiansaroundHumboldtBayhavefurnishedaidandammunitiontothehostileIndianainThe Savannah, Saratoga, and Preble were anchored the mountains, and hence a war of extermination has the most important matter—to Evangeline as played by lots for tbe teim of services, - so that tbe representatives ah*«llorder for Tuesday, at one o'clock. *fays29.The Homestead bill was taken up.Loet by Ye*s 23,Some unimportant business was transacted, afterMr. NICHOLSON (Dem., T*nn.) said he had found manpotable objections in the House bill on the same subject, a i d he should confine hi* remarks to the Senate biti, which, in hi.* opinion, would not confldt with -theestablished policy of the Government in relation to the Public Lands. He went into a statistical argument to show the great advantage to result froja the adoption of the Senate bill, and said that it would occasion no dinti»uvion in -the receipts, of the Government. It wocid induce twenty thousand families annually to emigrate to new and uncultivated lands. This migra-tion would be of infinite service to the whole country, for it would build up a class of independent farm- ers, who mak-*. better citizens in time of peace, and better soldiers in time of war. He referred to the recent strikes in Massachusetts as illus- trating the Struggle between capital and laborin redundant 'popa'ations, and advocated the bill, as .calculated to afford relief to the laboring poor of theMARINE AFFAIRS.had not decided to do when the Teviot sailed. NEW-YORK LEGISLATTJEE. Lieut. Carter, who had arrived at New-OrleansLA CROSSE, Wis., Monday, March 19, 1860. author, audobtains success accordingly. Sheisagreat6,000 to 8,000 men, well supported with artillery. NEW-ORLEANS, Monday, March 19,1S60.The scenery and the stage illustrations are excellent. be stationed at Pensacola, tho Seminole's Guard'ex-- RICHMOND COUNTY REPUBLICAN CONVENTION.— One scene, that representing the eea, with the village cepted, which will number about 12 men. The sailors.. -This Convention, hold at Richmond on Saturday even- The steamer General Miramon is belo rr, a prize to ing, the 17th, was organized by choosing/W. Temple-will all go on beard of the Seminole, which will be - burning on the enore, is the most beautiful of the kind commiesioned on their arrival at Ptn3acola, The -yet given in this country. It is the high-art:of scenepaintipg. Evangeline, except to a people wedded to Seminole is a very pretty little craft Her chief di- -menskms are as follows: Extreme length, 219 feet; width, 31 feet; tannage, 801; horse power, 750. H e r • armament consists of four Dahlgren shell guns, and •On the 5th he notified the representatives of foreigngovernments of his Litention to cannonade the city. * reported the following which were unanimouslyHe made ap. attack in force on the night of the 7th, but was soonrepulsed by the Liberals, who are confi- dent of a Eucceesfulresistaisce.TheTJ.S.shipPreblewastosailforNew-Orleans on the 14th.SECOND DISP A TCH.Brown, the Committee appointed to draft resolutions, adopted:Retolved, That inasmuch as questions involving tho honor and future •welfare of „oux country are pending, and tobe paosud upon in tho^oming Precedentiale?ectkm,'vre shall hold the Republican NationalConventionresponsiblefortheselectionofcandidates for the Presidency and Vice-Presidency who are known to be identified with the Republican cause, and whose firm adhesion to. and open and feailtps support of our principles and measures, will give ample assurance thatif elected there will be no barren victory, but great and beneficial results to the whole country.ARRESTOF AN ALLEGEDMURDERER.about 200 men all told. Tbe following is a list of her • orHcere: Commander, George A. Prentiss; Lieute., 3. C. Howell, William P . A . Campbell, J . P . Careen; ;Surgeon,GeorgePeck; Master^.CJhaa.S.Norton;; Carpenter, Luther Maneon; Engineers, J. B. Kim-*-. bell, R. S. Harris, John E. McKay, and N . B. Sitting; •low, a United States prize, in charge of Lieut. Chap- man of the Saratoga.The Saratoga's men also captured the steamer Mira- mon,whicharrivedatnoon.tl at year Mr. Curtis left his home one afteraoon andwas never more seen alive by"any of his relatives orintimate friends. About nine days after his sudden andBUBWING OK T H E SHIP SARAH.Capt. Merritt of ship Sarah (before reported'burnt at*- sea), furnishes the following particulars of the- loss oiV bisship:"Sunday,March4,at8o'clockinthemora—- ing, discovered smoke coming up through the eabuvwith only a slight loss.Last evening an old man, named Samuel Brown, cibco dates to February 27, and telegraphic advices to dropped dead in the Bowery, near Canal street. Hisentrance fees on.tho spot. The meeting £<3journodtill \ Officer Slatterley, armed with the warrants, went to Monday evening.the 28th, arrived here last night.SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 27—12 m.body was taken to his late residence in Mulberry street, where an inquest will be held to-day. Brown was very miserly in his habits, and two or three bank books, found in his room, showed balances in his favor to the amount of $1,200. He lived alone, and his relatives, if he had any, have not yet appeared.Auburn, but Odell was not to be found there, and fromvarious sources he learned that he had lied to New- -0»e-York, or eastward. While in Auburn, the officer • SuNnAY-Saaoos. TEACXSRS' ASSOCIATION..-—Thelearned that Odell alias Clark had robbed Mrs. Brad- Monthly Meetiog ofthe Teachers'. Association ofthe ley of her jewelry, which he obtained possession ofunder pretense of changing it for better, as he did not Sunday-schools of the city and vicinity was haiki last,•ofthe StateonreceivingnewsoftheelectionofSpeaker of the House of Representatives at Washing real estate there. In an action brought hefore JusticeClarh-was stopping. Thence they traced him to Chad- by.fire. Kesner collected the iaeiarance^ $1*2%and; ton street, on theway to a place of amuaerasnt w i i ^acmefriends,andtoAhimincustody. !thenleftthe<ijty. After hisdeparture,itwasasoer- This prisoner was taken to ronce lleadquarlesa, , tained that he bad set the store on fire, evidently with,rich in one section, although evidences of silver havebeen found through tbe distance claimed. Hundreds' < apothegms or cempreesed and trenchant sorrow or upon them and "lic&ed the whole party, and beat one of other claims for miles arourd in the same region !joy, wit or wisdom, yet the effect of ther whole is man pretty badly. Somebody, he says, iook a-wajtreaty. First, that it would bring war. He thought. eral times Euiyeyed the city from the sand-hills. His higher rates. Butter heavy and drooping, via the it would prevent war. Second, that annexation woold principal Generals are Robles and Negrete. . All the Ittbmus, 30c. Cheese, L>®16c. Sugar, 500 barrels result. He considered our former acquisitions, and inhabitants fled at his approach. The city was in the Baltimore crushed,, by the St. Brigham, 13c.; 25 bar-rels New-York, 13^c, all on speculation; New-Orleansbest state of defense.being homogenous; and fourth, as to the danger three to four thousand men, well, supplied in every _ A large number of prominent citizens of San Fran- respect to scenes of pathos and the maeter-passion next, proceed to elect th«» following officers;' and tCeper»onor'cisco departed ye3terCay for the Washoe silver mines. persons receiving a majority of said representative*, aball be de-' Three hundred iron flasks were sent from San Fran- seems to be growing. Burlesque farce, African and clared elected.and progrces. Third, as to the population notof disunion from expansion. He regarded our expan- respect.mental—that a certain hardness of appreciation in the City ol New-York shall, on the second "WedntrUltij of May'sion as part of the law of growth, which wa3the condition of health. Retrogression is decay; ofthe Artillery. Ccl. Lane, an Englishman, com- than euough quicksilver to fill them already procuredand America is not exempt from this haw.more relished than the most excellent fluency of the Fire Department, tbe President of the Board of Trustees ^of the City of New-York, together with three meinhorVbf the The bill for the protection of California-bound emi- tearful or impassioned muse on the stage. What ex- American Institute of Architects, also three membei-^F'of*thegrants from bogus ticket swindling in New-York, by cites a throb of admiration in a- Parisian audience— Mechanics' institute ofthe City of New-Yor>_, eppointosffcy the Prc-.ident« of said Institutes, shall, by a majority of tLgwholeappointing an agent to reside there permanently, has beautiful poetry, even lachrymose sentiment (life is number, rominate to the Mayor ofthe City of New-York d ojpaeeecr the Assembly. r sad), in the mouth cf an impassioned, cultivated char- following officers: TelegraphicdispatchesfromthesouthpartofOre- Theamendmentwasadopted. MnSMITHthangof-We must, to fulfill it, take charge of Mexico, and if we city, mounting six 84-pounders. lb was thought thatcannot give it an orderly independence, guard itsweakness and-administer its estate. There was no this fcrt will be able to resist the approach of MiramonAmerican but had a lurking approbation of the elastic if the men a re faithful on the 16th ult. spiritwhichmadeusthegreatestpoweronthisconti- Col.Vivaddo,whocommandedoneoftheprincipalGen. Iglesjas is in command with Ampudia as Chiefmands the new sand fort recently erected near the from the new mines.Caucasian guffaws and " break-downs" appear to be The original section reads as follows:The President of the Fire Department l i e Treast^Sref thecieccrto Napa to-day, where it is stated there is morewhen out of Havana h&rbor. It was last heard of -at ma?eacre of Indians at several villages around Hum- a bore. For a people not wedded to "negro-min- Sieal. As ff>r as was known the plan was to land on boldt Bay by a party of 40 white men. On SundayMr. JOHNSON (Dem , Ark.l introduced a resolution guage.tf at the Fresidetjt commonicaTe any information in his•p s&ession relative to a certain Indian massacre ia • B e sa"d his former speech had been translated into the the coast at or near the mouth of Medelin River, and morning at daylight on the 26th, at Indian Island, op- strelsy" and the saw-dust jokes ofthe circus transferred as Inspectors, sbsll ea h pass an examination as to their knowl-posite the town of Eureka, and distant therefrom but a thence communicated with Miramon. Marin had on few hundred yards, more than 40 Indians were killed,laden schooner was known to have sailed on the 16th meantime.The progress and cor elusion are good. The plot of the tbe penal sum of $1,500. cond't'onal for the faithful performance reported and believed at Eureka that a simultaneous poem is followed pretty closely, except that the tragic of the duties of his cr their office, together with the certifioate,as hereinbefore provided for; and each one ofthe said Inspectors as aforesaid si.all be paid monthly for his services at the rate of* $1,WO per annum.Juarez is on the look out for this expedition. He hasThe Indtanolo was to tow gun-boats to action. Goi-under the inside walls of San Juan de Ulloa, ready to act in any emergency. Engliih, French, and Spanish vessels were at Sacrificios.The French commander and others visited Mira- mon's camp. The, raeult of the interview was un- known. Capt. Turner, ofthe Saratoga, had gone toMiramon's camp in behalf of the American citizens. The Liberals and American citizens were urging Capt. Jarvis to capture Marin's expedition, which headd a section to the above law restricting the term of services of Butjumpingoverothercharacters,letuscometo- theTreasurertofi-»eyears,andtheSuperintendent and-In- spectorstofourye"»rseach;providingalsothattheyshalldrawcouriawasaboardtheIndianolo.A fire at St. Paul, Min., on the 16th, destroyed with dispatches for Washington, Bays that Vera Cruz thirty-four buildings on Jackson and Robert streets. SENATE....ALnANT, March 19, 1860. was safe, bat he thinks Miramon will occupy Alya- Loss estimated at $100,000. No further particulars are rado.•'• known. The fire is supposed to have been the workacceeeion to the stage, and will improve in proportion as her experience of fife grows. She was well received andapplauded by.a large and brilliant au- dience.three-fourths of whom were women and children. Onor50moreweremassacred,thatcomprisingeveryhu- logueisclever. Someofthejocularitiesarepleasant. tbedutiesoftheiroffice,eachexecuteabondtotheCorporationattack was made the same morning upon the Indian villages on Eel River. From what was- known, notend is represented in the drama as a dream, and the a battery planted at the mouth of Medelin river. Six less than 200 Iodianr—m*n, women, and children— lovers came out good as new, and are made happy.commenced.I^ater From Havana.NEW-ORLEANS, Monday, Maroh 19, 1860. The .Steamship Habana, with Havana dates of the15th inst., has arrived.The nevpg is unimportant.Sugar dull at Dine reals.Exchange on New-York 2^ per cent premium.Fire in St. Paul, Min.hav* the selection of two each year at the time provided for in section 51.Retolved, That tho charge against the Republican party of sec- tionalism, and of seeking to perpetuate the agitation of the ques-that the Seminole will come to New-York when'.&&*•£''%Alvin Curtis, in the city above mentioned, in ths latter ;••Railroad Company.Bills were passed to amend the act relative to the The Mexican war steamer Marquez has arrived be- tion of Slavery, comes with ill-grace from the authors of the re- part of the year 1855. It appears that iu October of goes on her trial trip. « . _- ipartment. The result was as follows: 'Thomas Hoe of No. 16 Engine, received... Charles Kent of No. 11 Truck, received.John Wildey of No. 11 JtDgine, received Mr. Roe was declared elec.red.1,G86 votes. 977 votes. .' 219votes.MissBateman. This young lady is handtome, has agood speaking (not siDging)"voice, and displays rare in-telligence in tho rendition of her scenes. Her more which the meeting adjourned. pathetioefforts were her best. She is invariably ruledby good taste and a gentle, lady-like appreciation.DetectiveTiemann,assistedbyOfficerP.W.Slat-terlty of Oswego in this.State, last evening arrested amysterious disappearance, his body was found floatingin Oswego River* Upon the Coroner's inquest, and a floor and around the mainmast. Supposing tile"ship to-X-_beonfire,immediatelycommencedclearingawaythe-boata, the smoke increasing a'l the time. - Saw- a> came to his death by violence. Marks of finger-nails schooner under cur lee quarter, so we set our color%.were found upon his neck, and a wound was disclosed and hove the ship to. The schooner bore up for aay- when our boats were launched,'and such things as wev -poet-mortem examination, it appeared that the deceasedwhere upon a post mortem it appeared that he died of Having finished his business, Mr. Petty returned -which, however, were drowned, by several peals, of japoplexy. Mr. Otter wa3 a pianist by profession, and until recently wae one of the Directors of the Chatham Bank.home and laid the facts which he had heard, before Re- corder Harmon, who upon the affidavita of various per- sons issued warA-ants for the arrest of Odell upon his various aliases.thundering applause. About 18* persona -were present,many of whom, joined the Union by paving taeir ,000 Geisdarmes,or Carbineers. To these are to be added 4,000 Auetrians, or Bavarians at Macerata. Of these troops, 3,500 are at Pesaro, 2,000 at Aucona, 1,000 at TJrbiDO, 1,800 at Perugia, and the Dragoons at Rome. All these troops except the'Swiss, a r e organized after the French model, under the direction .of Cardinal Anto- nelli. Particular attention has been paid in the forma- don of the rifle corps to the selection of the men, as to their arms and equipment.mINTERESTING DECISION.—-By the laws of Pennsyl vania, iLcorporated companies of othor States are ex- cludedfromholdingabsoluteground-rent-deedsonTiemann, both of whom have since been on the watoufor the alleged murderer. by Mr. Balph Wells, Superintendent of tha Sunday-Pending tbia case, a woll^lr.esscd ^owan appeawd school connected with the church*. It wae^teae** tot o rat the Detective Office and made ^ ^ J * * n ^ * with the greatest interest.iiCarpenter informed him that he was arraated upon the, DUNKIRK, N . Y ., Monday, March 1VJ860. reservations of California, without any further expense HOMESPUN IN DEMAND The Richmond jHspaUlu charge of murder, Odell supposing previously that ha,. . ' >»Ar«re*nthisandthe Western Navigation^ojpoa b j t ^ j n ^ ^ Erie RaUroad^ m e r ^ O w e ^ from ^Cleveland,W K*w-Y ^. .i. ..i — — — ••• •fromToledo,arrivedyesterdayp.m- s*ii.e oxte for Toledo.< *J-htf>is?tf?.q>iM*'lhrfg9**fltf*y*J ?W?lished. Thetotal-numbwofIndwns&w«Stateis presentfacilities,%ofillthenumerousordersth^tpairIisndt**nsetatlibertybySerfea&tDloUon. Forsomemotttha tbe paattbieeor four year%h#has, h*je,n, ejiga^Qd. J'a |1:psvath* haskept cutofthe public highway*, andt*Wkp«Uo« ke»WV - -. • • ! • - •••, . . . , . . . . . - . . - • • . . . . ; • . , •• ' •' . - 'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Document*•-'-•'• •where,aftera while,Acting GeLeral-Superintenddutintenttodefraud the insurancecompanies. He was sent to BuSalo last evening in charge of an officer,fcwindling evervbodv be could. Representing himself asadetectivewornNew-York,hehasobtainedmoney ' fromvarious-personswherewithtochaseup'fu#'6vee,&c. Jle has passes over railroads and on steamboats,m«»t met last eveimrg at Firemen's Hall, in'MercerThe original section reads as follows: ._ The Inspectors, before entering on the diicharge of the duties 'NAVAL INTELLIGENCE.40 marines, and 15 officers; total, 135. The detachment of marines was under the command of Lieut. C. D . ' Hebb, U. S. M. C , and Lieut. Stark, U. S. M. C The sailors were in charge of Lieut- Bradford of the- •receiving ship North Carolina, The marines will allA detachment United States sailors and marines left ' here yesterday in the steamer Empire City for-Pehaa- - www.fultonhistory.com., .v-AJ.*.--./-rMsiiiiiaisuum•'»•'" *'--* OfMflWwvA^Jbt^^tW• " • " ~ " • " • • ' " •' • ' • ^ ' • c w . . .^ • - > ' . ^ y ^ j ^ ; Jv , :w ^ . . , , ; . , , . ,. .- -. -*• * , •••. . .... .. .' •, •., 