 IN L«HI'. J!1 itJIIIf ) »• <»f! Ijj. •J-» •It1 I«•ifrIfrom many causes, in no wise having affinity to politi- class comprise no less than 25,000 to 30,000 votes, scat- cal strategy or statesmanship. Neither Jackson, nor tered all over the south-eastern and interior counties.H6 is thoroughly edusated in the theory and princi- ples o f our Constitution and Government—familiar with all our civil and political history—a profound aud eminent lawyer, and combines more off the elements recessaryfor success in a statesman than any man, i t seems to.me, in our country.causetoua,wholivewithin.herbordersandknowthetemper and peculiarities of her people, he seems to be The Republican delegation t o Chicago ia com- the strongest man, with an unimpeachable record, yet pleted by the election of George Asbmun and Eras- offered. Gen. Cameron can carry Pennsylvania. W edo not say that " n o o'iher man can." I have nothing•events of that memorable conflict have no doubt faded away from the memories o f many; but those who do rememberthem,rememberthatthecauseofConstitu- tionalfreedomrestedinnosmalldegree*upon,the shoulders of Judge Day ton.If the nomination of the Chicago Convention shall felluponhim,neitherthestrongRepublicannorthe st'-called Conservative States, will be dissttisfied, for both will have obtained a candidete who fully repre- sents their principles. Neither will have obtained a tri- umph overthe other, and yetneither will have sustained a oieappointment. The union of the Opposition will he teemed, and its principles and its honor vindicated. The Republican States will secure the efficient aid of theOppositionpartyinNew-JerseyandPennsylvania, now dominant in both these States. The Republicanthough practically it is o f no consequence, neither the percussion nor the flint-locks having been culled into service.barrels of domestic liquors for Chaxleaton, while three hundred kegs of lager beer, to mitigate the drouth o f thegrtat unwashed, arealso included amongthe cargo. PerhapsnoveeseleverltfcanyportmoreTHE EKS8I»E38©Y-JOHN a P«EMOKT.citizens of Karnes County and Western Texas." l a •,i•••{a •V V**1"-*-WethinkherethatthefriendsofMr.Sewardoughtnot topress himuponus beforeitispossibletobring create vacancies in that body. If the'Governor firstvacantseatintheTexandelegationinCongress.ishedstatesman in the country, educated as such with greater precision and experience. A s a politician merely he is far below more than one man who stands near htm i n the relations of friendship. But states- manship alone is not sufficient to either attain or main- tain perfect success in politics in the United States. It secured J. Q. Adams the Presidency, and because i t was in his case mainly relied on for succees, it lost the Pieskenev to him in a second canvass.come to the rescue of the country from the hands o f the spoilers.- There are thousands.of men i n Pennsylvania,who can never b e induced t o go to the polls unless the candidate suits them. They belong to various small rebglous denominations, of rigid and peculiar creeds, not generally known in otber States. Their creeds and religious doctrines make them. Auti-S!avery in senti-ments. They are, however, generally averse to pol-"upon importations s o adjusted as to develop all our " American resources, and to afford adequate encour- " agement and protection to all departments of Amer- " icon Industry." This is a platform broad enough and substantial enough to hold the manufacturers of the East, the iron men of New-Jersey, Pennsylvania, and Ohio, the tobacco planters of Maryland and Vir-quivocally; and a majority o f these had placed hia name at their mastheads.The State Republican Convention assembled on the 22d of February, and numbered 133 member*. On the resolution t o instruct the State delegation to Chicago forGen.Cameron,one hundredandtwenty-eiglU voted"yea,"andfour voted"nay."he was appointed to that office, he could not be ex- pected to maintain that position afterward. B u t , npoint,of fact, I do not think he ever wasforthat will rally t o i t s standard every true Southron. Let us have a ticket that is to the ' manor born.'"MBM8 awaaaiajmwuwi asasaaa^a^^aei^MawaaaBz^^T•>p. n . <r&?Til l» XlMfir tr"**"ftjts^3S**ten» minds,yowr^Pew-TotirpoHtiosare ChicagoConventiontogivethispomtofjthe awunent,-:••• \mI I:,1m&i1 11I1 • : •••/a•i Aman'stranscendaatpersonalpopularitymayariseknowntothem,butSewardistheirfirstchoice.Thisidentmustbealmostafailure.,^ *~f>fy» *;v.M MInpolices,especiallyinthe UnitedStates,ifthirty-five ytars o f observation, have not misled me, there great principle atfctake,and unless they know the can-are three attributes o f success, which in point of im- didate to be sound on certain principles. A new man,portance rank in the order I shall name them, viz: Per- or one to them unknown, they generally refuse, to sup-sonal Popularity, Political Strategy. Profound St Jtes- port, lest they shou'd make a miatake. Bat they aremansbip. Around these cluster all minor influences generally acquainted with t h e name and characterand attributes. Each attracts more or less of all of Mr. Seward. They regard him as a pure.andthe others in partisan followers- Bat. neither upright man, and would generally vote for him nected with their several departments.is necessarily indicative of the oiher in any indi- from a senEe of duty. They would also support He has nnequaled executive and administrative vidual. any other Republican so .well a n d s o favorably ability, without which the. administration of any Pres-"Woeuntothoseatthe8outbwhohaveattempted toinveigleusintothesupportoftheArnoldDouglas.Barrison, nor Taylor, owed his strong hold upon the popular enthusiasm to any belief o f the people; i n h i s political cunning o r profound statesmanship. .T h eShould a man t o them unknown b e nominated, no earthly power could induce them to go to the polls.I enbmit that this item alone i s worthy the serioustus Hopkins, in District No: X. The Boston Coit-people were content to believe them hero-patriots, consideration of the Convention. If we lose this vote, ardentloversofoureommoncountry,andfriendsof whereandhowshallwebecertaintogainenoughtojustice toward individuals and nations, with practical compel eate the loss 1sense and moral courage to obey these impulses to the . 1 can speak only for Pennsylvania. After carefully'to offer against the favorites of others{ whether in orselfishdisplays. LetUBhaveliberalityinplaceof lianceistobeplaceduponthis. I thinkthedele- mocracystandinthesamerelationtoBlackRepublidisgraceful ac penaltyofdue the latter alte deliberately pi tionsand cries log and plunge stood OP. shore victims until t l have dawned their heels and a hay-stack, j shore, succeeo reecue hia littl^ him, acd such his mind, but ^ get assistance, and sitter we" before the bo< was entirely eCORW TAR^ against orowe farmer to tar s in warm wat not retard gen t o a g a l l o n <j m e l t e d a n d th< pour in aa mu freely. Thei ter of Pari<*. ordust. Thethat it shorJcend of every necessity. No merit can compare with, or withstand this conviction of a man when once en- grafted upon the national heart, and unblemished b yweighing and comparing all the fac'a and argaments in the.case, I am forced to the conclusion that Seward is the strongest man in Pennsylvania; I am aware that some timid Republicans difler from me, and thatproachable in all his personal relations of man to man, and of man to societv, and everywhere reputed for his talents, integrity, and patriotism. He is just the man for our standard-bearer in the coming contest. A citi- zen of the great " Empire State" o f the West, with large and varied experience, in the full vigor ot man- hood, " without fear and without reproach," with reason to judge and with patriotism to counsel, he would navigate the " ship o f State" i n t h e moattroubled waters, and with firm hand and eteady pur- pose, sail her safely through any sea of strife and dipcojd that faction can create, or sectionalism, for er-ror, produce.With Gov. Chase for a candidate, you "fire the prai-ries" of the great and populous ana conservative West, with energy and zeal for one who is the representative '-' of the true principles of our Constitution," and who has the courage and will to enforce them.The Presidency ia due to the West; let the accom- lished statesman " of the eldest born of the daugh- ters of the ordinance of 1787 have it, and vicWyor the other man, for which our energies are to be called forth.be watching for an opportunity to bring Gov. Banks To think that, after having chartered steamboats, in-recourse to strategy.When Gen. Scott was nominated for the Presidency, some cottonized "Americans" swear hard a t Mr.into the ring as a candidate for President or Vice- vited their friends, laid in large hampers of provisions Greatly desiring the nomination o f Gen. Cameron, President. Still, they may not s e e an opportunity and drink, undergone sea-sickness and the dangers of thehe had a most irresistible hold upon the popular good-will. No living man had it in an equal degree. A n d , s o living men, as opponents,' could nave despoiled him of it. He, 'only, could belittle himself in the mind ofthe nation. Ann he, only, did that unfortunate work, 1 and gave precedence to a man who could not compare with him in any one characteristic, except prudent vanity. In this he vastly excelled the hero general,Seward Mary of th»m would probably vote against him.. So tbey will against any one that we can nomi- nate JBut ihe great mass o f them—those who are Bincerely desirous of defeating the Sham Democracy— would soon become reconciled. Mr. Seward's com-.manding and superior talents, the no spotted purity of his public and private character, the uniform con- sistency of his long^ and eventful public life, and his well-known devotion to the Protective policy, wouldFROMBOSTON.what they will do. I d o not think they can bemade unanimoua upon either Seward, or Banks, or vote; this is, indeed, unlooked for, unkind. Theand came out ahead by standing still, while his rivalreceded from his own far-ahead starting point. I t soon satisfy every man here; who is not determined toApril 18,Their is a military imtute in progress here, the reBult of which no man can foresee. I trust it may not lead to the deatruction of that invaluable sys-PERTHAMBOY.was Gen. Scott's own untimely and silly letters and speeches, and foolish attempts a t political strategy, wholly foreign to both his innate character and nece»- «ities—strategy alike badly conceived atid awkwardly executed—his plate o f soup and In<»h-brogue clap- traps—that disappointed and disgusted the watchfulsense ©f the people, and sharpened the prudence and gave tclai to the silence of his comparatively obsoore c o m p e t i t o r .find some pretense to play into the hands of the De- mocracy.As to the "National Union" afFair, it will not hurt ns much here. . The .people remember the Fillmore trick of '56, and I predict that they cannot be caught in the same trap the second time. Let the Convention be equal t o the exigency o f the times. Let them b o l d l y p u t f o r w a r d t h e g r e a t c a p t a i n o f o u r o r g a n i z a -tem b y which we make any quantity of geaerals,colonels, mnjoTB, • captains, a n d corporals out o fprivate citizen?, at the trifliDg cost of sixty thousanddollars a year, besides enhancing the price o f whis-ky, cocktails, and military lace, by increaaiog thedemand for these products. The thing comes aboutin this way: Adjutant-General Stone has beenr e c e n t l y r e m o v e d f r o m o f f i c e b y G o v e r n o r B a n k s .menced yesterday.was concluded, we left the heroine in the hands of her guardian-, Mrs. Posey. T h e floral character of the f a m i l y n a m e s i s s o m e t h i n g e x t r a o r d i n a r y , b y t h e w a y l e t i t b e s a i d . T h e h u s b a n d a t o n c e w e n t t o a p r o m i n e n tThe people o f Perth Amboy, N. J., have reeently held & public meeting t o discuss the best means of inducing mechanics and manufacturers t o establish themselves in that ancient little city, and avail them- selves of its great natural advantages for the prosecu- tion o f various kinds o f butinets. They have alsoa p p o i n t e d a c o m m i t t e e t o t a k e s u i t a b l e m e a s u r e s f o r t h i s p u r p o s e .• •itics,,a^d most ofthemnevervoteunlessthereisat i o n , e n u n c i a t e o u r p r i n c i p l e p l a i n l y a n d e x p l i c i t l y , Gen.Scottthroughafewidleandmisplacedeffortsat thatbewhornnsmayread,andourvictoryinNo- TotheEditorofTheN.Y.Tribune.H e w a s f i r s t a p p o i n t e d b y G o v e r n o r B o u t w e l i i n3851or1852,andhasmaintainedhisposition lawyer,andpaida.fee;thenstatedhiscase;thenall PerthAmboywassettledin1698,andincorporatedT h e w e l l - e a r n e d p o p u l a r i t y o f y e a r s w a s l o s t t o•elf-humiliation, m which the keen instincts of the vember will net only be complete but permanent. ' J. Jtf.SIR: I beg to present a few reasons, briefly ex-pretEed, why, in my judgment, the National Conven-tion to be held at Chicago should place in nomination You will easily understand that h e must have their vigils. On Wednesday morning a writ of habeas dence of the Governor and the place of meeting for theSibBc mini saw on. y a silly motive of self-laudation.at for these, he would have held the tens of thou* aads• •.:,. VflLLIAM L . DAYTON.where h is Queen, Rose and her guardian Po+ey keptseat of Government for East Jersey, and was the resi-•flfrt.-H?id'1 M•Mrpoint. Themanwho'Usuppoisedtohave*re-" ceived, unjustly, the chief glory o f the hour" i sState. We heUeve that, he* did better service to ouf Govl Banks.. Col. Bi I i Parker is one of the Gov- this h e says that b e was given by the Convention"that worst of all epithets written—AK.ABOtmow-lemvu*, whichever partyfe considered. I i a v e sup- mits himself. l ^ f c ^ A ' A ^ W ' ^ ^ ^ ^ f h S ' Republican party who have been nanied as candidates, standard. There are honest prejudices to be removed take notJce o f the event in some way or other. A s bama has a four-days' speeeh against Douglas for the-<r, ^-^-b^-lri*^^?^^nation of a man who may secure the supporlof * Gon- Tftuum, N. jr., Api044,;ja«aB servative," Anti-Repuplican, orextraneous voters, andteem never to dream of any danger of losto&on tbe ;Republicantide;»I entreat evety member oftoe«tw»««*pu»*«*ndairtumbjfog-bloek. Itscarcelyis hiscandidandunbiasedconsiderationbeforeh£ J SIB: AmongthemanydiBiingnlshedmenofth'l thepopularmindofthisStateuptohissupposed means.tomaintainanykindofdiecipline,hemust •—IthavingbeenstatedthatMr.YanceyofAla-ported Jackson; I have supported Van Boxen for a a temporizing pohcy they rnayeas«ly; lose more .than for the Presidency, there is no one who has more or —prejudices not merely touching his supposed ultraismsoon as he returns frem New-York a crisis i s e x - Charleston Convention, The Clevelani Plaindcalercalculates the cost of the oration thus: " 600 delegatesA ship-load o f Democratic politicians sailed from will be kept waiting at $4 a day, which is $24,000, andfirst term, and opposed him for a lecond term; I have they would glinV 3&e first duty of the g g j g * ^to unite and consolidate dor own organization, and higher qualifications for that office than Qov. Chase, ofrrpported Harriaon, and Polk, and Taylor, and Pierce, then go before the J ^ t f ^ - P ^ g ^ f ^ ^ . Ohio; :';• '•;' 'V • :%Pi;: - • ' and,last,Col.Fremont. BuiineverycampaignNew- theirintelligence,andrelyinguponthetruthofour Fortwenty;yearsGov.Chasehasbeentheste9dy,on the queBtion o f Slavery, but on other questions. Hia late speeeh is having an excellent effect, nut there is not time now for it to work its full effect. The great valueofMr.Sewardasamanwouldrenderadefeatj<j-{•>r:,"; ?•••: SALMON P. CHASE._ TotieEditorofTheN.Y.Tribum. -Sone in any other way. ;Here is; .rebellion among the house- It is rumored that Parker, and one orIST." He then announces himself a candidate for thethisportforCharleston,S.C,onFridaylast. 7oik polities have been alike, to my comprehension, a principlesX support; ^ ^ " ^ ^ able, and powerful advocate of the principles of Jef-. under his banner doubly disastrous; so let UBnot nom- The most prominent and influential of the delegates,15,000outsidersatthesameratewinmake$600,000."—The Southern Confederacy, a paper, the «iM con-servatismofwhosesentimentswsnevertireofadmir-puzzle. * They are so nowt though lees on the Pepub- inddlscassioh a majority would approve o u r princi- inate him until we can make sure o f success. This, Ihowever, were not on board. Gen. Cushing w a s inWashington,aDdreportaayawillremainthereBeanthanontheDemocraticside. Iwrite,then,to ples;theywouldnaturallyroteourticket. Butifwe fersonandthefathersoftheConstitutionon thethink,wecandofouryearshence. influence noNew-York politician. I writewitha ihouldfailtogettheapprobationofamajority,weare• Slavery queetion. And his opinions are entirelyin KUtanninff,April7,I860.J»c. >andnotgoto the Convention. Gen. Butler and ing,hasarecentleaderproposing toanswertheques-dear conviction that if Mr. SewardbetheChicago doomedtoanotherdefeat,forallthatIcansee,though accordancewiththeConstitution. HeholdsthatwhileEominee hewCBsweep theState,withthousandsto we "manage"eversoshrewdly. Ihivenoideathat Congresshas:noauthorityover Slaveryin theStates, the propagandists and. their dooghfaced allies will a l -••••*.. — • PENNSYLVANIA—GEN. CAMERON.gp*r*.. Ithink,nevertheless,nodoubtcanbeenter- lowustostealamarchuponthem. ItisimpoBsible ithasthepowerofexclusionintheTerritories,andit TotheEditorofTheJVLY.Tribune.tion,WhatcourseshouldtheSouthernStatespursueif Douglas i s nominated a t Charleston ? Th* editorial opens with this pointed sentence:" The South has nothing to fear from a dissolution of the Union, but everything to gain.".A few intermediate lines o f rhetoric lead to the fol- lowing opinion, expressed with equal clearneei:" The nomination of Judge Douglas by the Charles- ton Convention, by the combined vote of the North would,inourestimation,beanovertactoftuffieienl importance to caase a dissolution." , ; . / ;Tbe writer thus, lome what obscurely, goes on:" When that party, representing a meager mmority Ofdoubtfulproclivities,sofarforgetstherightsofthetained o f a like result if CoL Fremont should be the nominee.to gain the election; unless the people are really in f a - vor of Our principles.. •.is the duty of Congress to exercise it.He believes it is the duty of the General Govern-Sm: Of the mass of correspondence touching " the Presidency," published in THE TRIBUNE lost week, [ notice a letter over the signature of •" Keystone,"But if any other sum should be the nominee of theChicago Convention, I shall not be disappointed if the apparent. Every opponent of the Slave Power, every ment t o afford protection to life and "property on the written from Philadelphia. From the tenor of the Carolina. The Rev. J . C. Lovejoy, who is said toDemocratic nominee were to carry the State, madly a s Jon and others may judge the idea to be entertained, [ost especially shall I expect this, if either Joseph Lane of Oregon, or Guthne of Kentucky were that nominee. Stra»ger--fiarmorestrangeresultshaveoc-curred in the history of New-York politics. Again*ifMr.Sewardbenominated,IdeemPenn- svmnia a very doubtful State for the Republicans, and especially against either Lane or Guthrie; while if Fremont were the candidate. I believe Pennsyl-friend of Freedom and Free Labor, every advocate of protection to American industry—because Seward is a well-known protectionist—would fly to his-support. It would unite all the hosts of freedom, and protection, with oneloud acclaim,from theSt.John'stoSan Francisco. ,\Therewould benoneed oftellingourownmen who our candidate is. There would be no time lost in assuring our own associates that our candidate is com- petent and reliable, as we should have to do if somelakes and rivers, by making all necessary appropria- tions for the improvement of their navigation.He is the friend and advocate of the Homestead Bui;ameasurecalculatedtobenefitinthegreatest possible degree for all time those whose avocation, iscommunication I infer that the writer did not so much intend to make a statement of facts as to gratify a feel- ing of personal dislike toward General Cameron. O s- tensibly,hedesirestocontradicta"falsereport,"now pretty widely circulated, to the effect thai Gen. Simonhave been concerned i n t h e rescue o f Shadrack, probably withholds himself from t h e same cause, and Mr. John C. Tucker, J understand, goes as his substitute. Tuckerisnotbeyondreproach,forsince he went off. a meeting of Democrats'has been held in his Ward, which has denounced him as but little better than a Republican. To-day we have rumors that Collector Whitney has abandoned the Douglas men. Iamnotawarethatheevercommittedhim-,vania and New-York alike sure, though not by equally one should Denominated. Every man would be ready large majorities, for the Republican ticket. to organize and prepare for the contest, and appeal Mr.Sewardmustbeconcededtobethemostfin- unitedlytothehonestandintelligentofallpartiestocrops,anareaptherewardofhislabor,andattheendof five years, by paying $10 in to the Treasury of the claims to preference at the hands of the Chicago Con- self to them, except for the purpose of getting some slaveholding States as to thrust upon them a disguisedAnd now the availability of Mr. Seward becomes,the cultivation^ of the earth. When a man of small Cameron is Pennsylvania's choice for the Presidency.means can go and locate upon 160 acres of land, buildhis cabin, plow his field, sow hie seed, gather h isHis real purpoee was, I conclude, t o misrepresent the fcentimentof theStateaaregardsthatgentleman'sGovernors a respectable and wealthy population gathered there, and a considerable oommeree w a s carried on, not only with tbe other colonies, and with the mother country, but with Spain and Portugal, and tbeirdependenciesinAmerica,towhichlargequan- tities of wheat, corn, provisions, and lumber, were exported.The Revolution put a sudden stop to the progress of sackedeveryactof:;hi»Kfe,astbeydidofJackson's,blindper?OEaldevotiontoJudgeDayton,thatimpe.*othercircumstances,actwiththeshamDemocracy. ficientlywellqualifiedfortheplace.Gen.Stone,gation,whichoccupiedfourmonths,coDomunicatsdtoPerthAmbor.Theprincipalinhabitants,manyotsot known to the country, even at this day, a* a poll' tidan. Nor ia,his wide popularity the result of aoyantagonist of any other candidate. I f i t shall be the deliberate judgment of the Convention that the nomi-with it Governor and Legislature—thus securing two United States Senators.them with great facility. For what reason ho is discharged, I do not know, but probably becauseabout fulminating a thunderbolt.' Belore this waspreeminence as a statesmaaQt But, the people belieee nation of any other candidate will o e the beat policy of mm, as tbey love to believe of a man open to theirready for launching, however, Mrs. Posey wilted, and 2. G«n. Cameron is possessed of personal popularity Col. Sehouler, who is his successor, is thought by his the husband embraced hia wife. End of tragedy, .s«j-f,o/t*-tbathepossessesthespiritofaHerv Pai- fortheRepubicftnparty,thedelegationfromN*w- r-iot—ti.atheis$-manofresolatedevotiaa.toJerseywill•acquiesceinthatjudgmentordefertoit,hi» copxtry—beiievea in the rigut. and has withallproperrespectandobedience.gieaterthannayothermaninorontofoarState.Ho bfis many tmo and zealous friends in every County of :beS'ate,whowouldrallyunderthe Republican ban:S'xeellency to have greater claims t o consideration onpoliticalifnotmilitarygrouu3s. Whichiathe best; military man, I cannot tell, for I am no judge of the matter. Mr. Schouler has been iu the service—Itisreported;:ongoodauthority,thattheFirsv. Church in Bangor, Maine, of which Dr. Pomroy, late one cf the Secretaries of the Boaid of Foreign Missions,moral courage to uphold it against all op-po»ucg forces. Hi^ enemies have si'ted aad ran- It i s not opposition t o any other candidate, nor a rer, with him as its rtacdard- bearer, that might, under for twenty yeara o r more, and I presume i s suf- baB been long a member, have, after a careful investi-a» they c>d of Harr&ba'*, aid as they did of Taylor'e. Aid still he &topd ou: before them otJy as the burnish- ed i<oJd—brighter from every collision, and stronger inthe grtat body cf the Opposition party in New-Jersey to advise hia nomination, but simply the strong con- vicion that it would contribute to the succe33 of the3 In the m'ning and manufacturing districts, such us Philadelphia, Schuylkill, Luz«rne, Barks, Alle- gheny, &.O., Gen. Cameron would command a larger vote, by many thousands, than we could aope for withhowever, is acknowledged to be a good officer, andlo have done much to improve the appearance of thehim the assurance of their cordial and entire forgive- nese—declaring him entitled to all the rights and privi-whom held office under the Crown, and, in fact, most of the people, were loyalists, and gTeat numbers of them were driven into eailo and their property confis-»vtry successive onslaught that was made upon him. Republican party, and of Republican principles a«t well. liny o'her of the candidates named.militia. Some of his eulogists say he has helped toncrease its " efficiency," but a s there never has leges of a member in good and regular standing, and ated. The place, being occupied alternately by theNor, throughout thefspirited canvass that he endured, di«J he utter a. word, . write a line, o r d o a n act, o fIt is of the gieateet importance to both, that a candi-uilectionately commending him to the tympathy andontending armies, suffered immense damage, houses I eing burned, orchards cut down, aud the surronnding < cuntry hid waste. The town recovered slowly from I herre injuries, and its wealth having departed with the royalists,itbadnocapitalwithwhichtorevivethe commerce that had been ruined by the war.4. Gen. Cameron is entirely acceptable to the Coua-which his friends had-osctsion t o b e aehamdd, or of date b e nominated who can carry New-Jersey and tiescf Bradford, T<oga, Suaquehaua, &,c. This Ikaoxc, bly never will b e , i t i s difficult t o s e e h o w confidence, and fellowship of the ohurches.which his adversaries obtained a feather-weight o f aeVantsg*.How, then, did Be lose the election? asks a by- stander. Not through *ny fault of bis own, northrough anydefectofhischaracter. Nosensiblemanofany party ever doubted, dn the day after Mr. Buchanan's election, or since then, tkat CoL Fremont too* the first dunce,oftheAmericanpeople,lefttotheirvoluntarytx-prtttonofjudgment.Say how Pennsylvania was lost to Fremont, and you havetheexactsolutionofthefirstquestionasked. That State was notoriosly for Fremont's election. M r . Buchanan himrelf could scarcely promise otherwise t o hisfriendsoutofthatStateastheelectionapproached. Tkat is a fmctknovm to the history of that campaign.Pennsylvania—States which the Republican party, ptr««,neverhascarried!. Untilrecentlv,the ideahasfrom having been a member of bur late Stats Couven tion, andthenandthereseenandcoDvarsedwith many persons from those Counties, and witnessing the votes of the delegates from that entire portion of ourState.5;GeneralCameron'srecordinfavor ofprotectionbeen any occasion to anake use of.it, and proba- its comparative efficiency with the militia of formertimescanbeestimated. Gen. Stonewasinstru- mental in arranging the details o f the great muster at Concord last year, which astonished the country peoplewithabrilliantarrayofbright-coloreduni- forms, and doubtless would, have struck terror t o—Mrs. Cbeenut of South Carolina, the Vice-Regentof the Mount Vernon Association in that State, iseighty-five years of age. She was one o f the younggirlswhostrewedflowersinhiapath,when,in1789,Washington w a s received with public honors a t and 12 from Sandy Hook. I t stands o n a beautifulTae Suae was lost to Fremont through the imbecility ofhisfriendsandthesuperioractivityandstrategyof his opponents, against right and against the hoaest eoQvictionsofrepententnumbers.are just what these States raquire. Agooddealissaidabouttheproprietyofnominating6. All the elements of opposition in Pcnusjlvaniiare thoroughlyunitedonCameron.—The recent duel between Gov. Bliss and Dr. Stone ofOregonseemstohavebeenapublicaffair. Itis said that six hundred peraons were present, but yetnp their own idols for the support of the masses. Maytherenotbeafatalerrorinthis1 Ifthepopu- lar confidence cenver* undeniably in one man, is it notStieh a confession would be self-slander. On the con* t r a i y , t h e " C h i c a g o C o n v e n t i o n s h o u l d s i g n a l i z e t h e truly conservative character of the Republican party,to defeat them.IX T h e D e m o c r a c y s h o w e d t h e i r w i s d o m i n n o m i n a t - m e e t t h e m a t t h e P a r k e r - H o u s e . H e c o n s e n t e d .revailed in some quarters that the Electoral votes of?iew-Jereey might b e dispensed with; but since theThe present population of Perth Amboy is estimated tobenearly3,000.Thecityis21milesfromNew-YorkConnecticutandRhodeIslandelections,thisdoesnot appear to be a eafe or wise policy.Tie was so aui The Commi actauthori/.a;to American Industry; in favor o f a just HomesteadpartyinNew-JerseythatJudgeDaytonwouiabethe bill,andofpreemptionrightsto'actualsettlers;and theheartsofEuropeandespots,ifanyofthemhad Trenton.two States. Oor delegation to Chicago wiU represent thisopinion. ThePennsylvaniadelegation,whatevermay be the preferences of the delegates, will, it is notdoubted, cheerfully concede the ability of Judge Day- tontocarrythatSta^e. HisstrongRepublican,strong ington. conservative, and strong tariff record and reputationthatMr.Salamanca,theMadridbanker,hasbecome joint contractor of the New-York, Erie, Ohio, and Mis- sissippi Railways, connecting the Atlantic with theto extend the Mr. FARI.ERetchrd, Th» ton KcUy and 2 tVndedlieri.'ut laturo.K r . G x K K T sive. Imov *4 those mem fencedtherij the LeeuJatuMr. BRADTMr. Boot z it on tbe lubh Mr. BRAL T Mr. ST AR*abolishing tin T h e r e a o l u t to include useState.A report oithe Board c f Commit ee.ASpecial operate wi< h t up the city toThe reeoluti was laid over. The CoramingPolkin1844,andPiercein1852,neitherofwhom Thebilloffarewas sumptuous. Gen. Tylerpre- most hazardous to pass him and tike a man of doubtful by nominating for the Presidency some illustrious con- poeseeeed the same strength a month before the' meet- sided, o f course. His principal business is presid-strength TCoh Fremont is no more to-day, than he was fouryears since, a trained politician. He is as artless now asthenofallstrategyhavingreferencetoekhera nomination o r a n election. He is surrouaded by no poll seal clique o f huogry spoilsmen and would-be plunderers ox the pnb'ic treasury; he is heralded by no drilled cordon of trumpeters.servative Republican—some statesman whose xecord ing of the Convention n s does Gen. Cameron a t thisand whose reputation are distinguished for devotion time, and neither was obnoxious to any portion of thealike to the Constitution and to Freedom. Not only party.docsitowethistoitsowncharacterandhonor;butit 10.Gen.Cameronhasnotincurredthediepleoaure would be the wisest policy; for a statesman of.Buch of.either'of the other candidates, o r o f then friends,ing at public dinners and marshaling public proces-sions. There seems to have beeu only o n e Vice-President, Col. E. -G. Parker, th e biographer o f New-York Conference. Mr.Choate,andoneofthe Governor's staff. In-Ho if emphatically, as he ever has been, since firstpeople. IhecharacterofJudgeDaytonisemphaticallysuchIf the Chicago Convention be wise, it will nominate as is re quired to meet this exigency. In the Senate he him a s t h e standard-bearer o f their organization. was a Conservative o f the Conservatives, and a Re-nosacrificeofprincipleisrequired. Taevoiceof Gen.Tylermadeaspeech,ofwhich wehavebuta youngmen. Abrotherofthebridewentoutofthe tuns. Coalissellingthereatretailat$4pertun,and Pennsvlvania should not be disregarded. small coal for manulacturing purposes at $3 12 per tun12. With Gen. Cimeron as our candidate, victory Is slight report. AmoDg other things he ventured the bonEe and pursued the serenadere; one of them turned by the cargo.duplicatecop Laid over.Mr. Boor.K offered by him in tbe Control to 12.000. W posed that lietereats of tha self, andki.iv thecity.The City In hisexpendituiSaiuie*. Cl«*oin; S Markrtf • Ccntiu(tfaAboH'i;..-n Ordered orbusiness, adjoB The Boardnoon, Mr, Jo . A oommuz jrpector, statu Board at th<Superintende violations o f the oierks of occurred. ABy xesoluti mionerwaddi theHarlemI io Fortv-tecoMr. COSTK: •alary of the TVbiintendt-ctj lerred.On motiot requested to leicee, aiuti whether KU; either utu?er"A paper w tenderingtn< members o f xighUj of ti e" company rose spontaneously and gave nine tre- For one, I speak of CoL Fremont only as I know vailed in former times', according to which Con- POSSIBILITIES AND PROSPECTS I N PENN- " mendous cheers." I f tbey had given five morehim on the record.. 2 have never seen him or his gress had an undeniable right to prohibi'. SlaverySYLVANIA.there would have been one chaer a piece, for therem the Territories, he opposed from thefirst,and him or any other candidate in any form; and I speak: alwavs, the«e new isms of the,Slavery exteoaioniats•** an Eastern man, hav.ng knowledge of and impulses which they have at las* imposed upon the Democratichweommon with thepeople in theEast. Evenin party. Aslorg t»goas1845,during theconsideration partscf thecountry,itmaybewelltogiveyourreai-wereonlyfourteenpersonspresent. Isitcustom- tbeir Cbnimander-in-Chief Thandwriting,noramItheexpectantoffavorfromTotheEditorofTheN.Y.Tribune.of the admission o f Xexae, h e took detided groundagainst the extension o f Slavery, and against tamely} leldag to the threats of its propagandists, and proph-esied that i f those threats were met with concession pztly—Western Pennsylvania.,politician.whose wishes are afather to their thoughts. and compromises, they would be constantly renewed It ia generally known that iu Pennsylvania at largeIf I had iot already s o far trespassed upon your thereafter. Wlier ever the question recurred, while he the Oppotition ia known by the general appellation of —lxatja>} I >ould illustrate further the suggestions and was in the Senate, he took a leading and a determined :he " People's Party;" but in Western Penney Ivaniacity: . . heavy transportation, and espeoially for such as require '* At three o'clock yesterday afternoon the Keystone large amounts of ooal. irou, o r lumber, Perth AmboyMa>s there may be seen a battle-ground whbh, for any oner candidate than Fremont, may speak dism*y on the'ay of battle, stronjr as the hold of Republican- ism mav be there represented t o b e b y strategicalers an idea'of the terinB and sentiments generally pre- vailing in our local division o f the great RepublicanGen. Stone followed Gen. Tyler. < I suppose h ewas nearly overcome by his emotions, as is custom-,ary with gentlemen honored by compliments of thiskind; hut I find no record of the fact. His speech, in the same sparseness of acoommedations upon between it and the great markets of New-York and however, was *' characterized by deep and earnest water. The passengers are very handsomely provided Philadelphia. A n extensive manufactory o f a x - feeling;" 60 I suppose he omitted none of the usual for, and will live like Presidents from the time o f handles and spokes has recently been transferred hereadmonhions vhich I have here presented. But as I am writing in arrange place ( I mean from home) t o a stranger, and per naps strangely to your judgment, I wilXefer to smother opportuDity.-rfprUlO,!*^, * AGalCOLA FROM MAIME.GOV. REWARD IN PENNSYLVANIA.T* 1h* Xdifrf Th* N. Y. TrQymu.Sin: Th» Chicago Convention must adhere to the Philaderpha platform in terms and spirit. We cannot »owrcee4fromthathighgroundwithoutdashingour noblewrtyintofragments,andwithoutincurringcer-tain sad overwhelming defeat. All the zealous votariesofjar cause would flee from us as sheep flee a kenneL j&verymanalittlefamiliarwiththetemperoftheRe- publican masses will readily admit that they will take no steps back ward at this stage o f the "irreprestible •onfilefc"The duty, then, of the Convention is plainly this: a Beaffirmation o f the Philadelphia platform, and the nominationofamanwhoisknowntobeheartilyand hoacetry in favor of the platform. Anything short of Ibis would drive out of our ranks thousands of our beet sadmostactivemen.The mistake that your correspondents maseistbia:position against- the extension o f Slavery. In 1850,when so many faltered, h e stepped forward, first a tleast, and perhaps ablest, among those which wereconsidered conservative statesmen, toresistthe ag-gressions of Slavery, and to maintain the principles o fthe Constitution, and the authority and dignity of theGovernment agaiBst Pro-Slavery threatsof treason and « ere members of the American Order. Large num-starting until tbey return to the city. The larder o f formulas required. He gave some valuable statis- tbe ship )Bmunificently supplied. A constant streamdhunion. The Fugitive-Slave law found in him a most bers cf raturalzed citizens act with us, between whom effective opponent, because while acknowledging thementoftheConstitution,butia violation ofit. The I'thinkMr.Seward isthefirstchoioeofamajorityi *1measures o f the National Administration in their at- temptstoforceSlaveryintoKansas,andotheriniquit- ous measures, mat e him entirely acceptable, on the great leading principles of our new organization, to the entire oppotition to the present ruling po wer at Washboundary, while Princess Bay and Staten Island Sound or)theothersidesaffordaueasycommunicationwith New-York at all seasons of the year, throe steamboats running daily at fares ranging from 10 to 25 cents. The Staten Island Hailroad, no*" on the eve of completion, willsoongivehourlycommunicationwithNew-York, and still greater facilities will be afforded by a railway toRabway,onlyt{ milesdistant,whichwillconnestPerth Amboy with the New-Jersey Railroad.Mojor-GeDeral Sutton, and Major-General Morse, joinedinaremonstrance'totheCommander-in- cidedRepublican. TheRepublicanNationalConven- withouttheElectoralVoteofPennsylvania.Gen. Chief,whichimpertinencehetreatedwithsilenta conservative candidate, as distinguished from a' de-7. No Presidential candidate has ever yet ausceededTheharborofPerthAmboyisoneofthebestand If such be true, why is not Fremont the most prom- tion should give no countenance to the assumption that Cameron could carry i t certain, and with a better contempt, a s w a s most proper. I n d u e that " order prevailed." A letter describing the affair safest on the coast. Almost any resael that can en- inent among the candidates for nomination at the Chi- there is a contrariety between these two terms. It chance for New-Jersey and Illinois than any other time, C ol. Schouler w aa commissioned btates that at the first are Dr: Stone fell to the ground, ter New-York harbor oan reach the wharves at Perth cago Convention ? should signalize the conservative character of the Re- candidate named. and qualified, and Gen Stone became a private Bupponed to be mortally wounded, the ball o f hia op- Amboy, without hindrance from shoals or obstructions of any kind. The port is accessible at all seasons, theI answer, as I believe, solelv because politicians are publican party, and not ignore it. To go outside of the . 8. The Democracy, as seen by their newspapers, aud citizen. Farewell, for him, the b ig wars, and eke ponent entering the left thigh, and piseir-g through hia losing sight of the beatings of the honest popular heart, party for a conservative candidate wouid be a practical as ia well knov*n from acknowledgmenta, in all politi- the big mnstera. Notbiog remained but a big din- entiro body. The ball of. Dr. Stone strack the groundstrong tide which sveeps around Sta'en Itdaad pre- venting the formation of ice sufficient to obstruct navi- gation even in the coldest weather. Tne port charges a r e e x c e e d i n g l y m o d e r a t e , a n d l a b o r i s p l e n t i f u l a n d cheap. Tbeplaceispeculiarlywelladaptedtobecome a great c<al depot. It is the nearest aud beet harbor on the Atlantic sea- coast, accessible by available rail- road connections wiih the anthracite coal districts of Pennsylvania, and with Uie Western lines of railroads stretchingintotheinterior,iatheirvariousramifica-and, m the conviction o f a certain suciess, are setting confession that the party i s not itself conservative. cal circles dr6ad his nomination as the-one most likely ner. Fourteen gentlemen requested Gen. Stone toBorne ten feet in front of his opponent.—The Rev. Mr.Kettell, who says that if John Wefcley *aid that American Slavery waa the " sum o f all vihainws," be must have been blinded by prejudice, is the Presiding Elder of the Rhinebeck District of the(KMUR IfJ1-&.CI JOKKK ill!r?remontwouldhavebeenaprematureeffort,anda mere waste o f his great/influence in that importantFremontin1856,hasnowissuedanaddresstoFROMHAV De Soto, J. i> leans on the 1 inst, arrived ^,inat.—running TheDeSoto OrleanstoHaibonis from Ba took a strong , plunging see, s had a regular i uponleavingtl of hours.Nothing:of« vanasince the hadsettleddev tine, visiter* m for a cooler la*On Sunday, the Civil Secre inspection t o tended b y tb< BeglaComp^r pitted, is of in ageof300,0(X)At 4 o'clod screw steamer big, sailed for!A SHOCKS c son of Mr.J, drowned, unde Elkhart Revxn" Little Jimr home for the la Wednesday art a boy'about a boys^moveni^Tj Eody, who is e isineffectasfo proceededuptllogcroesen it, j Creek. Th's I ahead and Jimion's clothes.. which is here 8 walk, off of * had not been 1 came along, o could not have otherbeing] demanded o f commenced lis ting down on i tonal prop*nsi on the bank, ieneral cause by doing what he did than he ooald haveernor's staff.hold troops. twoothermembersofthestaff,willbeinvitedto•Collector "Whitneywentbyland. Mr.Hallettand Dr . Loring remain at home, detained by illness i n their families, or, more likely, being themselves in- disposed—to attend! Being originally Abolitionists of the strictest sect, they are probably in fear of lynch law if they are found within the limits of Southvention. hypocrite, let. them reap a s they have sown. A n d oftheirvotesintheStateConvention,andthiswas shouldanySouthernStateproveinthatConvention of becoming as independent as any man on earth. The facte, briefly, are these: Previous to the assem- a fraud allowable b y all the rules o f Democratic particips criminit to so foul a deed, we trust enough He believes "thatour Government must b e sup- bling o f th e Republican State Convention last Feb- tactics. Mr. Whitney is Mr. Buchanan's Collector will be left whose escutcheons are untainted to retireruary, nine out of every tenof the Opposition papers," ported b y revenues derived through duties levied of Pennsylvania had declared for Gen. Cameron une- of the Port of Boston. If he was for Douglas before from the plot bouse of treason, and nominate a ticketGovernmentgetapatentfortheland,heisinthewayfinia, and the rice and sugar and cotton growers of theouth.He is in favor of an honest and economical adminis-tration of the General Government, and of holding all terms. Philadelphia ia the headquarters of opposition and no party except themselves. They will be gov- ection with the Charleston Convention. It is slguifi- officials to a personal discharge of the duties of theirplaces and to a rigid accountability in all matters con-to Gen. C , yet Philadelphia sends a delegation to Chicago four-fifths of whom, we believe, are Cameron men. ' .«themselves out of,tne successful candidates before factious and unreasonable. She ia for Cameron, be- they go in.But the cruelty of the next sentences we quote is beyond all precedent; is it for this that the Democracy of the North have labored and bowed down T"The truth is, the Free 8tates who are in hopeless minorities, for instance Massachusetts and Ohio, should not b e permitted t o cast tbeir votes as though they were m tbe habit of giving Democratic ^majorities. I tthem; conservative i n character, upright and irre- the triumph o f a great principle, not of this, or that, Seward. Most o f those who are against him will but a thin partition.' "will be with the friends of Freedom.G E N . S I M O N C A M E R O N .OHIO,which constituted his majority and preeminence at theopeningofthecampaign. TotiuEditorojTteN.Y.Tribune. asourPresidentialcandidate,Gen.CAMIUO*ofthispracticedverysuccessfullythemilitarycorpuawasappliedfor,obtained,andservedontheLegislatureandchiefCourtsoftheProvince.Subse-Young as CoL Fremont is, no living manhas equal Sm; A t the Chicago Convention, the friends, of State:hold upon the popular mind of this nation with him- Judge Dayton wiil urge his nomination upon no local 1. With him as our candidate, ,we cou'd, beyond aself. This is not the result o f any definable political or personal grounds; nor will they present him as an doubt, cany the electoral vote of Pennsylvania, aud strategy peculiar to himself; for, individually, he ismaneuver known as " right about face", and though guardian. Mrs. Posey sent word to the honorable quent to the war, it was the capital of the State ofcoat.^ crows.PU.The Board Pxcx'in the( Mr . COR.VKI be discharged of Central Paoinformally by been advertiseTbe Preeide the Sanitary i Messrs. Starr, and Brady.The 8tren TompkinsUa but recemmen tional backing tothetuneofPenosyIvania ia for Cameron; but she will not befor reaeons just stated, I am yours, for right, Harriabury, Pa., April 10,1860.M. H. G.to vote for him during the entire session of the Con-vention. It is o f very little use t o speculate as t odeep, the delegations from the Northern States, unhap- pily free, ahouRl be told that they ought not to throw aFrom Our Own Correspondent.B O S T O N ,Chase, or Bates, or McLean, b u t they might b e upon John M. Read of Pennsylvania, or Wm. Pitt Fessenden of Maine.PERSONAL.—Another chapter in the history of the Phuadelphia elopement and marriage o f Miss Queen Rose com-Northern Democrats are used t o insults from their Southern masters, however.through t h e Whig, American, aud Ecpublican ad- ministrations which have followed, up to this time.night wandered wretchedly around the conservatory as a city in 1784. Before the Revolution, it was the1860.a man of erect and martial bearing, the hinges o f Court that she would neither come nor'bring the bodyIt i s believed by the great body of the Opposition strongestcandidatethatcouldbenominatedinthesehisunvariedandconsistentoppositiontothepolicyaudbeenpresenttowitnessthespectacle.Hehadbeen—TheLondonTimeshasthesingularannouncementthewater;theRaritanRiverformingthesouthern year'stax.£inofficesolong,andhadflatteredsomanymilitarymeD, in various sections o f the State, that therewas quite a rumnus in the camp when hia removalwas determined upon. Three Major-Generals, GreatWestern. being all we have, to wit: Major-General Andrews,—One o f thoee indecent demonstrations oommonM tions, to. the far West. A railroad to Bound Brook, 13 reputation is just the man required for the States called and occupies toward them the position o f confidence deed, all of Gov. Bank's BtafY, past aHd present, called a " Calithumpian Berenade," was attended with miles distant, for which a charter has beeu cyjsated,coiiEeiv&tive and for the States known to ba Republi and friendphip, t?rjd would lose no State which eithercan—which latter States by the way, must not be ig- of tbem would carry.nored, but must be consulted, and wiu have a potential vll. The Republican party cannot well bear anotherwith two exceptions (Col. Reed and Col. Walker)were there. Major Gen. Andrews, and Col. Amory,a fafal result a few clay s ago, in HarriBonburg, Va. A i>ew)y-married couple were insulted wuh a din of pots,wi'l undoubtedly render Perth Amboy the^greatest coal depot in the country. Upward o f 20,o00tunsof coal were shipped from there hist year, and the ship-and Col. Lincoln were"also there, and several otherannounced,thepeople'sman,andCitemanofthevoicebothinthenominationandthecampaign. defeat,andIshouldtakethemostavailablemanwhereColonelsandMajors.Aftertheclothwasremoved,andpanp,andbells,beatenandrungbyapartlyofmentforthecomingseasonisestimatedat100,000 favorefpayIf it d«emB the strength of that organization eiu&lto publican before there were Republicans. A Constitu- OUrS.untried and unmeasured hazards, it may take a differ- tional lawyer, thoroughly grounded in that Butler, Pa., April 10, 1€60. ent candidate. construction o f t h e Constitution which pre-JopN N. PUItVIAMCK.opinion that the removal of Gen. Stone waa " a upon him, and shot him dead. There are six or seven extensive manufactories of" military blunder.", A t this point, " the wholefire-brick in and around Perth Amboy. which, with the POLITICAL, clay and kaolin thU abound in tbe neighborhood, sup-ply a considerable export trade. These bricks have a higher reputation throughout the country than any other,andfhavesupersededtheimportedarticle.The—7*A<' Philadelphia North American gives the fol-SIH: AB THK : TRIBUNE has avast circulation in all ary for military men to cheer the '.' blunders" of lowing sketch of the Democratic arrangements made clay ia tbe best in the United States for the manufac-this term ia not used in our county and district politios.rem Norwich, CODU., for this reason.The olimate of Perth Amboy ishealthy, and remark-bl>mild;landlacheap;thesoil Iswell adaptedto iruits and vegetables; fish, in great variety, i s abun- dant, and tbe city is well supplied with ohurones, stores,nd educational institutions of various crades. It is a convenient place of residence, being directly on toe line of the Camden aud Amboy railroad, and has for many years been a favorite place o f summer rewrt, teveral public houses and many private ^boarding- bourcsbeingintheseasoncrowdedtotheirfullest ca- pacity. •REPORTID DISCOVERT orGoro INONTARIOuWe are here calledmore harmonious set of people ia not to be Yound in the Free States. The prefix " American " waa adopted became a very large m»jority of our members are orAmerican Republicans;" and atics connected with h i s experience a s Adjutant- General. Youwill begladtoknowthatofthe65 encampments which have taken place since h i sof encks, #e«se, fowls o f various kiude, pigs, sheep, flub,andoysters,wasmoringtowardtheship daring the whole morning., The ice-house on board tne vonsel waB frill, while, in view of the probably increased de-applied for percuhsion-locks, and was refused, piled abouttbe deck for immediate use. As the ther- mometer in Charleston on tbe last trip o f the steamer full force of the Constitutional provision on this sub- and their American friends there is no longer any die Massachusetts, b y Gen. Stone, applied a n d w a s Btood 8G degrees i n the shade, t h e propriety o f this ject, he showed that the proposed act was not in ful ail- tinction made. successful. It seems to me, that as a point of honor, provision will be easily understood. Beside this sup- itconcernsNew-Yorktoinojfre into this matter, plyofice,onefirmalonehas consigued five hundredappointment, h e had attended 6 3 . Y ou will b eequally chagrined to hear that when New-York mand, twelve hogsheads full of the gelid luxury wereof our party here; and were the whole State like the western portion of it, there would be no difficulty; but wehi.owthatthisisnotso,andhcacethereianota mananiengusbntwouldbegladif.hiafriend8would agree that he should lie back at least four yeare longarto give UB time t o become more consolidated ana Col. Parker's turn. 1 charitably hope i t was late pafrpenpers. Indeed she mi^bt b e termed a floating discovered in tho town of Canadioo, Ontario County, strengthened. W* m'ghfc carry him in this State, but in the evening. He was called on as the senior Aid hotel without at all drawing upon one's credulity. N. Y. His account of the matter has the followingmore in the east »ud middle than in the west. Hia re- jection by the Convention will not eour the popularmiod here at all.In view of availability, coupled with a confidence in" the administration o f Gen. Stone, a n d that the" camp at Concord, which would be celebrated a s —-The Milwaukee Sentinel of Friday says:" l o n g a s New-England Bhould find a historian, , ' ' W e have some additional returns, offi ctaJ, this mora-iv->-,»**Mtii'.« W • , ,.T.i.1,^/.A »•• J .•*•*.,•• •v,«w<.iv^^ 'jWWilMDouglas. The Convention which elected him prob-ably contained a small majority o f Douglas men,buttheothersidemaneuveredsoskillfullythattheygot the advantage in the election o f delegates. I t And woe be unto him from the South who casta a voteSince the Convention, several Republican papers is quite unsafe to predict anything in relation to the or our worst enemy. I t is deplorable, indeed, thatPreviously-non-committal o r openly opposed to Gen. Jameron, have declared for him in the moat decidedMassachusetts delegates. They represent no State, ven the name of Judge Douglas ia mentioned in con-erned partly by tne chances o f the candidate's suc- • ant of the awful fact that there are many a song a s cess, and yet not altogether, for they will consider who are ready to surrender the last vestige of hope— very minutely the prospect of getting anything for the last anchor of protection \"rier classifies the delegation as follows: Seward, 16;out of Pennsylvania. It is no time to indulge in such Banks, 5; Fessenden, 1; doubtful, 4 . B u t no re- is net Democratic A majority of the Free State De-Hergself-reliant,calminthemidstofexcitement,cautions i n taking positions, but firm in adhering to anonymous backbiting, and harmony above all. I t ia gation i s about equally divided for and against Mr. caniam as Pope said genius did to madness—* there teasWhen the first volume of the taleNew-Jersey, until 1790, when tho seat of government hia knees are remarkably well oiled, and he crooks of the young lady; whereupon outraged justice s e t wast permanently fixed at Trenton. Under the RoyalNo onby the Delegates for Charleston, from the firat-namad ture of alum, and is exclusively us«d in the paper man- ufacture. Forallbranches of manufactureinvolvingSlate sailed for C&aileeton, with a n unusually large ccargo, and an amount of looofocoism not often found is i erhaps the meet eligible situation o n the A4«n" coast, on account o f the cheapness o f transportationOther speeches were made^ and by-and-by it came comfortably prepared for th e accommodation of Co.—A correspondent writes to us that gold has beenthereisnonecessityforleavmgtheresultatallm denbt.Mr. Cameron is a popular favorite, and conld cairythe State by a large majority; bnt his strength Jies " of ,the Massachusetts militia was chiefly due to for every day after that peroid."'totheGovernor. Hesaid, amongotherthings, TbesteamerwillprobablyremaininCharlestonuntil particulars:Onthe13thinat.,amanwasdigginga that " h e believed that the present proud position the 28tb. UDtil tfcat time, 1 he fare and board while at~ ftrave on tbe side of a barren hill, and his attention was" owed this success chiefly to the indefatigable ex- ing, c f the vote for Chief Justice. They do not cer- thetoundncsBofhisprinciples,Ioebevethatthenom- "ertions,bydayandbynight,ofthemanwhowaa tainlysettlethequestion,butrenderitprobablethatination of Mr. Bates of Missouri would gratify a greater " now turned out of the office at the bidding of him Chief Justice Dixon is elected by some 500 majority."number o f men in Western Penney Ivaniathan that of forethecountryastheonlypartytruetotheConati-anyothermanwhohasbeennamed.Bissupportof"whoreceived,unjustly,thechiefgloryofthe—Mr.W.W.Leland,whowasrefusedaseatinU•depthottenortwelvefeet,andit*^g**TM' Mr.'PiN<Kparty will have done justice toitself, and put itself bo-tntvm,totheprinciplesofitsfra_m_ers,a,»n.d„.t„of.r.e_e„in- Bhlmorein1856infreelyexcusedonAccountofhisI''hour." Thissentimentwaareceivedwith4«throe theoecentDemocraticConventionatTexas,because &5perdaycanbetaken,iftoomanyp«opJ»*>«* , •ttiotiona. Thi Conservative Statesand the Republi- J being a citizen of a Slave State, where the support of « "rousing cheers." You will not fail to perceive ita he was a convert of only a year old, having voted for hasten to share the profit.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ofAldero.'.ri Mr. Lt;>TUntitled DocumentCbarleston, is but $80, while $5 extra i s t o b e addedattracted b y sbJnirif particle* having tbe appearance of brahs filings. A specimen, was submitted to * «*HW- tific man, and wae declare t o b e fine gold. ****** c lately people rushed to'the spot, and atonoe f t them- selves at work. Our cor respondent only went hometo sbtain a reinforcement of bis sons and to W r W « « W accountofthedlrcovery.beforeto,beg»n.joffTrfS enthusiasm for his own benefit. TM*J&*£TM5S&£Someanathemasarenextharled, followedbyanin- comprehensible sentence:point of laud, which rises gradually on three sides from www.fultonhistory.com 