 nekat Cfcarieaten, Sooth Carolina. The letter stso, of the crisis ifpon this particular branch of industry thanIt is stated, secuovd Oar. Aytette of practising the offer's- which the wholesale clothing ^stsbiisiimcatsto publish:—Nkw Yoax, Dec. 10,186t>. Tsja Srs—The undersigned, deeming it the duty of all patrioticcit.aeas,inacrisislikethepresent,todo whatMrs. Anderson, wife of Major Anderson, te coaunaad at next.fteld of drerussioB.isotofour , wviito.Dr. g ihMr. Eeilogg spoke at some length te support of bar pro- cteth, Botchedat the edges sad fastened together by a mission. This speech will, it ft understood, be delivered pqsitftB. aad then proceeded to defend Mr. Ltecotn'a'-I I X I II tI1 t I I I 1I1Number of toikirs, men and women, atprasomt out of .•m- pjcymentowing to diflereneeby tiadod bya fewafwith a view tooat to beat the Hew Yes* tosath street, which tonratery la• I MMso the* earfir. P. Aytette *ty of the common.ty. If the present proatrotiua o»r.ti- rations The place in question is a tenement house in the M.i.th, and especially to express ao optmoa has takaaastendagainatcoecrion. in which he ft s<*-Mr. Garwte Bade a long speech of a conciliatoryactor. He exp cared the belief that the present excttt moat has mutely grown out of the Presidential election, ami forthat reason hethoughtthePrecedentialterm": J9m ought to bo exteaded, buthedMateototebow kmg. « • believedCongressassthesomecontroloverslavery mUdlrtLatthatbonrginia. with the name of the State sad its motto encirclinghundreds of honest and industrious laborers are almost at the starving point. Similar disastrous intelligence comes from the cities West. North aad East, mingled with fearsStates themselves, the systems of free aad slave ftheg being antagonistic Mr. Kellogg sustained his posit ioaa by copious quotations from Mr. Lincoln's pub.'tehai speeches, and his remarks were frequently htterruptod V 'VHIILI-.J member*, who questioned Mr. Kelloow rclittiVo U, Mr L-scoin't view?reaoivod te MMk labe taken by their ^_y ^^^a_m_^_^ waTOpaTsL'i rodswell premiseMayorb alltM. AAthsos, Mr. iteap.struct ^uikge, net aa a regular professor. batama private rawtruetor to Southern stodaom, with tot- *s- occupationIhe cbject m, m the event of a s c Tsion of the Southern?* 000 sion cf countenance bore evidence of that. The little State aad mak- New York a free city. all Ihe members of the Cabhtepscmt martina of tho faculty. BE Aytette, *»ough blind,baa enjoyed aaaatoerabte reputation as a teacher of rer- tom brmib«a of modicine. and. houias, Irani the So th, waa naturally extremely popular among students fromnun, which in point of stee was the most practical dis- course that could he nreoched an the economy of space, was about tea by twelve or fifteen feet, besides whichLastly, these is a private meeung of still another raoVe- cirs of that wise, able aad dtecrosi nn nt to be hold to-day, at which a number uf influinti il Gen. F'-oti. who is sow here, and whoTHE CRISIS AID TK TAE01S.of trailaaai u who be so a»rio<mly, aObcted byte the mioafactore of m are in Sew York about <whom alein general teem, to the destitution by portica of the wotcountry It is taxi that bia cinm things, will he reduced to absolute pauperism. They aregentkmen will attend, including ex-President Van Boxen net toectteg to-day.there was what might by extreme courtesy be called and exPresident Kilimore, who referred to it a few days The Cabinet are unanimous in tikeover oae hundred members.Early ytstorway morning Ur. Aytette received a private«n Professor John W. Draper, the rospecu-det the Fourteenth Street college, charging htm, other thing*, with tamperma; with, the s^withern by advaoag t k n not to take ant their tickets for the course, but to repair to a medaai cohVganot. a:>we have said, ail residents of New York, but it Is upon New York they ('spend for the means of living, end upon New York the great body will be thrown « k » they are reduced to the hot necessity.No stronger proof could be JITTO of the iisastroua eff -ctsa bedchamber, which waa* about half the dim n- ago as stated te a despatch published in the Hcaain. A that it would be not only unwise aad tajudtctoos,m (Diaper's) rascality (ApomaMt » are now actually suaeriag for wont of work. It in at nan now (said the speakYt ami hnir.nne M-ution. aad deserving of imitation by all who aelTa.^11»» 4Ct <fi*: '*lv J M (», :<-cai.This cockade ft formed of a double rosette of blue silk, of so outbreak from the masses, which will prove <i. with blue pendants, and fastened the same as that of Vir- struct ive of property sad life.twentythe great boik of whosehoooes encaged In theTotal nomber dependent upon their labor for sus- tenance, estimating four to each family, and allowing for the fact that the husband ami wife are, m many lnataaoea, engaged at the sanmHere we hare t9.000 persona—men. women and chil- dren—who ore at the present time aSectei by tar cr-^is. and who, by the continuance of the present condition ofand a atcretameUng of its promoters is to be bckt to-day.force to Fort Jlouitr:position of Mr. Ltecote as iatpregnabte. He could aot until the matter or see anythteg te Mr. Lincoln's ipsschcs to warrant tha agreed upon by attack that has been made upon ban, nor te the moa- coca ner hi which tha recent osawjsdfa had been car- soUter. ried oa by the republicans. He said he thought tbctw would he ao trouble te arraagteg the Fugitive Stove ,-imaccording to tho plan luggmstoil by H. Wk>i4ff Bavas requiring Marshals to ^deliver fugitives te. She Dtetnet Judge te the" dtetrict escaped frost, owd guaranteeing a jury trial of identity, toft) to be ft Maa of Porsonal Liberty bills, aad to guardchairs, a tahto and a bench—a part of which served BJS a temporary bed; while on the mantelpiece were several medicine bottles and a few ornaments. On the wail above these hung a coraopeian, and on either eidc of tais were pictures. The bedroom could boast of only one aitide of furniture, and that w..s indispensable toitsday , immediately after Professor Bedford'a lecture, and atfvertwers. at •' an immense sacrifice;'" aa»i posters con- title. In fact it was already as full with it as it couldgestk men invited, but a report of the proceedings will be and federal troops. General Scott, it ft understood, coin- published, subjoined is the call, which we are permitted cides wifh this i pinion.Mr. Corwm asm amid the sV_irw Vef,mhi atosteg, Mr. Corwm submitted baScertain dahonurabio acts, which it is aniiansssiyy to meitwo, toward* the -iiKieuw of ins dans. The letter, ita a r be imagined, greatly excited ito rortptent, who mutehieappearutre-utheaaaphitheatreof thecollegeyester- forsaleatlessthan,costprice,or.inthe !acg?:i£"of thecaused the letter ID be read before all the students therein assembled. In an excited manner Dr. Aytette mlhirt spin the studeott to mast him tat the lecture r ->m at half-past three o'clock to take aetion on the nuttier. Thin extraordinary iaterroption caused quite a aernuu. -I, and '.be subject was pretty well taked of by the time ; »i the ai ismh iga of the nesting.Atbail-|jaft three o'ewek the crowd of Soothers and JkriheTLstudattte tUloti i i i^'tare .uoni. and considers e exraement was exhP'tad.which threatek us—not to aav are aireadv upon us re- al aad wicked sacrifice of her husband's life, who, she pendent of Congress and a s soon as It comes to have aAl'bn.gh the fjll traUe. properiy speaking. was<iT9r be- fore the effects of the ermis big.in to be felt, yet the Br. Arurm, who was present, areas to address the trade has a'rp*h lost about two million*, the anioun'.Eicbaru Iathtts, Xo. 33 1ine street, on Saturday, the 15th Hist, at twelve o'clock, for consultation and mutual counsel. With a view to the adoption of such measures, if any can bo devised, as will tend to heal the present dissensions, aad restore our once happy country to peat - ful and harmonious relations. The answers to the enciosod letters will bo read at the meeting Very respectfully. Watts ,-hermaa, Wilium B. Astor WashmgtC'B Hant, Ixckport; JohnA.Dix,C. Comstock, Albanv . Augustus Schell. Stewart Brown. «ayard Hallock.Geo. E. Bailwm.James W. Beekman, Bichard Lathers.shall be •dmitturt ss a State, with or without slavery, aa the people amy indicate in their constitution which thai be duly submitted to the people for thou- ratiacauoa.Mr. Bast, of Arkansas, submitted aa smosdmsat, that during then-Territorial condition slavery shafl be pro- tected within the Territories.Mr. Lavis, of Momsmppi, was oppnand to ttefceriag wp the Fugitive Slave law and Poroaoal Liberty bills in UkSsmdaau, .and waa recervod with a storm of aapwaeoo. la * nex Yens and farei nh manner he related the story of hte grievac«"*a, stating that be had bees treated most an-by the fweurty ofthecouoeo, with the except ionwhich is expended to supply the deikitncica .a the firstErastus Brocks. iamt s T. Bfady,The President, in view of the alarming crisis in ournational affairs, has determined to recommend the obser-vance of a day of humiliation, fasting and prayer. The committee, as they could be regulated by flusui amatlar . Ha called upon hat pu;it;u to vindicate his charactar from the aspersions cast upon !t by the President of the cofleg«. The charges were un-traa, wbnMy and entirely. and he dewed any man to sub- stantiate aay of the unworthy accuse Hong charged against him. He could m< longer remain in connection with the rniearsrty, sort in conetnxion waeired to say, that if h sn m the South wished to depart with him forinsure them dipkunas from the institution with which he Intended to associate himself In that city He wontd. he mid. puarsnfew them dtpi«mas for #ve doitors a pi#*e.Br. Aymteta rim irks wore sashtiHsari.aiiy applauded,supply of goods hx- been exhausted. TK*e two miilkm-worth, or rather the cost of manufacturing: that amount,may 'te i<>n-aulefed as virtually lost. It would De well.however, if the trouble stopped at this punt but this isthe lea.-; *ei icos part of the difficulty. The workmen andwjttifi. «re out ui umpioymeni in conscqueacj uf a n-a.iytotal disconUnuance of the orders from the south, whichat this season of the year are always aout to our whole-Strong letters have been addressed from this city to gentlemen of Charleston sad other parts of the South, exhorting them against secession, and holding out the prespect of redress within the Union,THE COCKADES OP THE SOUTH.We hove bean favored with a view of seme of the eocfc-adss of the South, brought to this city by a recently from aha '-seat of war," aad wo give aof each of them, for the benefit of ourgOrTH CABOUNA.This erckade ft made of three layers of very dork ofueand all.committee of avo w o n snyriainl to draft ro*4<i of thafulmsjr of Mam Burt teg Ow.ni->k ptoee watil barf post <ivo the cfimssitlaa would be expected to ro-gives employment to the operatives from the month ofNovember till that of February. These orates amount into at least seven miUioas of doilars, and onthe falling off is already equal to four millions,This falling off will be rendered still greater beforehe hod bean ton years oYwte eWa«^, and dnrteg aU ttat tame he bad never known it so hard to prosuce em- ployment."Do you know of aay who are out of yourself and iamilyr••Y es," he replied, "more than hah" oftaaces in the trade ore out of emptoymant.a day I go out to look for work taatldoBoton the same errand. Thai morning I saw over a dozen applying at the stores where I catted myself.''"Well, did they got any*""Not oae of them had succeeded, sad they w e n oat looking for work all the morning. Every place they west into to teak for a job they said they could not give it even to their own hands.''What did those you met soyabdut their prospector "They were complaining about the hard times, aad told me, what I knew was partly true te my own case, that they could not get s job te places for which they were formerly hi the habit of working—and all of themunderstood he will take the. position that secession means war. snd that it ft the duty of the government to use its entire power, aot only to execute the awe aad collect the reveuue. but to hold the federal property at all bajardg, thus coercing the States into sub-inhabitants to form a State government, they shall bo ad- mitted as a ebnte, with or without slavery, as the peopw may decide by a majority vote, fairly taken, flitted, their constitution is republican in form.t dignity to the, to kick op a big rowm Yock. Wismir didbv the latter of thewawhaathim the asesp>- to Draper in the statlaw that he at tanorllajntTMr i*^. Jdbe aopcawihletoc>m- Ha (the spislrai >, then to say that ha wooid wait tmtil twviva tf wantedha woaid go pobilnty before dm »t >•summer goods will commence. The amount paid for the labor of minwTirtanng meee goods is about two miHmas, which, aa we have said, will he test to the operatives. White upon this port of the subject, we may state that aae estobuahment that of Messrs. Devlin Hudson k Compony. intend, as a mains of aik-vtating the distress of these dependent upon them for a livelihood, to sell oat their winter clothing a* less than the irst cost, aad imrlag thus cleared off all the stock on head, they will pat on as many hands as they can to manufacture sprmg aad summer goods, inviting cash buyers to purchase them at reduced rates. They will this be enabled to put on a large number of hands whogilt button, on which the following appears te relief;— on Monday or Tuesday next. This position of Judge D. policy He declared him to be opposed to any inter-by other mamhsrs ofGreat sympathy ft expressed by the Southern aad conare making to get rM of the large surplus stock t.-hich has been left on their hands. Different articles are ofiereilFort Moultrie, has called upon the President within s fewproposition, m suhatoaee. as follows;—That thotaining the announcement that three hun.(red thousand dollars' worth ff clothing are tr> b ha^l cheaper tlvxi was ever before Irx^wn. stare at thr parsers by ironi fences, walls, brick piles, ami every place where a poster '-aa bo diap'ayed.spectfully request you to meet a number of other gentle- declares, will never surrender the place, but rather fall sufficient population for oae rearroom five teCtemyeaa, men, to wti m this circular will be sent, at tha ovhee >forders?—that is. therequire about that>touthern amountdealers g-meralryof clothing toliiwin Cr< swell, Wilson G. Hunt, James T. Soutar," id and Pains, agotowt whom ha had not meet further demand* after the lirst and principalever, the work became so slack that she could devote more of her time to her poor, sickly infant—a privilege the posst E-SKW of which could hardly. under such eircum- stances. be called an advantage, when it was attended with Ices to altHaving explained the object of our visit as delicately as we comd, the poor man at once entered into conver- sation with us, expressing the hope that any mform.it.onday appointed ia the 4th of January, 1861. This ft in compliance with the urgent request of many associations and private citizens.The Governor of Mississippi has appointed Secretary Thompson a Commissioner on the part of that State to North Carolina. The President has given his consent to hie acting in that capacity, sad he will leave at once. The object of this is to get the Southern States to co- operate together.Mr. Keitegg. of Olinws, submitted a plan, as follows :—Firm—The speedy organisation of all the Territories at the United States.Second—Ihe election by the people within the Terri- tories of all their TerritoraU officers.Tuird—The donation of coo hundred aad aixty acres et tend to each actual settler.Fourth.—The delegation of legislative power over afl subjects not teconsftteat with the constitution of tho United Mates.m-:n;i IIMI sieon otxiiwu j;:«.>n lae ton v* . - can aflxrU t > ;.ppiy it in their own CXTOS. By the adop- w ith families depending upon them."ginia; with the State button, with the simple word Mary- tend'' beneath the arms.The muttering of tho storm n beginning to Lie beard tromNew England. New England men feel that they are n- responsible for this state of affairs. They declare them po-nt.are IM.U !»r»»>i»r ismb ii'«i» litub, >iir ins «-.r. •• -«».• ach plan, those who arc now out of em mm mi-«*hoods. i'Ana4»d»e ai»d h««»-* ' > jii-.i;. moot amy be enabkd to push through the winter,"Bow much are you able to make every weak when you can get regular employment; that is, in good times*"'Remark- w. re nude by ••tiiers but to no import ja£The committee adjourned to Monday nest.Besides ihe que>uoo r>l secession the committ • ds> vi.tod j kirp" portion of its time in rlsiruming the import- ant fact ac iv h.w the Nsw Yoax Hmvun ontomod ita ra-toW lirape- ac oMtrnt B-»t t ***** h %t stones anottt what mi Ayn-imi 1of ther-" ^t- ii»-iIIM:.peak,t Jkad'< frwnd o« ihecaUeg* a'a.) now* ai-t 1: ' sot of hiawny. nskmg :!»• ^«d ••^••••,r- i ItineatrS.Withara«I"tVeeyuu: uw prcveatiu^ thani u ••..! of aaetttteal exciuonont. He i If Casper had grsnte i3i.ii a gr"at deal uf privation aad deaUtutiun may be prevented.The facta which we have given above refer moreTHE UNION COCKADE."1 have mode as much as eight dollars and a half, my- . This is also a double rosette, the centre one being of selves ready to accept terms of justice and equality ••in a somewhat differeut manner. In addition to tight dollars aad a half is the most we have made any tu Boros ham te retract, or else ti» -a the general dtprtaaioo caused by tho present po- week for a year past. Then we could make out prettyBET. E. J. HKX:K3NRn)GE ON THE POLITI- and will be denounced by New York, both city and CAL CRISIS.a cane htrcefr mhts right hamli w »: i to pomes ever his hand. (Cheerio.;}. Bat Draper refwawi the mt - roreapobtlu exposore was demamt . bis proposal m go to^poth CUroii.i".to the mat oast was at tho dna>. ~ •Daxrnix, Ky., I860.I have read pour letter with deep interesit but the time is past when I can do anything towards directing the passions of our counts)'men. What I could I hat > attempted long ago and under auspices for more hopeful that, any that now exist—as. amongst other things, my pubitebed lettoto to Mr. Sumner, Mr. Seward aad Mr. Breckinridge may attest. All that is left to me is to stand in my lot, took the future steadily in the face, and abide whatever may come. If the North insists on using the national government to put down slavery—or if the South insists oa using it to perpetuate and extend slavery—in either ease the continuance' of the na- tional Union ft impossible. ha other words, there can be bo union of States except by force or oo equal terms. For marly ninety years—from 177.3 to lS6o— the public idea of the institution of "slavery hascountry, it was wise in the city members to instruct him, and unwise in him not to heed them. If he con tinues to subordinate the Union to hft party, he will be reprobated by all patriotic citizens, and may expect the denunciations of the entire State of New York- lot him look to it that hft vote be found for the Union.The committee of republicans who came herefrom New York on a mission of pacidcation, will probably re- turn without effecting aay salutary change m the exist- ing temper of things. They would have gone M-day, hut the hope that something might be done for the safety of tho Union bos induced them to remam over until Men day. But they say the demands of the South are so ex cessive they have no hope of reconciliation.At the session of the Committee of States to- day, no business of importance was trans- acted, although the debates were animated. 'Ihe seal of secrecy wae placed upon the lips of the member* but it is not unlikoiy some of the proceedings will teak out. Governor Corwin. the chairman, te hopeful that seme mode of settlement may yet be conceived.liticai ouuditiou of the couatry. or rather growing out of it, the heavy discount oa Western bills, amounting to ten aad tf teen p*r cent has produced a suspension of the trade from t*iis part of the Union. We may state'in this connection that we have heard of one house which loses about fifty <ioiters every day on dif<-«'UntiBg bills.The benevolent industrial institutions ore already suf lerii-: from the depre»SH>a, and as a large number are de- Oted their labors, bat w..uid be rend., i pendent upon them solely fur support it. is feared that of them may be broken up altogether, particularlyeomy of snoot tmentv wunntea the re u as we have nut yet approaciied the most trying part of Warn their appearaooe. aad the Cbuintiao. Or .Nisrih C*r**iaa. read the rasohitwaa. which d - the crude—what may literally be termed the starvationcom for table and have something over; hut when a week came we lost all we gateed in the good times."poorof Pr A."s namiks asreral oth r oaUed upon to speak*, b o t a a <.. •eismiryi pertMraJartv aaxtoas to r;*pnm!.taaed that the Cuonoutieoen Sesoittti..._«tho totter ''f .Prof'owor Draper. an4 do fonand i* preferred agoiaat hi a . I >point.The poor inmates of those truly | ipeakiug, know noinstitution-found it compatible with the union of colonies aad ofStoles. It is no longer so. The opinion* of men mu.-tchange, and their paa«ion3 must moderate, or we mustnot only divide, but must afterwards draw the sword,and, if j.ofoibie. deetrov each other. If find has forsakenus. our couatry ft wrecked. If tied te still gracious to tu-,a way will be loand to extricate it from impending revo-lution. At present the human means of deliverance seemte me to consist merely in these two great convictions,which, after all,are settled deeply in the hearts ot meneverywhere—namely. that there are unspeakable evils lathe diSHiiiition of the Lnkui, and that there are iaestinmb•<• biesen gs m ks preservation. 1do not see how thosei < nv.ct.i.i s are to make ihetMseive* effectually manifest, cording to the programme furnished the Hauu> test bet neither do I see it to be unpossibie that they shoulduho.• t o sau<rt!d that th<» 1. ttet- ••! ! • an Souin. sre grea% pczxkd to under although the man I work for is very kind to me, and willNortli lerwith the rebotatioes. be p>ir>^be>i . Maati the_rati5e of the trouhle. and will in the nextooacitjr adopted.aadtwo oi tUrL'i. iuunth» learn won" tnrough hard adversity•• No, sir; there's no harry for it for a couple of weeks,Va. a aaid he could oat a- e the propriety at pt,bn-.:.,pay me for it whenever it is finished, but he told aae he did net want it before two weeks.''• Four dollars and a half a week is a rather small am<,ant to support a family upon."•• Yes, sir: aad when you take four dollars and a half a month ior rent out of that rami light and are, it leavesvery little for focd and ck,thirst "" What do you suppuee is the cause of this scarcity ofwork:-" Jla adauratiMi for I T . A ?eut he. vietdad t a n a .. aeoo! the piditir* of the coontry than ever they ka**w- to so a? for •• soy coo etac to vjod=c , bef'«re. l a e y are all pray teg hard for the perpetuation of.ioe mhsan he tared aae> reapecteil }<•-• thi I'n-uai. and :lx'tr pray«rs will do'Mleo* tl'» more topahla itaai wuoid be uopruper apw. wh..- lalwiig onder cxaueoKsi. avid a >th- ••.save the rr-Tiai.-y than th< pot-ticisus who are BOW w:»agtyig ami d.^putrng in Wa.-ihmeton. white Mat's of thouauik:0a _f ao mailed free horthem worluavu are oa the verge of utstuui.on jnd pauperism.Meanwhile, the work of the seceders is progressing ac•tisse for prR*ent d ii»eratit«j.is- hTXwm aaid these was aa aincfa arosaeet or oil - -raw at a reononiltei ion Hk- w, the tnivwraity, wnich h-- 1<wttb so nogrataful a i--ro Charlcaoai. S. C.do so.night. In addition to the names attached to the mam feste. wbich is BOWregarded as a declaration of doutbern independence, are to be mentioned those of Pmaston Wig fail aad Hemphill, of Texas; Senator A. G. Brown, of MiwftBippi; Senator Jeff. Bavte. of Mississippi: Senator SUdeu, of Looteians; Hon. John H. Baagaa. of Texas; Hon. John M. Laadrum. of Louisiana: Hans. If L. Bon- ham-W.P.Mites.Johnbfttjueeu.andJohnD.Aahtaore. of South Carolina.Itshouldbeunderstoodthatthomanifestowascon stnictod without reference to the action of the Committee of States, but entirely independent thereof.Hon. A. H. Handy Judge of the Supreme Court of Mte- steaippi, arrived to-night, as wOmawaateasr to the State of Maryland, respecting bar ce-operatteB te the secession movement. He leaves for Baltimore to-merrow, aad ft» go anywhere—to frem tin.- plaoe. Hethe dt-• • They say it is all caused by the trouble between the North and the Hrath. but for my own part I don i know much about it. All I know is that we Vnn't get work, aad « we don't get it (Arselvrs and oor families will starve: aad wVarenotfarfromthatBOW. AlthoughIneverIf we can escape immediate convulsions, what will ecevr, in my eproion. will be the gradual consolida tie-ii of the entire South in one opinion, and upon one man (prcbhbly Mr. Breckinridge) by 1864; and the reimamnt ftitimph of the democratic party in 1864. by mear-s el the united South, and a certain portion, more or iet» ci-nsu'ei able, of the Northern States. This u> the b<stresultIf*etobepossible:andTwhosayth;.-aman«tt3dt-Bts tinder him. to taem faithi 'thy. Itts» he taken Immediate begivenlone starThe loUtrwing tftan extract from it>-Xou. wd.i.o*eby this tetter that Tnrss has iwsoseori ber old- mott-'. the tone star, abe is aa indepsadenii«, and a iii oot aubmitSo the rule of the black rapub araue. She once gateed. oarhrau '. with uredit. That ateek stulr'r.ao another ictarrread it. Besides, my stek, aad I have been sick• -•*tsadtho* lagan off Sfty willotter- •Untitled Documentla^awsswrOn* of Ihe worst nwftmcats sad winch viii he m. at•t when m be carried outta»* rraartr of orden" froal the Nort-horn to £,: r«p«an w>. It 'm oseloss to shoo.«*» tbeyoaos s*i*seeii'* ,"*y eor wji'al tu re^'temalote otetw ll»«srhh the cris,>.ri« be dtiteyod bywin***,'* eshf ho, "§*re * ap, If I could |flJo>sB aw, UOt A "dPa *» j"tenwase awe awi' « a t do they ssy at the store-,to aay (if** ..'•-I bsve been to aoftss than tarn to-day. and « I toldf t r s t w t e t ^ e ^ ^propose, and if at att favorabk wmdeliberate coaatrir-rsttoa before tomra _The republicans have it tethetr power te de much to pre- vent the approaehmf catastrophe, aad if they had takenf* j•" ' I III'""ll'l if " "' I II I ! I jl'sale establishments. These orders are for the supply ofsprmg aad summer goods, the manufacture of which which he ecu al give might he alt radar! with same beneJudge Bougfts has been preparing for some days pastan eftborate and set speech on the pending crisis. It is fifth.—Wheat i st there shall be a staSkieat number ofIda the 1st of February, wham (he sales of the spring aad<JnrteC the present winter, te cnaoecjoeaos of which has been precrprtaterl upon the couatry by the ekcttea of UnvA aad the atthudo assumed by the Mack republicans, a ft only, however, by going tete psrtieaterB that .the public son he made aware of the daumtrecs sahets which will fall upon the operative tailors te ecauBcn with their fellow tmOr—ns te other dei»Twsewte. n is only by afrcgliog with them, and teurateir theb present state aad future pruajnuss fromtfc< maelvfe that caythteg like a true cooocptton oaa be formed of the atetmteg coadition into which society te •samal wO bo tarewa during the whiter sow upon ts, «ad winch throatawa to be aoae of the mildest. At the hast of times the workteg tailors of enr o t y »re not overstocked with a supply cf this wurM's goods. Ir fact, the great majority of them live from week to week oo thru- wages, which vary, according to the amount of work they are obk: to perform, from four toaiae and teadonon. They have mostly all families, the number of members te which wary from two to swveaT aad, as generally happeas. the greater portion of these ore anahle to provide for themselves. « they are two or three weeks without work, the only sapitel tf capital it canthe c r « aan isolated oae did we not know to the contrary, aad ss our readers ore already aware from the facts presented in the beginning of this article. We have, as we s-iid,was on hoaday, aad the other oo Thursday. la tite Board of A|£Craien a resolution was offered on lunrs-certejflfltttters of a revolutionary tendency which w. reThe!r tea to-day!quest ef the«the chair Mr. Beyer, of South'sions of the first named apartment The principal apart- ment, which served ail the purposes of a sitting roomcall has been privately issued for a meeting of the leadingIn the present disturbed and excited state of the Southerr.self and my wife working hard aad steady—that is, from six in the morning till u.a or eleven at night. But some- times we haven't made more than five dollars a weekred silk, the moor one of white silk, aad the pendants of blue. The gilt button that fastens the whole together shows the eagle af America, surrounded by the stars ofthe States. Letters are pouring in from ail pari.- ai Mew Fng1'"*'1 m praise of Senator IHxuns manly course.particularly to the Southern trade, but the West just according as the work was of a good or inferior de- the United era =. al*> gruatly aftrcted by the crisis, though scription, aad there was a plentiful or poor supply of it.Mr. Humphrey, of New York, voted with the membare from New England in the Committee of Thirty port of their doings. This fact was aot fully sealed wh4£Here be showed us his hook accounts with some of the stures for which he worked, aad which bore full testi- mony to the truth of his statement as to the amount of his earnings-•When," we asked, "did you turn in your last johf'' •'The last time," he replied, twos oa Monday; and since then I have not been able to get anything to dobefore tins morning '" Well, 1 suppose you will hurry up with that, so as to get the pay for it?''A specialmeetingThe »-loii! -r*. wh<> hut a few short months ajo wordoing .* henry an?.is,-*.-,, and w'wse s'ors* were rrowdeuwith purthaiH-ta, have assr a difiertiit ciaar' of aptdt-eaois—im>i"«d of cmtomeia, thi-a- vmtera are tradesmenseeking for enipto; meat, and in many teataiwt* th<-irv*-itor> ar»: more aumerom wane, it 0 aeedfcss toadd that they are deetdediy far kes agreeable. asked i man for anything before without working for it, uki ta.-h;i nod republican of the school of ITS*—a Clay la mm esrabibliment aioae no less than fourbendrod haveUceuthrownoutofempioyment ormeahouid mi her say. they have uet been t*kea aa, as there• no work for them. The news wham they receive fromthe !*oo»k m not of the must encouraging description; andas « e hare be* a permitted to make use of mtaeof theptiv^ie letters, we shall give a few extracts fnon somewh.Ui w« have seen. Oa»-, received a few days ago fromTexa$ was stamped with the trl soter, on which waa the"•"SSftS"South aad oat West, and whagtrafifteen thrwiatad persons. If to these wa addwho are employed by the remil clothing or who do bwshmss on their earn ammont. thehi oar city and Yicmrty willof tweedy thooaaod. We aay in the ricin ity of Hem York, for ail these operatives do not live hi oar a large aropeithm of them reajdiag at Brook:ya. Jersey City, Newark sad other places within a circuit ofof the mmrnpwiw) Of tham twenty thou «vtjurdai«woBmn,andofthewhomnamN>rproportainaresupplied with sewing The raiue of the goods manufactured by thai marmy of operatives is estimated at the yearly amount of twenty Ave miiltoos of doilars. The sum paid in wa^es. the weekly amount of each pui'son te regular daUars oar week- atsix mtiUons of dollars per year. Sow, as at kof the whole Bsrainr of operatire tailor*, both., are oat of work. the loss in wagcn <lurmassa will he uonriy two mi'lssm of dol- ls, the wmt'ssan and workwuomo will have -st sad will bave to fall back npaa their ownsad, te the test resort, throw themselves upon th, chari- and that the public might have the benefit of our obser dition cf the relations between the North ami among theasterie of hft mast intimate advftora. But i" kins, of Florida, was absent.oenaatxmhe nanillspun which they can fail book ft th ir furni- fails, theu- clothes, which are depo- uatil better times enablethem to reiusB them at a mmrteas rate of tetercstThews money lenders are. we understand, already doinga thrrvmg businfss, sad are anticipating on abmiduatharvest just at this particular time As an iHostnttion ofthe actual present condition to which thousands of tai-lors, and flat still larger number dependent upon them,are reduced, we shall give the result of our visit to thehome of one who is now suffering from the eff. cts of thecrisis, aad fur whom and aft family there eerteialy ap-pears to he ao other prospect but that extreme destltution which, without charitable mterposrtlon, must end testarvation. Wewouht wflltogly behevo that bis case is men of the city, on the conditional the Union. One a a w ^ ^ h e h o v e d te the highest quarters, will readerfrom the allegiance due to the federal said hft remarks were powerful, sadPKOCWDlNGfl OF THE HOUSE CRISIS COg- , Doc. 14, MM.for i haven't the tece to do it. I took half a dollar a p -r whig—o wieor fate know Kothmg—and sever yet votedr"ug:tvemeyesterdaytoboyprovisionsformyfamily." lorjUant.iMcckitridgc.thoughhehasstoodtowardsmo nearly in the relation of a son since his orphanage in very, In proof of this he showed us two packages—one eon- tender infancy.laintng floor aad the other Indian meal both of which he subsequently inforated us. correcting his first atate- ment, he hod procured through the means of a tteket or check glean htet by a gimllsnun on a prov isam store.It is hardiy worth while to say that Kentucky ft, and aiwa)s has been, th< •roughly tor the L'mon, and that no u an in It Is mete devoted to it than Mr. Breckinridge hjnself. Nay, l b is oae of the very few eminent public men fr< m wia.ee tai* not even a hypothetical case of jus- tifci'ie ••a**w.tmn was ever beard. And Ihe day may come when the recompense to his country for the terrible abut* lavished oa him as a traitor to it will bo the sub hmo exercaw of law groat, wtenaad ttemtttem aotore m iht pi >: ei vaticn tf that very Union which the passions of men and the vtolenoe of parties have put fa so much paid."Do you ever road the papers*"' we inquired."To tell yon the truth," hewofhed, "we dent have aay time to rend the papers, although when aa odd oaeto L ghtCoL M. B. McMickea,afarches* arms for her detent Tae pabhcation of the masIt at a s doubt correctlyleadingthe Southernseeas-comes into myare wefl we ewoJuh'i apaes the fttee."** | t %¥ tawUNtly WOftit yMaV1 WOUBWB'*' at taltertag,pay youIlMvedetortedfremmyalBMstumformhahitmteking any B"t.«ecrt yoor l<ug, earnest and deeply affecting let- ter Accept whaf i have said as a proof of mv sympathy with thatoken oiviewsfrtemtandit.The motto ft:—Sie temper tgramtm. SLASTLAMP.There have been Inion movements in New Jerseif aadrhiladelphia, and there are several Union move]TMgoing for ward here new. The Mayor has held two prrVwawi Jjdt Obliged to withdraw from the chief council of the na- meetings at his < f£e<-. with gome of the swot influential ^ • L ' l h resignation will precipiute events m the South.day eveningfor support, soU their clothes aad iiirniuire. visited hie residence that we might judge for eorssrves, public meetirg to consider the disturbed con- drportwjME hft eht snd valued friend ( t e . QmafrtAithis low m wages to the operative tailors will, llott street, near Grand, or; of those huge barracks on the oorDBrtm» submitted to the House of Beprar, a- tained by theof course, he stiil further mcreased, while the grucors which have been erected In different parts of Now tatives by the New York delegation. The motion, alter will abide' andotherswhoarepartiallydependentupon thorn most York for the ben,nt of the working das-es being the subject of untimelyjokes andlaughter,was thePresident,rn *ofler to the extent to whiah their customers arc af- as pLilanthropieaJty stated, but which ore solely at length referred to a committee to ascortain the x- leaving the <jaVinet fected. A review of these figures given us the following and exclusively built for the profit of the landlord. Five pcr.se. the abject of the patriotic Aide, man evuhmUyresult, which we present w tabular form —ef the Army and Navy, aad n. Cass is preparing a l-tter to be wUIexpiamhft reaaoastorcritical perad.hashadin contemp'a-Itiswellknown or Etx stories up brought us to the room in which the being to prevent aay expression of public opuuon in this lion for some timehft scat m the Cabinet. Territories that a State has ewer affairs wrthm MR between himself and the cwn limits. Be said these wore hft connctteas, ami haity of sending adcltio -a- could aet avoid aa n i ps amihrai of them. He defoaded th*hft resignation was ac-object of our inquiries lived, with his wife and three chil- j,o 006 dren. His appearance was that of an overtasked, over- worked man, and it certainly did not require a second look at his face to confirm his statement that he wasgreat et lnmerciai city.There » another independent movement going forward, President in regard U>cepted by the Presi even then under medical treatment. His sickly expr.-s- States, to thtew off the yoke of the western part of this d ifierence had beentrettwaaUaWtJBB WmXQ Mw)Oi*v'4j*ft «ap CtB l«gmtstfte to i nqauiar the FairoAsaye:—eaalrequesting theT k m ^ H f i g t to deeply exercised and grieved at thepeople, to send additional force to Port Moultrie, but that and a kitchen, was furnished with a stove, three or four at mber. The ct nsultatxm is necessarily coniined to the it would certainly result in a collision between the Statewell be and allow its occupants sufficient spnee in wu oilto move. The inmate? of this port of the tenementhoes, were the wife of the man whom we have alrcalyintroduced to onr readers, and his three children, one ofKhcni was a baby about eight or nine months old. TheWIJC had jest been engaged at the wash tub. andwas new sitting with her sick infant te heraims vainly endeavoring to lull it to sleep. Ihechud was suffering Dcm mik mmaticn en the lungs.and the mother s time w;is divided between it and thework at which the assisted her husband. Latterly, how. t.i etavi t W. eaiithin its defence.In the Senate on Monday a Western republican will call by resolution upon the President for information concerning the fortmeat tens of Sooth Carolina, and the instructions that bave been given to the officers in com- mand.gentlemen of this state, and has been sent to a largela the centre te the "Palmetto,'' with two mi owe (cross- fills the friends of the Union with the gloomiest appre- ed). and fastened tegelher at the point of crossing with a hensions as to the future—at a time, too, whoa everybow knot of ribbon. The following ft the motto around effort ft being mode to bring about an adjustment.ference with slavery te OK States where it ex tete under the constitution: that Mr. LmcohVs wish te to bring back the question where the fathers had sterns' it : thai hd was te raver of an efficient Fugitive Steve tew. Mr Kel- logg argued that the fathers of the country were opposedyea, I j o tonto one job, which aeecn'i be turned te idr afarmigbt. ihaoobosa out too. wflrote week,and Ihav« 1h.t<overB*'rof thft state hasomdy rowdvad not to the initiative and edsred terms f>i oaoaproooss them The quectten of atx-en to etver a haadred pteces smee Monday, sad couWa t i wli an extravr*- tam v at asHiB <)f the <»eneral Assembly of selves, there would aet at this time be so violent sadget anythftg to do. Wherever I wept ifrey had all the this Mate. !'-»»•#• there shall exist ouch a state of things general a feeling m the Sown for emancipation from rred trifl rt exttA as shall ormit of ao other lawful- ilt-tev of extra may be required toThe i-oathtra students te MUnmm Gn•war: ' Wo aowstet got anything tode; weoan t etrewpit t r w to eor c^rm baadf.' Aad wheroverl ••••wt medy. loasytofty who koowo.thopeaanst Siasiaot of jeaxyiaao otewe Uteihot Atawaas • toterehsdon.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069flaiisal fawajdam.There m but iatfe, d*aay cuojdease in the aasmoteoburg. Pa., have resolved to go home owe this duty t>,the South.Thee feel -hat tiow .' *days aad demanded that he increase the force at thatof eachTerritory*IheL'mtedStotesahoU,by they can to provide a way of escape from the calamities place, or she will take his neglect to do so as an intention- tional law, have talfts eoatroi ever all suajrrthe button;—dsamu apaftmjoe porott—"Beady with our minds and means 'VrBGIKTA.This consists of a double rosette of blue silk, with a letters to members from Now York say that over one Is Mr. Lincoln. He said the •irrepressible confMct" dod-pendant of lemon color, the whole fastened together by a hundred and sixty good firms dad names went trine frequently charged upon Mr Lincoln was the rssaM gilt button, on which appears te relief the arms of Vir- to protest during the test two days, and that of the opposing forces on the subject within the sHwaservatlve members of Congress for Urn suaeriag of themercantile and working classes of the North. Private to the further spread of the institution af slavery, aad sothroe His vote has surprised conservative men here,your correspondent last heard. „THE YOnrG MEN'S C*B*BI8TIA* UNION Of BOSTON.te privateconsultation withBomvor, Bos. U , IteO.of the Y oung Man's Christian I n a a j was held test night in Tremont Temple, for prayer for rha preservotiea of the UBJOB af the States. Bishop East*burn made an address. There was a ami a deep feeling was manifestedAPPBEHENDED POPTJLAB OUTBREAK rj BOSTONBOBKCT Dec 14, imi. Wendel Phillips will speak oa Sunday at Music Halloa 'Mobs and Education." It te talked of mobbifig bias te the street. ^^^^^THE ATLAS AND ABGUtt ON THE DWFiUQMCRISIS.AnaasT. Dec 14, 1M*.The Ado* owd Afpot of to-man elaborate article on 'Kmr Country'sBemody." In which it ft proposed that Mr minotratioo shall mwjstoses teoonstituuon suhatanttelly settled byof the United States, which puts Southern property ian rquality with Northern property te the! and that the faUowteg stosartmrutt be made to I stitutteaof the Cntted States —The Congrem amy eatohash goversawato for tte lories of the luitod States sad aay Territory pt putetion equal to the constituency of a Orgrem. and having adopted by a vote of theUnitedStatesnskliiatthiratea<can in form, may be admitted by iUnion a.- a State, aad neither the Coaarom aar the psopto otsTerritory,durugtheterrttoroJcondition,shall by iogadataoo or otherwise, ssmdty recegniard by the tews of any ofNORTH CAROLINA. comuasiowaaa TO SOCTH caaoLrwa.Hon. Badford Brown has iina Ifsfttetars a bdi proceed to Columbia, i pond any actios by which i and to await a itteaef aHi•raOELLANBOUB ITEHB. ormand interest www.fultonhistory.com 