 - iigMckH of the ***** ot the iter* from wblcbttcame The suggeaf.jn w « receivedwith aprooeteratethen. myabonldtbisbetbecasefftheycaaso awdatcrfcoaOtftVn,S\«t—OmaiOa Bdadrmi•Gene- toncyorder. BeaadGabriacsehruthavegoneintoaa rradUy S a l other employment*Strike. nipinincUHB» wCMIGUBItmEietOO VWLD«~AT LYNN.Sffi ^aara> aad a awwasatoa was foraaad and ntarabad to Mr. t W a J W ^ . T * ^ 6 .box at tUlr bead- Oa ar- rivhwthWn «*• ,,',P«»*»«i" front of t i e door, aad sometalktotbe ^•eaBaw*^ •eony anawaotaai•taeaoor,rtwaatortIdta^t,*BA*b4 wlibtha"scrape"ofleather,whichffffviWASSSHthe aTerageeragee which tbe Lyaa "jour*'' bare beet ra? Mity ifPrtptrtt, ale., dV. •pew fleemrtaenbJp at occe.4n1e^««glT«V »»•' eerurog tb* p w a t wmter, we are told. Is about $5 per tvei)• thing is hCTry and bustle here, pTefntlaf tor tha Ii i* too bad that the act-islitate of mTauaia tbiscoomrycarried several baaaard, week, or 7J canto aday. A large number of these work- campaign to Vera Ci< z Tbe preparations made for this cannot be made known abroad.' Whatever may beea jbe, "W* are worse treated titan the slaves or the South, la every sense, to far aa I can aee "W.4UKK*, a Baptist clergyman, took tbe stand. His address evinced a decided sympathy with the strikers. He closed by "hoping the strike would be successful in every tensa."demands from week to week In Marbiehead there hasbeen formerly sales of no inconsiderable amount to-Soutu-em dealers, either by tbe manufacturers or their agents,but there have been hardly any buyers lately trom theSouth In one manufactory w« noticed signs ror stamping This is but * mild specimen of the bombastic talk of the cases, via:—"Charleston. 8. C ," aau ouer Southern Mlramon and his young officers, who now infest every places. The proprietors weie moderate republicans,there has been too much of the "negro" agitation and his army could conquer tbe United States and put" Yta.'aald the Oralapeakar, "Idoot kaow hat we •re."the Tinned States the Yankees will Ibid they have a more ti.fficuit game to play than they bad before."Ike second party to the controversy now apoke up withaught to be- Tbeyoaat vote, nor complain, and wecan. And, then, juattblakof tt; th e slaves can't hold mass meetings nor "strike," sad are have t lost that privilege yet, thank the Lord." (Loud cheer*.)thenecessityofthecaserequiredthereadingoftheriot HewasfollowedbyRev.Mr.SMITH,who,duringtbearroog our members ot (-'ingress, and at borne among tlia them under tribute. Well, cm you believe tbat such igno-shoe mechanics of New England. T oe manufacturershave furnished the committee of strikers with a schelule rance and presumption prevail bare r I can assure yon n-gots has been atuckug Tialpam. Now, botbfwat apeakar—Hint's s o ; h a t what'Uleges aaaownt to, if they come to nothing'tlsmeo, the only superiority of oar oondiUoa over that ofact, or even the sending for an efficient body of police. After urgent persuasion a despatch waa seat, however, at a very late hoar in the day, for police from Salem anJ Danvers, aad the reply was sent back that Lynn had bet- ter take care of herself, or words to that-eflbot. If ever riot existed anywhere It is in full vigor here now.course cf bis remarks, made use of language ono would Scarce expect to hear from clerical lips.After further music by the band the Chairman read the following telegraphic despatch, which had just been re- ceived from Dover, K. H. :—of prices, ta which tbe prices are nearly as high as tho-ii asked for by the strikers, and the same for several of the kinds of work on misses shoe.-, so that it U probchle thethey do; and, if no more, they prove what I bave always told you: that it Is hopeless to think of getting on, in anyChalco and Tialpam may be seen from the turret! of tha cathedral of this city. Before Miramon has passu 1 Poebla the troops from lb* North and the Bajio will also be in tha Valley, and I dare say by the time Mramon reaches Ja-a."First Jour —"That's no way to talk to a boss; use emtablishing the Mechanics' Association in that city. It will now the noble men he saw before him had knocked the seems not to have occurred to them tbat these statistics, atrocities which have disgraced tbe annals of Mexico in clone. A t that point the water and ice carried a largebe observed that this strike Is like others in this remarkn- rivet out. and aaid to the employers, "grind up again and whi'e showing what tho South bays of the North, at the tne past year. The Tacubaya massacre, and the banish- queulity of lumber on to tbe railroad track, completelyble i^articular, that neither of the principal leaders, Mr. let us come together right." Oe was quite witty in his- samo time shows what the North sells to the South, and ment of British subjects, I believe, form the burthen of blocking up tbe road, so that no trains oould pass over itrcmarka, and strongly advocated tbe movemont how important the South is as a market for our produc- this diplomatic bombshell, wbich is now creating an in- yesterday Workmen were busy ail day in removing tha HewasfollowedbyMr.H L.BOWKAK,whoopenedby tionsandmanufactures. Andwhentheideahasbeensug- tensepanicinthepalace,andwhich will eithergooffor rubbishandrepairingthetrack,anditwas expectedthatstating that a few such meetings aa this, on the birthday gested tbat it might be injurious to us to lose so good a cus- go out en tbe 23d inat. The eiorgy now declare tbat Mr. it would b e ready for the passage of trains last night.decent and they'll have DOexcise for resisting us." Another Urn dsKuaed the right of the freedom of thethose privi- Youeee.geu-it thet t ^mM\\\\\\\WmmmmMm^mmt^"^m* aMu7fr3aaTtis*wW # W #«m\ wajeegfcapjnamesaatrue until are bar* saaa aaoraaf Waanaw a.tth »,.»«. u *~- " •- < • * * * w ^ w , auaoogn a aaea actmattera sixpence however, which way the LU-Jis all. The FfrWiMt htv* trade w a a Mexico, if eater*! isdareeecs oaa b» robed aweaj t a j , 'adopt ta regard to It. the|bet they were in Ott'._i_ii_tt^ J_MMA waaTM J"-J~""T —; .'"'t*^**'TM"TM^''"^T^*TM• » ajg^iiaiprjtote ita contents, were eriee of, "We'd abow 'in every dlreowoa, amid we'Uact if they Op try toi\some of them, perhaps, twice that number. This gives onlyaboutfourteencenUatthebest-toaomeait*six- pence—torecd.clotbe,warmandsheltereach person. No wonder they complain that they are starving, gome of tbe manufactorera say that they are able to pay no h l r h e r r a t e s , a a b u s i n e s s i s d u l l O n t h e o t h e r b a n J , a manufacturer-who writestortheAtlasaadAar-esysbeendeclaredoatooassailascaletocopewithanyeater- geacy."itisaotimprobable,"saysMiramcm,"tbattberr may be Yankees at vara Cruz, aad in tbat event are stal{ t t q u i r t ; 2 , 6 0 0 a h t l i a " A a d s o t h e s b e l b ; a r e n o w b e i n g cbarged. Tbetimefordeparturehasbeendelayedbybought waaa many rogue* of faSsws to miarsaeeaeut mattersteattheplainunvarmVredtruthiaplane*fit*rtL cule. ThisrecogattkmbyMr.Wagneratcalebbttftdto give the idea abroad tttu tbe party reoo.Us«d fea«e a cbaaw of a*e*eea, which t* the mam motor*** abeasdi* i B s a f r b m b i * . T h e p a r t y r e o o g n w «d b a v e a o c h a n c e o f success,andtheeffectofalltbediplomaticaidtbathas been given them bas been to drag the coantrv where hSouthernalaveata,wenavegottomanufactureourselves, Uptoto-daythemovementhaanotbsenaccompaairf1 ailedfttooverflowing Votedtoatrikeunanhaetuly.dealersstemtofavorthestrike,astheyareoftheopinion straint. Beggarsenhorsebackaremodelsofmodesty, lapawerhalibavethematteroffrom8,080to10,000libe-oat of this strike. (Cheers) Shall we fall, or ahallwe I oar superiority over Southern niggers? (Prolongedcheer*—cries of "We'll never fall—well starve to death flrat")another conversation between a " boas" and two of h is employee, among {the strikers wag more laconic and less respectful —Boas—" Good morning, gerXemex "first Jour —" Good morning, sir. I guest yon begin to think we are ia earneet '8ee}0<l Jour.—" Bow are ye* Wall, don't yoa think the beam Ti have to knock ander (excitedly) and use as de- es**?"Pnss " Havn't I always used you decent""First Jour—" Do you think 9250 enough for a man with a family to live on?'SecondJour—"No,youkrowyonhsvn'tusedasie ctat, and we'll show you bow to do it, too?'-"J have aiway 3 pa 1 ail I ould afford to." SecondJour.—"Yourmn't."tbat if the men stand out and no work is done fir a month, most of the old stock now on hand will be sill oil", leather will be cheaper, and they will be able to commence again with good wagts to the journeymen."rals hovering about this city.The papeia of this city are ettll violent about the McLaneDraper and his associate, Mr. Beebe, themselves belong press. Onethought that every paper that didn'tsub- totheclass ofrx.cn over whomthey have such adanscribe to their principles oaght rr» b e hootsd down a n d porous Influence.NEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, mrtoFEBRUARY 3 5 , I860 .-TRIPLE be^supjtorted,jrhrtherrtworksataprofitorkm.^r/reaeBt rboefxaaar*' Inmble*. The /aaraai say* U •__t|*JB_aanBW«kB^a*B^*M*eni ak-aaa. eB^aaa^*Bn-B_m^B-*«> •—• -*• -* m as _ _ a — at *a_ _ niauuftticrera art iwr mu'ng DOprow oat of too-^*^^^r'3^# ^JJfBL-,.^^^*^*^^^^t-^?wl**^B*-waw"WMSjAAOLTmen, and they will take care of themselves, aecording to____fs^5SiwA"«SSthe* vera eoaaideriac what-Tram, fnilsda/lliuox,aad advise _„b«toT^,tu«harmedtotheMtools, we'll nail it up Just as it waa before and put it backla the depot; if it contains unmade ahoe*, we'll oarrv itback to the store where It came from, for no •iom*uuric- pcrted. Some of this »tnad wore badges, and others wa3 willing to bear whatever blame was attachedto it. against the confirmation of the referee's report are, turedshoescangooutofLyaa".flovdcheer*)Thewerewithoutthem.WheretheybadbeenorwhatwereHestatedthattheshoebottomerswereaboutto.petUionbox was opened and the statement of the owner reriSsLIt was then taken back to the depot.WHAT iaK aOSSKB BAY.I embraced the opportunity afforded by this adjourn-ment, In company with a nntlerjsan of Lynn, to visit seve-with some boxes of material, the crowd attacked the the present Legislature, they would be with the next. HeGeneral Term, which had no jurisdictionor powerto make an order of reference.Tbe Court has no power to compel tbe defendant O pro vide more than a -'suitable al'owaoce to t h e complainant for her snppogt," aud in making this allowance the Court are to act "having regard t<> the circumstances of the par- ties respectively."Tbe Court has no power, and is not justified, legally or morally, in making a partition of the husband* estate as between him and his wife, nor in making an order of dis- tribution, as If he were dead, and yet on principles more generous to ber than if he were actually deceased. The allowance for permanent alimony cannot legally com mtnee until after the final judgment In fixing the allow- ance for alimony the incobate right or dower should bs taken Into account The amount ahould not, nor can it bemoved by the freshet, so tbat no trains could pass over it yestercayCAaflKft WaralaV* wewaaysaaeh* ew»ahawasnes*V M H u d aMJt OIABWWIBBBB BftBwh Iheheaaa kfauhMahk* **#pwawthei^mwsae>wl»ft'o•"••'•**^awaaaatWWM B BUBuslaTtltfla trouble, as theywhieki fhtaistriken genernlly Jake about thek"gftff •boemakers ot thatpmoa, heldL »*«»«i»«S1 5*"'***?£ dav tiw liifc liMtsst wore chosen a committee to preaeat to iou\ffaotionand wWhaaof that meeting, coueeromg matter*—spring of lsoo, at the first election under the city charter,he was cbosvc by the people Superintendent of Schools,and waa ta-electcd to tbe same position tbe followingyear. In1857,at tbepassage ortheactenablingHo-boken to introauce water into tbe city, Judge Charles wasappointed aae of the Commissioner* to carry oat the pro-visions oftbat act, and npon tbe organization of the States. "Ths treaty,' » • "*"'•hht storeand walk! aae street atat hatkr'i of tea tkroiiibfteVomnmaasa mat their preaeat oaatpasawMwaforlaterIntbeday ^ ^_.n 0 WfromtheUnited Weareveryanx1c«afor*bei««newsa POi.icMtay AMSXT9 mm AcraoBira.at about hair past one o'clock, officer Palfrey attempted to arrest a m an aaaaed Parrot, w h o w a s isuutrwaaa.alatfrasaoae to o^aaat, but has M 1LMUMQ|MU| waat4 • • a^fWVwIrajiy ppocood^dBarak h a ••aafty," waaak h e add about himtill be had cleared ano rwawwa-r gawe rise to a raaaor that the officerHk partnl, aad tha waa aaaaetlaaaa eiaggarated or two bad beea hit. A waiter a waa very sure of tbe troth of the sto- iam,withtear*iahiseyee. thatthreeorr t ^ ? ^ **.*.***.— —— IW E L T ^ thaa* ftv s-£— ilafami •sat *>ia*IIII tmWIwgwMUBsEtVUIlgllOnpDemnltyaraTeVmto column.What place next?Boardti the Board, a position which h e occupied until the day.''•t a at the time, and that no oae waa hurt even1? and 17.Indoingtbb)wabar*thebastfciaarestaof aseBtaanfaatnra**. A POLITICAL ^ ^ g A L VIEW OF THITW facts were that the officer had a o pistol a aIXATET) oaf m e "JOTM" BT A "KrSI!.,wMX tOWa\f*affi UBBA dlasTbfit LB s\ aMlJIawswi h * t |His stealthy motion* toward* a freight earInotherStatesthe ~who furnishcapitalhaven e -tdtdUiee^-sB^jrj^- n tr 'yawthaU barewith about titty men, marched into the square and diapoint* upon which the defendant relies in bis objectionssafe here after Mr Matbew's departure is perfectly cer-tain; and tbe mere thought of the rate of Duval, Chase, sengers will be ticketed through to vTfnjted, aad errauge-ifS m Kmm fi^-- *o*year,wearenottold.Iu- imee,a*dDitpenimoftkeJmmr«Gj*rn UWmttmm AW awaaaaa jrenaere—rYo Ckamr o / eOtTTDOOBAt tbe eoaelualoa of this Uttte epuwd* a aaeattag walIagalM, James Wlon aad A. Jackaoa. question, and a^nore attentive and orderly gathering oookl hardly be brought together.tbeycaa afford to increase workmen's wages 100 per present strike.their plans of action, I could not learn. our Legislature to abolish th e giving out or that work inwhatever, because the reference was ordered by theble at tbe idea of Mr. Mathew's departu e, for he has doue with tbe least possible de'ay.just aa much Tor Americans aa he has for his own coun- The Hartford, Providence and Flshkill railroad brtige,As Floyd's express wagon was on its way to West Lynn our State prisons, and if they wore not successful withtrymen. Still, go he will, I feel certain, unless tbe clergy at Hop river, between Andover and Wlilrmaatte, waswagon, and taking posEessiOQ of the boxss, carried them back to the shop whence they were originally taken.closed by remarking that the Natick shoemakers couldwell stand a sixty days strike, and urged those who stillheld off (whom he termed •' torics') to Iota with them.yield to the demands he has now made upon them. It isnot unlikely that, in case Mr. Mathew goes to Vera-Cruz,there will be a considerable decrease of our foreign pop i-lation at once, owing to the danger of living here longer. the heavy masses of ice were piled up against the rail-The superintendent of tha workhouse started with hislittle river, at Hartford, was swollen hv tbe rains, and road bridge, making a compete ice dam, and causing a,ral of the pracipai "hoaaaa." Oae of them, who is one wa^on to take a lot of goods to the Institution to be Mr. D. M. GKRXY, followed He denounced tbe practiceof the largest, a*not the largest manufacturer ta the city, warked np, when he wa* assailed by the mob, who at- of paying " orders' for work done, advised them not toThere were some nopes. not loug since, thai an arrange- sudden rise of water, which (says the Tma or last even ment could be made between the two parties. These, ingj threatened serious consequences to tbe jail, to Ko-gsrs Bros electro plating factory, to the dwelling house* thereabouts, and to the river border of tbe park. At one time the water rose three feet in fifteen sninutes I The bouses on Hicks street were partially flooded, and the.look me into his lofts, and showed me his stock on hand. tempted to take his boxes away. With commendable submit, until from sheer want;to 'stick to, 'and demandTwo storeys of a large building were completely occupied energy and courage, he jumped upon his boxes, and the rates—cash and no orders, and closed by wishingwith boxes and racks of shoos, many of which had beea lor a long time on hand. He said he waa glad of the strike, to far aa he waa concerned, but ho pitted the poor atrikera, for he believed much misery would oe causeddrawing a revolver, cautioned hla assailants against car rvingout their purpose. It is hardly necessary to say t i n ho waa allowed to go on bis way without further mo testation.them success and triumph.Next came Mr. SAMI'EI. SrsaRxs, who is reporting thismovement ror the New York Ziuiwng. H e also spoke of the oppression of "due bill," relating some instances that had come to bis knowledge. He made an attack upon the Hon. D. W . (looch.tor his recent speech in relation to the condition of tbe New England operatives, and cloaed by expressing sympathy with h e movement.however, no longer exist The proceedings of Mr. McLaueat Vera Cruz, and the message of President Buchanan. haveembitteredtheclergytosuchadegreethattheyhavecommitted themselves to a thorough ultra policy, from whichthey cannot now be persuaded. Later they may be Hicks street school bad to adjourn. The plied up ise toreamong thtm. He said he had been warns, money far a At half past five o'clock, a bundle of material wasaway the standing timbers (m part) ot the old railroad bridge at Mulberry slre*-l, and tbe whole mass of icw went. ThebodyoTamanwaaseenborneonbytheyear or tu .re. He bad t o faith in the success ot a atrike, but aald when he ooold afford to pay higher wages he aboaM do soseized ta the depot, and carried into Draper's room, op posite tbe depotdriven from i t Several persons of large capitals, sus- pected of leaning to foreign intervention, have recen Jy attended the anti American reunions of Miramon and L:s-3 -!lr*UkS w^ w,Sr^ou. b'ataM^baaw^aTs.SHEET.Mj£xicoCrrt,Jaa.l»,B«a• JaaasaVea) Fero t>a»—CHericslJtfaadun mifX Jkaatct» a Wm earn Ou ftafts}•?* no hams*,TBIMB ire a*""•.^j- laraagbimamnVwSba^p^^* *•w^sw1 eraaltteaOnewas:— ocapaajutpSAB*JUST,movawrvBBASVcsttnaaxmenhavefemale* averagingatleanOre persons each- campaign,beforeMirenwa'gMora fromtbeinterior,nave •Jtddonebytbaa*whosoeakth?truth,the clergy haresuppressed. "Let's atop'em on the eara," said he, "and The crowd around Central square to-day ha* beenaa of Washington, would bring on a premature resurrection torr«-r, they have scouted it as absurd, and have told the aiathew wishes to make himself dictator of Mexitw, and Fortunately the merchants and manufac.urers on thapc< i.'e here that tbe South cannot live wi'hout the North. that no foreign representative Bball take such liberties Birmingham e-ide were prepared ror tbe freshot, havingtfsayef the 'acoitch' gets into town, 'hoc 'em out' and great as it was yesterday, and much more noisy. Bad of that" old gentleman " (Laughter.) He believed thismake kindling wood : ut ot them.'' •4"No," said another, we should be worse than Louis Na- liquor begins to show Ms effects, aad although the self' a contest for bread and butter, not for fashionable liberty.with them. But we shall see. If Ui*y do not complywith his demands h« will go to \ era Cruz to a certainty.If they do fall tn at the but moment, aa 1yield to bisyet none the less is the want of its custom felt by us demands, they will be forced to give guarantees Yesterday afternoon the water began to recede, and hereattheNorth.Andwhentheprooforthisresultis forthosafetyofthelivesandpropertiesof lasteveningitwasfallingfast,andtheicefromaboveconstituted police, calling themselves "the committee," He despised those who ?till work at the old prices, but ad- poleon, then. I.H ihem print wDat they — please, only are powerless to prevent what by decent men and lovers mitted that their sympathies wore with them, and coanarecangive'em<>uropaaionofem' oforderwouldbecalledoutrages.Afewexamplesof selledhishearerstomarkthosemen.thattheyreapnone Athird pat hv—"Yea, hot we have a perfect right not to the truth ol the statements made above, occurred in my of the advantages of the strike unless they joined with take their 'scabby papers, and that's what w e ougbtar presence. them. He deprecated all use of force or assault, but he do" [Cheers ware here given fir several Boston papers The City Marshal, Mr. Th'ireton, who, by tho way, is a did advocate moral suasion. He deemed tbe cause whichby the or grander*, and tlh> Traeeliir received its full share of applet.se, and oae Lynn paper and one Boston paper some rather a&vompLme ntary hiflna and groaaa)THE COKTKKTS O F A BOX IN'VSSTIUITKD. Thetir- lemoostration of any note, after the atrlkerr bad began to collect u> the square, was caused by the u n -Bui now we see and feel tho result, andfindthat although the want of oar manufactures may be felt at the South,removed their goooa from tbe cellars Into the upper stories, and cciiSequeutly none of them Buttered any loss rave delay.toadlDg. at the depot, of aboe boxes from the express and but for the aid of another of the erowd, who struck many shoemakers. Every one out or other employment tht i workmen on the other. But the case is far difie iof J. F. Sanson Aasoon as.the dnver waa aeen the knife from the hand of the would be assassin, tbe turned too and went to making up this poor work, which rent with the workmen themselves. They have no retothefeelingsoftheKnglishnationor iuaccordancewith damage wassustainedbeyondthelossofafewstacksof his own desires. England does not wish to i?ivc causefor salt meadow hay.disagreement with the United States by interfering in We learn that a bridge at WatervHle, near vfatertown,In try men Vh--» crowded up on alt sidea. dered. real good ahoemaker could not obtain a livelihood. H is Too owner of UM> b o s appeared, edged h is w a y Shortly afterwards, Mr. Samuel Lord, a police offiser, remarks were received with applause.Into the throng, mounted the box, and cried out was protecting a box which had neon left in the railroad Mr. IRA FBUH then addressed the meeting. H* really at the top of hla voice, "Them ain't sboea—thes's depot, when thd cry of "shoes" was raised, and the mob believed that strikis were conducive to health. He saw earpeater'B tools!" •• O, yoa can't «oo) us," was the rushed upon him aad threw him down aad crowded him the same faces before him that be saw at their first meet- reply. The box was urVea out into the square, and Mr. across the street, abusing him In a variety of ways as ing fourteen days ago, and they really looked brighter Napoleon Wood, a promment striker, seaall of stature, they went along. At last he drew bis revolver upon the now than then Ho apoke in terms of reproach of a but exceedingly energetic, mounted it, and addressed the crowd and they fell back, preferring to live a while longer selectman of South Natick, who had applied the term owner:—" Sir, we are goiag to open thst box;If Hcontainscessary for tbe support and comfort of themselves au families. They are the only persons who really feel an suffer the bitter consequences.Thi Forreet Divorce Caae. SPTEBIOR COCRT—SPECIAL TEUM.Before Hon. Judge Moncrief-Catkarine If. forrat vt. Edirin Forrat —The principalStates, she cannot withdraw from ben- until o ir policy is are* i tain tbe particular*country to the unbridled perse<Mtioo of the clergy. carried away Of course tho trains cannot pass over it. It is probable this might produce more speedy ac Mr Waterbury, Superintendent of the road, was ta tho tion; but to expose more of us to the assassin's city last evening, making arrangements for the purchaserather than face such an argumentAt about half past three o'clock, Mr. (Oaptela) Conner," rioters" to the atrikera. (this was mentioned by several of the speakers, aad created oousidcrable feeling.) He acknowledged himself a ringleader of the movement, anddagger for this desirable object wotld be too heartless apolicy. Tbat neither Americans nor Englishmen will beof timber, and repairing of the bridge, and tt Is bis opinion that it wili be ready for the passage of trains in the course of three or four day* In the meantime, pas-bad brought on this state of things to bo because the prices paid to workmen had been so low that they could not afford to do good work; the consequence was that a great portion of the shoes made were thrown away, as they became use-All Ibis is mTf well and safe ror those leaders who have no sacrifices to make, but avail themselves of this agita tlou to g<»t vote* to place themselves ta omc»*fl of bono sod jrout It is s-afe to those largo manufacturers alsgood manVaod would doubtless do his duty if ho was pro-perly backed, attempted t> arrest a man to day, when hisprisoner was rescued by the mob,and upia his arrestingone of the rescuers, h e was set upon b y several hundredmen, and barely eicaped with his life. During the senile, less after very little u.se; this made leather scarce, and a who can make up their lossf s or want of profit oa th it is exceedingly difficult for Mr Mathew to act according one highly excited "striker" drew an ugly kaile upon him, rise ta its price. Another cause waa the making of so one hand, b y proportionate reductions in the wages oivayiog It Into tl» lepot, he was completely hem- Marshal would have been badly wounded, if not mur almost any one could do. The consequence wk3 that a sources but their own labor; and the best wages are ne Mexicu.and as she awaits the movements ot the L'o.ted was washed away by tbe tiood, but bave not beea able toAn Incident that came very near leading to serious roABOtacr -atas" said he was S10,ftJ0 poorer now than salts occurred opposite Mr. B-ilium's store, in Etihacge Mr. George Brown was loudly and repeatedly called legally enhanced, according to tbe Court's estimate or the officers, and the quiet and gentlemanly Gen Vega bas flood, and beyond the power of rescue. It waa carriedhe should have beea if he had not mauufaOured a shoe street Mr. Philip Woodfln, aa expressman from Marblo-for, but though present would not take ths stand.Mr. BintKHKU) being called, stated that though a manufacturer in a tmall way, yet he believed they werer>iiib«">d's alleged c linquency, and tho refers does not come out with a most bombastic manifesto, calling upon over DanH's dam. and in full view of a crowd of epecta ii. _ •* case profess to have acted on any such ground. Irs fellow countrymen to arm for tbe conflict agamst the tors on Main street bi idgc: it came down and passed under ihe amount to be allowed the wife a.-, "suitable" for her United States and the traitorous liberal party. Every- the arch, went by acd passed over the lower dam, andtor a year. He also lacked confidence in the strike. He head, started to return with a box of coffee m h.s wagon, believed that the Interests of the workmen and "bosses" when the word was given that he was about carryiogright; had been ta tbe trade some thirty year*, and "support," and "just, ' is to be measured in reference to thing tends to extreme measures, and latterly the conductwas carried under the i*>*.The Spring Trade of Charleston, South Carol tan*(From the Charleston News, Feb. 21 jIt is witb gratification we announce that the spring Lrada of Charleston has op.ncd well and actively. A Large num- ber ot country merchants are coming in, the hotels aro filled, and our wholesale houses fully engagedTbe merchants of Charleston have kept their promises to the people ol tbe South, and now have ready tor thetr purchase aud consumption large- and well selected stocks in every department of taade, which they offer at reason abie prior* and on liberal terms—prices aad terms whicb they pledge are and ah«il lx- ou a level with tLo»c ot New York or any other Northern city. One of our oldest and most respectable merchants, in whose word and e t p e n ence implicit confidence can be placed, assures U* u n h i s personal knowledge of the goods market that this state meni to strictly correct, and tbat Charleston was never a o well prepared to supply the country. And, too, tbe good* are oi the most appropriate classes and the latest styles, having been selected witb judgment and taste, aad with special reference to the want* and fashions of the ?or.th.were identical, aad tha prosperity of one class was sere shoes out of town. A rash was accordingly made for thethevalueofthehusband'sestate,onlysofarastoascer- ofCorticesinTexashasreceivedtheheartypraiseoftaetain whether his means will enable him to pay that sum, having reference to other claims upon his estate. But when the suitable amount has been ascertained, it cannot be legally increased b y any proof of h is ability tb p a y more.toheshownbytheother.AM "INCINBIA»T" UCTTKK HBCSIVKO BY ONI OF THE "BOSSES."In this connection we give the following copy of a tettar received on the 17th teat . by Mr. Isaac Newhall, o n e of the principal bosses It w a literal transcript of the origi- nal, with tbe exception of the profane expreeaions.of which decency vould require an om'BB^E —wagon,andMr.Wood&nwasdraggedoutintothemob. The instant he landed upon the ground ho begau by well directed Mows to scatter his assailants In every direction, and in a few minutes had cleared a space of some feet aroand him, so that b e could give an explanation, which be did in worda as well directed as were his blows, as he expressed a wish that he had bad a revolver and he 1' would have blown the brains of some of 'em out." H ecomparedtheworkdonesomeyearsstasctothestyle6f work now. greatly to the amusement of tho audience. He dissected a fourth quality Natick brogan, showing that there was not really ten cents wortn of leather in the wbole shoe. He was followed byclergy journals of this capital.If the plaintiff be right in claiming an allowance from t b e commencement o f t h e suit, then such allow- The nrrlfltitir of that letter are not generally known in accused his opponenta of cowardice, and used considera makers lesgue, and standing by each other. Hetookoc- ance should be based upon the means which be is proveda W concluded ia condemned by every individual gave Mr. Woodtin permission to leave the town.They (the press) would always succumb to the accumulations of what he possessed in 1860. The effect withdrawing their forces towards this capital; and,whoexpress** aa opinion abowt it, as Infamous. The source from wheaoe a emanated » n o t and probably will not be known; but oertaioly a waa n o t contrived b y say of the prominent strikers or b y any well wisher to the cease"Lynn February tha 161M0"J. Newhall"as you are the father of all thi* Misery and oppressionia the ah.* Trade w e take tbis opportunity to inform you that we want yen to fork over a little af your cash aay Irvahuadreddollar*toaidusaloag,asyoabar*madeaa independent fortune by taking bread out of the poor shoei ehildreas months to gratify year own SvarlcJouaIn the early part of the afternoon several boxes of stock were sent to the depot from t h e store o f Messrs D. C & C Buffurn, and the mob, as usual,'made a rush for the wagon and succeeded in getting away some of the boxes. One or two ot them were put Into the baggage car and it was locked up Soon an attack w a s made upon tbe car with a crowbar, tor tbe purpose of obtaining tbe box, but through the Intervention of one of tbe "committee" and oae of the city police, the attempt waa relinquished.The above is a bur statement of tha condition of thing*rich, in order to secure their advertising and patronage. Mr. W A . CVTIKR related eome instances that occurred ta the shoemakers' strike in Philadelphia, going to show how the present strike may be made successrul. He spoke or their political power, which he proved was great. He denounced aristocracy generally, and shoe manufac-turers' aristocracy particularly. He spoke (though a re- publican himself) of political demagogues (shoe manufac- turers) who belonged to the republican party, and statei as his opinion, that while they fought against Southern slavery, they were extending white slavery in Massachu-of doing BOi.-' to regulate the allowance for one year ac- as this process goes on, the liberals are gradually cording to what his estate may have been worth on the galning groend. There i s a report here—but how true Ifollowing ve*r.tbat the incorporation of the bank had not been proved constantly coming up under the very walls of tbis t although our season promises a good bmnbcas, yet a coocity. Tbe other day, while spending a day in stderable number have pawe-d on to tbs North. and undaraad if you don't come u> the scratch in that time woe b e ante yea aad youra" Beware. yoa elvil•' fflg'raM b y m y hand•< Dmboaaloo* chief of the fallen angels a a d king o f the Battt-mleat" Pkt"Tata waa Meswed by a number of blasphemous epithets,which we refrain from givingA " BOSS" AOM8 niKSJthF.la eeaacqwnoa of thai letter, aad other threats whichhave been thrown out, aaaae m Mr. Mawbatl'a baarlag or reported to.ban by etbor part*, he deemed himself and ha property In danger, and prepared himself for s o yin which he might b e placed. Either by b is 1 or by accident, due that became pO-"W MM? ..S'..?^y.ftg?i,?nf?!!TT.?l* " " "* **•ens* aae, warraatan ny tae cireuaaataacea- others dernawl-though! of. *SLJ*.*? <*TfZ** \l^»smtery toprovokeVterday morning I understood that a vote was passed that thecoaomitteewasaottointerferewithgoo,isbeingsent out of town, but in the afternoon there were more dis- graceful proceedings than bad occurred at any pme pre- vious star* the taovsmeat began.other things they were in need of. Happening to know Many mercbaata from Missiwipp', ^ b * f * t S t-ckSsoneoftheirofficers,1wastreatedwellenough. They•surreundtcgStateshavecomebrrewith»!*»«*J^esT 1TherearenowintbeState of Mexico aome four or five bands like this one. There is no discipline amongst them, and most of the men follow their officers only In conside- ration of the privileges they have to rob to tbe name of the constitution. Should t h e constitutionalists gain t h e day, most of these very men would follow tbe same busi- ness ta the name of the clergy.at bis residence, in Washington terrace, Hoboken, onThursday afternoon, arter a brief illness Of two weeks,(torn hemorrhage of the stomach, in the sixty-secondyear of hla age. Mr. Oharlcs, who was highly esteemed,baa been a resident or Hoboken for tbe past eight years,and has held several otl.ccs of honor and trust. In the war with tbe United State* The cJergy J g g f c m w as we Charleston stock* are moat abwarlaat, can meat thoIn Lynn at this momentA'meeing waa bald this evening in Lyceum Hall,at setts. He believed that the words of the Senator wouldTha Fulton Bank Defalcations. COCKT OF OYEB A\f) TEItlftKBK. He-fore Hon. Judge Ingraham.Will the country merchants and people or the Sooth periorm their part in return in this eilort u> build up Southern trad*-- We fear not as fully as was promised andwhich it w a s voted that meeting* be held in the several wards, instead of having a general meeting in Central aejaare. Speeches were mad* by Mr. Dillon, the Chairman; and Measra Draper and Joeselyn, Mayor Davis and Alder- man Cummiaga, aad others.com© true, that slave* will ba counted in tho shadow of Bunker Hill. IMr. Cutler evidently reads tho HBRALU.J•Mind unJesa the moaay is forthcoming your propertyta m Jeopardy, a hint to the wise ought to be sufficientNitaaag will deter a s From carrying o a t our purposeThai asavtssioa which yon are tha sate canoe af makesdeaaarate men We will give yoa oae week to do thisin tbe riotous spirit manifested to day is very doubtful. Yes- Messrs. C.fc G Davis hare done the same.according to the provisions of tbe statute and tbe bankinglaws cf 183f and subsequent amendments, and contendedtbat if tho bank w a s n o t legally incorporated no offenceagainet a corporate body had been committed, and the irom whom they exacted a large sum of money and some patrons to their coarse. , . K „Wbethar the tendency of this meeting will be to diminishWe understand that Mr E. B. Saunders acceded to the demands of the strikers s^me days since, and we believethe country—about twelve miles off—I w a s with these ragged scamps for several boar*. They were the* pay- ing a visit to a factory belonging to one of their enemies,circumstances calculated, unlees understood, to d<> isjus tice and Injury to Charleston. W e feel it to be our Juty to call the attention of the Southern people and their localAt a meeting of the (ours on Tuesday evening, a commit- tee was appointed to report a permanent organization of special policemen, who will go on duty to morrow tbe craft on Saturday evening. There was much enthu- siasm. While tbe meeting was ta progress, a delegation Trom Essex Engine Company entered tbe ball and pre- sented them with the funds of tbe company—fin—to befewarticles." J J J ^ . ^ " „ r havethe cred.t atThe Mayor this evening haa sworn about one hundredmorning^ t b * % W - af home have exacted_ « _ _ _ »VVtOGSBUQ* OF T B I CBAFT—FDBUO grBMIgS, RESOLUTIONS, ETC.is known thatTowa have atrnsk tar lbs foliowing asale <mThe meeung seat a delegation to Lynn. It is thought by many that there is no doubt bat Newboryport will even-tually yam tbe strikers. _ _ _ _ _ _lv constsung of a wife, son and three daughter*"flrr Oka*TM oeH<»m~.-A^dm«to•eateityeJae^oxHebotot^comBM-of tbat place, and a *fc-lM1-d to «» Letbdature ofBrooklyn NaayJ**!***.*. t oTHE STRIKE AT NATICK, [FromthoBoajanBee,Feb.U3.Jtheir premSw*Y esterdsy was tbe fourteenth d a y o f tha strike among tbe sfec*makera of Hsffiok. Oa tbe lath instant they iasued the following o r a t e * frasa which Urn reader may gather U.naaaraoltbeardwaaaad..- ^ ^u m1 have just learned tbe name of the American shot atKstancia de las Vacas. It was Hoffman, and be was the nurchased here If thta deception does act amre, theyTO T B B trtBOmW Mm\MMP TmW* 9 laiewwfcsE W ******vest*We, the undersigned, at a paaattna of asarty «waademands of all comers, aad are oflered oa tbe cheapen terms. A n unusually large portion of these has bean di recti/ imported, and that af Atnertean goods obtained direct from the manufacturers at the.first lowest oostTbetruth%thesemerchants bavepersistedhipassing on to New York, not because they oaa do better there, hot because they oaa have there a protracted aad piea- saat personal frolic.Let the Southern people everywhere uaderetand that it ?^ov orabouttl.000,000willlprobablyleave bare isimpossiblerorSoutherncitiesu>meintoareatmartsofa W a t O n P l b f l t u n l a a t u B B B m H M a w * W T » a i a T l • J a r W B g s r ^ ^ U B B w w B F l w a s n w a d w B l o a a r w * d * * , * t s h r w e w m, | r w e * r w - scomavToe, or to eetabhab direct trade andftjrrtberncorn- mereml lelif HHIBBC, ante** their wholeJ^fP-J? riven to these and the means thus tumiahed tat toe"Thatek*a^P ^*iiel!!wi^,d.1r7r*ct.aIlotbsr sapponatoarrcf his dealt,ciate Judge for Hudson county in joint session of the Le- gislator*. He waa sitting npoa the met beach, which has hut eloaeel aa Banian, until oae or tw o days previous to bat illnea* Ia addition to the ether public positions, bepositions, ne was Treasurer and Secretary of the Hoboken aad HujOty Horse Railroad Company. Mr. Charles leave* a fMr. Chariot leaves BOwl-wA^ramon for VeraCroz.ntChmrckPtrtyJr^Mirawuns Mean* Jar Operating on Vent Cmt— The Liberah Abotrf to ftsieye Mmioo CKy—AW Clergy far jhareaw imssarw wtfk Ou Rata* Safes, ale.Tbe rruasisn Minister, Mr. Wagner, haa recognized theclergy faction aa the legitimate government of Mexicotrades aad pi urwssMia demaad the aaaae support Whenatour iforlabor.our ~aa awleft as bote'—.ekterint that wa have recently beep'a*t oown" from ato cM-bair of our (eraser rams, which must drive manv'ofto poverty aad Barbae*crtme, we feel it not only our right, batour daty, to aak those whose pram eomas from our labor bet-aMaxt.X). Feb. 6,1860. Ltg(UmaUbg F m s i a -BBa* xaana, • « • w e mcTM- « ^ _ bold their eonatry merchants r*epoaafbJ aad wrongs to Southern trade and cities^ u,,!,. neglectprtcet —first oaaJtty work o* men s kip, » c""••"'1IS; fourth, \f, Boya kip, M, 17 and 1«I'' *^l SS,^«o Liiiisami principally uf coal, which This piece of busmen took place tbe day before yeater^ rttoojed i^JfSptatrart, tbe principal depot Torre- to^re- day:andalthoughnotisrealityofany greatImportance, "^K^r^eaartore bene*willbetaabewtehrbicrs w*H a* ewr owv* aad thbe world at largsea, at heart; Imnaeasamuatb the saasasa improves tha value of real otute mewd for •tanufaetured *"'**•. aad prosaoSSito prevent fraud or i •r* and tha employ lot[From the Boston l'ost, Feb. 33.]it ha* been turned to account by the clergy in completing * i r 2 £ «£a*^rboVnhtoa*<rffurther loans for money. "Very well," say* tbe disin- {"•JSfon board aay veasel or the Home Sq-jadroo, c a oMUBTWO,usedincarryingout tbestrike. Yesterday therewas some considerable, enthusiasm manifest, but nothing defi- nite will take place till after the report of tbe committed on Saturday.AT MILFOBD.There was no demonstration at Milford, though fromabroad, a t least, It was expected there would b e T h e town presented its accustomed appearance, the ahoe- makers pursuing their avocation as oa other days.^The stranger certainly would not have been struck that there was a atrike going on or thought of.AT DOVER N. H.The shoemakers of Dover, N IL, held a moating yes-terday, in Merrill* Hall, which waa filled to overflowing. It waa characterized by great enthusiasm- A number of speeches, full of spirit and pop, were made, and a vote was unanimoualy passed to strike. Therefore, Dover wheelsern purchases, There ': ^ reliant* a r e b o t deceiv- toptbem, and propose to do tt *?!>•*£*•*• hw wods marked conspicuously with Charleston brands, i!nd fearing tbem to infer that their whole stocks wereMr.GBORUEE.RexKWOOP—Who,though notashoe- maker, but a carpenter, strongly counselled them to stand up f%r their rights. He advised them to join the shoe-The cabinet of Miramon, it is said, is to be remodelled, and a thorough war to the-knife cabinet formed. Should this charge take place, tbis capital will become specially hot quarters for foreigners, especially Americans.The constitutional secret junta ta this capital has under- gone a complete change in tbe past fortnight Senor Zarco, the old chief of the junta, made same very severe rem irks against the MclAnc treaty. Tbis gave offence to Juarez,Lyaa, though tha fact of its reception and ita purport have ble "rough talk," all of which was well received by the casion to denounce the press generally, and the Bostoncome to tbe ears of the pabfic- But it is needtss to ear crowd. • Herald in partltfllar; warning h i s hearers n o t to be dis-thai vary lew ooald be foand, even among the most ul- During the urstpart of this scuffle I was informed that couraged b y newspaper articles, for h e believed, ittra of the strikers, to endorse even the threat which the a knffe waa drawn and woaid have been used but for t i o waa the interest of the general press to denounce made to ber from 1860 to 1869, by the amount of property Tho news from the interior or the country hastetter contains, while the revolting language with which intervention of one of the "committee." The crowd finally all strikes; they wt-ro against, not for thorn. whic; be may have acquired during that period, or the no features of special interest The clergy areAfter a vote of thanks to th e Natick Brass Band!, the meeting adjourned until Saturday evening next.THE STRIKE AT OTHERPLACES. TBS STBISB IN MAKHLEUKAD.conviction was void.Mr. Burrell was heard foe tbe prosecution, and contend-ed that all the re, .irements of the law had been complied with.Mr. Brady, for the defence, replied, and the Judge re- served his decision.The Court adjourned to eleven o'clock Saturday morningHoboken City News.DKATE or JUDGE CHARLES.—Judge Edmund Charles diedtold me they knew they could not conquer just yet, but ' to New York, already purchased and in that' P g J ^ that they could and would keep up tbe war, aad they in- \ have barely skimmed our market and slocks. »<***** tended to do it by making their enemies pay tbe expenses. 7 _?*«.. ..Tniwml on It has transpired that theyTHE HEWBDBYPORTSHOEMAKERS. Tbejoaraeymea shoemakers ot Newburyport held meeting on Tuesday evening, and alter some discussion itm-ta decided not to join lu the strike at present. A com- mute* was chosen to see that someahmf b e done t o r e - medy tbe evil of the participation of the expressman in producing competition, and thus cutting down prices.lb 1868 Mr. Charles was appointed Asso-IKT^ . - * »atriktag shoemakers* that theirrsBfMaf,lead oretobtapoa taeaa that a \ movement w tuand they were ready to acknowledge thefact tbat cafeinthiscapital. EvenoldermenbelievethatMiramonThe shoemakers of i><>v er assembled Iti Morrill's Hall, and men will be at work in a week or two Some of the ebape, with these people without putting them under re-by any serious act o f violence, b u t t o day t h e seed h a s sprouted, and if tome decisive a c t is n o t done b y some authority there ia no telling what the consequences may bo.The leader In this movement, as Is well known, is Mr.Alooao G. Draper, who has, for some reason, been re-markably active in organizing tbe movemont in Lynu andin extending it to other towns, where the shoe manufac-ture is carried on. Mr. Draper is, we understand, a na-tive of Sonth Boetcn, being a eon of A. Draper, the musi-cian, aad la now not far from thirty years old. YoungDraper for a time travelled as a supernumerary withJohn Adams, known aa " Yankee Adams;" afterwardsmarried a daughter ot Mr. Andrews, formerly kee ?er ofLeverett street {ail, and hired for a considerable time with he denounced in strorg terms. He also stated that in re- or it; but the grent cause is something else. Our great pet on with it in peace will be impossible. Miramon is day the ice la tbe Naugatuc, at Derby, broke up with a tre-ha father In law, having, as has been uncharitably hint- ed , an Indisposition to hard labor.Mr.Draperi*amanofsomellttloeducation,andcent conversation with seme of the manufacturers, they had said that if they would drop one cent Irom the rates demandedtheywouldaccedeandagreetopaycash Themarket, the Soutb, is for the prt-seut nearly lost to us. Our former large customers th»re now cither decline to makeanypurchases,orbuyverysparingly. Thereasonmendous crash, and caused a considerable excitement among the oeople, many of whom were aroused from theirsleepbythenoise TheicerusbeddownstreamThe despatch was followed b y cheers and tremendous applause. After the tumult had ceased, tbe chairman re- marked that "this mi^ht account for the sudden disap- pearance of a certain Mr. Durgau, ' which created much merriment.compared with Mexfaan souiiers and politicians, and of this we have had abundant proof tn our negoUatkms with the miserable rump of agovemment at Vera Crusiully impressed with the idea tu.it he is the greatest manoftheage. Hehasbeentoldsobyallofhi3ownoilljers,treaty. and reiterate with great confidence the aaaeruoa of Mr Buchanan, tbat "war exists " I do cot think Itira- mon will dare tosp^akof a compromise, or, if he does, that he will be acting in bad faith, as be bas always acted. The clergy are clearly for extreme measure*.Rev Mr. Bancoc* (Uaitarian), of South Katick, next addressed the mectitg. [W e understand that this gen- tleman baa recently been denounced by his congregation because oi his firm support or the operatives ] He mado a stirring speech, though the language used was not the most retired. He believed the cause of tho present move- ment was not on account of "supply and demand," but that it was owl: g to the present system of trade, whichThe Concord (N*. H ) Patriot copies the following extract from a letter of a Boston merchant, to an acquaintance in the former city:—I coLeider It now certain that Miramon will go to Vera Cruz, and If he go"S, tbat be will take the place, unioaa foreign forces defend it. With the fall of Vera Cruz, the constitutional government will be forced to take up its old gipsy style of life, flying rnjre aad there before tbe clergy army, until entirely broken up or until aided by foreign soldiers Our government, in that event, wili be forced to assume a hostile position towards MaKico; for to"The great depression Iu the shoe tralia*. this timo obliges us to curtail our business as much as possible If it continues much longer 1hardly know what wo shail do, and 1don't knew where it wili end. Tne usual lluctua tions of the trade art-, probably, to soma extent, the cauasThe Freshet In Connecticut. [From tbe New Haven Journal, February 24.]has, at times, taught writing, bookkeeping aud, we proportion was met by cries of "Not a cent, and "Cash is, the state of freliu? there caused by recent events, to- and M de Gabriac ue-clares bim such, in public and in pri- with great force, tearing every thing before it, and doingbelieve, French. He Is also a man of ambition, and as thty stand." The speaker continued by saying that wards the Nor'I. This agitation of the slavery queatioa vate. Gabriac still goes on with hie old story, that France considerable damage along the banks of the river. Tbeisunderstoodtoharebeeaveryanxious foraseat headmiredtheirspunk,andtoldthemto"goahead" maybesportorprofittopoliticians,butIfearthatuule?« willactivelyaidtheclergy:and,astbingsnowstand,I trackoftheNaugatucrailroadandtbelowerstreettatbe1have" intheLegislature,whichhecamenearsecuringaandtheywouldsucceed. itceasessoastoallowachangeofreeling,theresoon,itseethatunletstheUnitedStatestakeamorelivelyInte-townofDerbywerecove-redwithwateran1renderedSecond Jour.—"You lie, and you know it" year or two ago, having obtained the votes of a Mr. MOMBEaxis, of South Natick, compared tho posi- will be death to us so far as our trade is concerned." impassable, as was alto the cauaeway between DerbyBoat—"it's no use uying to argue with a fool!" (Ex large number of shoemakers. He established the Areto tion of employers and employed to a pair of shears— In coromentag upon the above tho Patriot well says.— rest in the affairs of this unhappy country, the clergy are town and tbe village of Birmingham The only means ofSecond Jour, {somewhat maliciously)—"We'll show you England Mechanic newspaper about a year ago, and, al- neither blade waa or nse without the other. He stated though ao ahoemaker, has acquired great Inttuenco with that as long as the shears hung together the bosses would who's a tool and who ain't before you get through with the shoemakeis of Lynn, and waa the chief mover in es- cut and grind with them until the rivet wore out; but that"The black republicans have been circulating Helper's certain tocarry their points, at least for the present. convey anoe between the two places yesterday was by Crisis, with its statistics, to show bow many productions The British representative, Mr. Math. w. has passed an boats, and the owner* of smalt craft did a good "ferrying acd manufactures tbe Sov*h buys of the North. But it ultimatum to the clergy, in relation to a few of the many business'' At Derby Landing tbe moat damage waaThat the report cannot be received ror any purposeLamon,Glenn,andascoreortsomore,makesusalltrem-mentawillbemadeforconveytagthemaroundthebreakto have possessed at that late. She can have no right who ha* named a new chief, whose name, of course, can-to share his subsequent acquisitions, nor can there be tot be wltten for the present. Tho present chief acd the either justice or propriety in Oxiog the allowanse to be new junta are for foreign aid, and that at once.awftef TeraCmtmrnt PrrlaUe—Frmch Pvfaryto JKiWBn.BE A UnlakIn another t laee,daywhentheyeate-dtotheirpre*»ntadVlswenraiamadeet'xhVe l&wwu*tfPzrties—DampentofbrHgnm—Mr. Huffman, tativewith asmall consignment ef merchandiseofta*seriouslywarnsbare done well had taey an baa* 1 thetr rssaoauaT h e y m a r c h e d t h r o j g h t h e p r i n c i p a l a t w e t a o f t h e t o w n ,iodnaaUy.atabouthalf-pai*oneo'clock,aasombledlaferC« ia school House Hall, wWd* they UAM engaged fortheir m^t'ngs-ahd here let us sute, that whatever may cent, aad that most or tbe roaaufacturera are glad of the the additional precautions taken to insure success. Is now, aud if peilisted it tnwst dettioy the last vactioorgaasaad l a froat a f a aboe atore, aad speech** weremade to tbe crowd «ry Veatrs. A 6. Draper, SamuelGreeae, Gideon Howard, Jr., of SMtb Baadolph, Alder-man Ooauajngs, Georg. C. Bebee, and other*. It wagfmally adjoarned to tbe other side o f the wraaro, wbara tbogshead was used a * a rostrum 8p*eobes war* theremade by Napoleon Wood, Samael Oreea. A 0 Draper, plish. Here were some five hundred man, aasembidw about 600 females by the maaufaeturers, about twea'y-have beea uT*character ot these daaW^attoaa in oth>rLarge lodies of the clergy forces are om'ng from tho in- terior to swell the numbers before the wahs of heroic Vera Crux.Genera! Veles will be here tomorrow, wilt abciut 1,500of law and order to tbe land. There hi very little toft aew. When the money ei the clergy a ill aasat aal dealers la C iplcmatic influcucc hare geee t > leek, ia an^thsr quarter for W t a e t s , then the truth will be apparentquartera7*t Nattci the wsra ta the btgJa^J^ree ^JflL?A correspondent of tbe Herald furnishes the following interesting particulars relative to the atrike at Marble- head:—•ad unnstially quiet Not once during the day <"* * « »«»;serve a disorderly awmu'eAatUra, yet tnry m a d M«med 11 beat oa a norpoae which h e w a s determined to AOwTM-In Marble head there are employed about 1,000 men andTLe reported removal of Mr. Matbaw, if itt:u oat THEST>tfKEATLTSTt IVterDofllvanofMarWebead,JoaephOonaer,JoaephW.fromhalfpaston*toAvePM,discuaaiagthasgrtattogaysinnumber.TheprinciplewoikdoneIsinthc.uia-men,takenfrem»mLuisPotosiandOuwajuato.Fromtrue,willbeanothereridcnoi-.»fIheaucceasiilintnru«ianMeat or the eotapiny, dd> ag the time interteoiag b e - tween the hear a* wfajca they began to assemble and thaufaoU're of children's s a d misses' shoes, of which this town t**:es the lead in this State or New England. They turn eat and finish ready for the market about twent-'••he latter place he brines a small cond-icta of SJOO.000. Within the coming fortnight the crusade against tbe libe-of the clergy. I suspect tha report baa truth iaM, fro* the fact tbat tbe oourse which Mr. Mathew had aaark»i out hassuddenly been perverted—that is,to tbe pibi.iSBCOSDDAY. Tbe meeting waa opened with prayer by Rev Mr.atwhichtheywereto<v>opjratotnademonstration,di LT.-rsr,Mass,Feb.to,1806.Smith,Uhiverssliitclergymanofthetown.G.W.Baals,fivepatrsperda)'eachworkman,aadtbeaveragepayralsonthecoastwillbavebeencommenced.Someaayeye.Uoubilrsathishasbeendonabyinstructinst'-wnvded up » littte snots and engaged ta conversation with•it* daBawBdaalalpp of yesterday are being renewed Chairman; C. A Maloney, Secretary. for the work during the patt six months has been ab >ut with .^ll. greater seal. There to a great excitement in Tbe following preamble and resolution, from tbe shoe- $2 80 per week. The *«)m*lcs, who bind and arc employed aadaboutthedepot,occasionedbytheapprehension ofa makersofSouthKatick,wasofferedandunaalmoasly a*the"compo work(*>newmaterial,usedtatheroomMir-.mon has made his private arrangementsto leave here n tbe comirg week, hut I doubt much if he wul get offtbe British government, as I/>rl John Russell, at uu. dab*, appeared to bave tost hla head compMety abo it Mtxieo. ITMr.Matbewgjrwg,m.«gvodwillcomefromit.Ofji•>4ofuotiaaeabecata*quit'•scab,"whowaadetectedbythacommittee.Threeadopted,via;— ofpegsorBitch),haveearnedfrom$1to$2perw.••?!».beforethe4thor&thofthenextmonth. Inthefirstplane,everyEnglishmantaMexicowilleneVetaog, artraetng th* a t W i a i of n o b oatsiders at couldattf thousand •boemakers snrroundai him, sad great fears In cenaaqaenceof tbe efforts of the shoe manufactuTera of. this laa smalt pittance, and no wonder that some movenothelpoverbearinga.*en. wereentertained by some thatviolence would becom- SouthWaaatomducetheOermanatowithdrawfromthenative meathasbeenmadetobring*boutbetterpayam>ogthe Among the crowd T r .tieed two intelligent shoemakers milted, though tha leaden were positive in ths assurance and Irish portion of the aaaooiaUrm of atrikera, for rear of cordwataers at this time. Most of those eogigM on veraaeeo!•artuaaant, at*aid em,onaqueatioa thatnoviolence shouldbe done. Mayor Devilhasjust losingtheirpoliticalpower,ameetingofUermanawaaheldin the "beach" inMarbiehead areyoung andintelligentDuring the pa&tfortnight a Lamberof grand cuteruio- ments hare been £ivcn toand by Miranam. Atallof thesethelittlemanhasbeenbesmearedwiththeilttterydorse t m as the only representative—wormy of the came—they bave hadfor years. AllothertoraigQers resident ta this capital—Amei leans, Certain!, Fraaah men,Ac—willendorseMr.Mastbefriendofallforeigarelatta*toto*meritsofth*case,andhadattractedacre-beanaddreaalogta*erow«i,aadadvisingthemtolettheCroat*shopoaMonday,Mtfclast,MosesCrohniathsehaAr,Americana,andreadilyconverseeathemeritsof ofhisfjcophant*.Thecampaignu>VeraCruztusbeenera,aadtheot.yforeigarepresentativewhobascare*take a t tnteraat in politic*. «• of our making each a fanspearatohavebeenoneer twocaustswhichmaybeset quite small, and a aispeeuioa manifested, in accordance from adhering to the > ules of the Jiatick sti Utersjuudl thu bat- down as bavins something t<> do in bringing about the[•rested tbat lot Yankees WO-JM only commit themselves Mirsaiea and bi3 clersy backers w mM be forced to carrya* aracb onatvaae«l a* titty are. Ia net, ia oae teat > we are worse oppressed, for they doat work a» many hoars ta the week as we iu, an l they get a living, while moat sf as couldn't rrre, with oar families, if we couldn't gettreatedfar nseamires of life. wfaleh wo never expect tohe able to paj for at thai rale ", H* opponentseemeu to hesitate, and a bystander pattheir low wage* For some years past there have been too many engaged In the mand'actore of booes and shoes, and each one at striving to sell a bttle lower than thery eould possibly afford to, has provoked a ruinous competi- tion, and Hooded the market with poor work and poor stark, ajul the wages of the "jours" have beea groundor tbe tools of Gabriac— Mr. M wul be able to disperse with tbe sweep of bis h a d all the false charges said to have been made at the ¥ >r»-iicn O'lice. and to inform b is government of tbe real stat ot this country.This afterneon or to-mnriow morning Miramon leave* for Vt ra Croz. He ha*got together soaae $760,0(0 Tb* house of Jecker, after getting scared and sending wordta the ageit of the liberals thst they would lead no m>ro money to the ckrgy, have given them not only the greater part of tbetr ready money, bat alee »i&0,oao la bills a a Havana, to be used hi Vera CruxMi r a r m n g o e s t o V e r a C r u z , e n d i n t b e m e a n t i m e t h a liberala are <u the way to ptaoe this city under siege. About2,C00arealreadyintbevalleyofMexico. Vtllalva, with about ),i0u men, it in tbe bills beyond Chalco, and Aureliaxo, with aome sou m en, has bis camp in Ajusco, but for the last three or four"scab "go. When tbe following resolution was unanimously adapted — ,Resolved,Thatneither thefearofloatogourpuliUcalhiraJ hundred B*e**e tu hear their •<Whatisthean*,"aaktoneofthem, whoaeetned toDuringtbeearlypartoftheforenoon thecrowdwaa fueneenorthetbreataorourwould-bemasterswilldeterusabout tbe tlavae of the South* I tall you we are almost with tbe remarks of one or two speaker*, aot to interfere tle hifought and victory won. B. WKIL, Secretary. present stare a? affaire among UIH "jours" as regards by attempting to aM the constftntionaiists. In that event, Bigued by every foreign reMJent—«xoept, perhaps, somawith expressmen.Mr. Jamea Connor read a long address on the subject ofthe atrike during tbe forenoon.Barren or THE LEADR OF THE STRIKE, Bit. [Lynn (Feb. 23) Correspondenceof the Boston Adver-tiser]The scene presented ia the streets of Lynn t) day hatprobably never been equalled in New England before.Lawta as It were dead, and riot aad outrage walk thestreets with impunity. It is but tbe truth to aay thatthere ia no law here, or if there is there seems to be no- A committee was appointed to take up a collection for body who has the courage to enforce it for the protection the band.. The result of their labors amounted to $12 64. soaasearnenaeea: "Tr>'i kaow.geattemea, we are not a of person or property. Oae of the father* of tho Corpo- 4?SOKGBSAWIN, Esq , being called upou, came forward quarterasbadoffaathemaresof theSouth,though wa ration,while actualhighwayrobberywasbeingcommit. andmadeaspiritedspeech,inwhichhetookgronndwithare, by our —— rooinhnesa, ten time* aa bad off a* We led before his eyes, could aee no riot, and did not think tbe unemployed.A committee which had been appointed to visit Brook field reported that there the shoemakers to the number of 600 had held a meeting and taken the first steps towards formlrg a society, with the intention to strike at a favor- able opportunity.the war rato Africa, and—says oae of M'ramon's generate-- " the neat time we have occasion to make peace with the Yankees, we shall dictate our terms in the American fed*the "strike" and tbe shoe business in general. Thare a,>fullydiscussedattheseentertainments,andth••hopeex-for bis aabjecu or those of other countries—in fact, a goodman,andonewhohasmadeeffortstoobtainacor- rect notion of Mexico. With et)dor*»mcats such as these,Alter "Hail Columbia" by the band, the Rev. Mr. dawn trf*hvrvafkm prices for the purpose of meeting their ral capital. The next time Mexico crosses swords withmade too clear for denial, the black republicans seek to foreigners in the future. It Mr. Mathew remains was passing off very quietly.avoid tbe consequences to their party as the cause of it, here it will be on the sjle condition that by fice talk about "principles above dollars and cents " the clergy make amends at once for past atrocities,Tbe road between this place and Derby is badly washed in many places, and the travelling over it is anything but comfoi tableWest river was swollen yesterday to the sizs of a l a r ^ rivtr, acd the meadows along iu banks, between Weav villc and Allingtown were overflowed. The backs of M il and Qutocipiack rivers were also overflowed, but noand pledge themselves to commit no more, but as these conditions are impossible, it is certaia the British re;>re srutative will go to Vera Cruz very soou, even aboulatbe clergy surrender or the 23d. As we are at this moment,clearly defined—a thing tbat has now been delayed nearlyone year after tbe recognition of Juarez For tuo British The bridge dcatroyed is one belonging to th•? NsigatusLegation to withdraw from h*»re now would bo to oxposo Bailroad, over which the track is laid. The bridge « every Englishman and American in this pa-t of the about three hundred feet long, about one half of which i*cannot aay—tbat Bocba haa seriously defeated the clergyrcrccs near Guadaia)ara, killing and wounding aome twohundred, and taking sixty prisoners. Such occurrencesas this, however, have very bttle weight on the ultimateresult. It is very certain the clergy cannot pacify thecountry—andIhavenohopesthattbeotherpartycandobetter—and, if Vers Cruz fails, and the clergy thereby areable to keep up a style of government, the whole countrywill b e overrun with small bands o f guerillas. Evennogr, while this capital is filled with clergy forces, there Holmesmovedforanarrestofjudgmentandtosetasidearesomesevenhundredconstitutionalguerillaswhodesired.Althoughmanyarenowbujtaghere.aadsome the vei diet, and proceeded to argue at considerable length bave their camp not over twenty miles off, and are from quarters whicb hitherto hsve not patronized us, andThe referee'? conclusions are inconsistent with the pro- positus s above stated, and are in many respects erroneous.Decision reserved.FEB. 24.—1/it People R. WilUam J. Lane, Jr—Mr.the Rat »port at aThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tog , e**Sa\See1rttlre-terested observer of Mexican affairs: 'what in tha name2, » b? Wawmg them at theLyaaamatth* nroattyn Navy Vf|*. *Untitled Documento fWaterCommweionerew a selectedPresidente vs iita(Saturday) evening.lwajara*%_to ^ ^only prisoner shot on the field. He was a Hungarian bywill boldly attempt to throw the blame oa Charleston, b y pretending that they could not get their supplies here, o r oa good terms Thai will be a gross mbwepremntortnii,The new Gabriac organ-la *P*«w^^f,a J^f 1 2very jealous of tbe new ooncera,M^«°^»Xie«rare have already named, buta* P**"*-^^fjou? likely to take place, owing to tka^ebaraotors or^ ine ^ nalhns. Rawhides maypoaaiblyserveror«uB********Tbecaused tbe Naogatuc and others rivers in this vicinity to swell and overflow tbetr banks. About one A. M. on Thurs-Li-avy ram of IVedneeday, a s w a s anticipated,^ ^ ^ ^ ^ l ^ ^ J a ^ t m ^ l m t ^ l m m U t m . Itto b u y ir> Soother* and have pledged themselvee to consume only South^ at th a tbe veaaela of the _Store this) to convey s "or , ivebeea made secure aad caulkedSquadron HerP *^to#f B f t tThe ratted J m S t f 1i ^^ VJ M e www.fultonhistory.com 