 foraed, been proTtd a*»in«t him, «nd he has been with which the name and prosperity of this citv willplaced under arrest Many ©th*r functionaries of lew evermore be most intimately connected—most perma-1note are undergoing their t*** b*f»»re a oommuwion ap- n ntly identified. In this stupendous Work your Royalr o ntsd by his Iligbneee for that ptin> xje. At Sohir- Hghne?8 will not fail to observe how natural obstaolep,CITYITEMm AMOSEKXWTJ- The, Wintera'noet insurmountable in tbeir ponderous strength ana complicated variety, have been triumphantly overcome hy the combined power of British enterprise and capi- tal, and of Canadian energy and skill. And we beg tocertain the eause of the disturbance.VIdanni escaped, it is believed, unhurt, though the bed uponi-whioh he paid a beautiful compliment to the femaleQardtn.-FrobtMf notbing lees than the discovery of mnfew Rosetta StM» wiH ever enlighten the present generation as to tb* measmg of the h'eroglypbical inscription that heads tbaThis, if true, is a heavy blow to Vidaurri. Zuazua was Generil-taking, it i* not «»*y t> overestimate the advantages ment of engineering and mechanical perfection will without him his army will be of little use, as Vidaurrl's military8ioner." He is a man of ability and zeal, and other excellent qualities.The Hon. Eli Thayer is stumping his District for a re-nomination. He will be beaten out of sight in the Convention, but how he will fare when he ap- peals to.the_people is, perhaps, not so certain. Hon. Goldsmith F . Baily of Fitchburg, will probably be the Republican candidate. Mr. Buffinton of the l i d . District is having a brisk contest against thesic Hall. It was fortunate for the teachers' meeting theum" may be a vt^y good ChaMaic orthographicalyrhicb wil result from his tour of inspection. henceforth noeseps a new claim on our interests and re- The financial difficulties of the Government continue gards, as-ociHted as it must evermore be in our memo* to increase. Unlet* they can get a loan in some of the ries and affection with this auspicious visit of yourforeign markets, I do not see how the administration Royal Highness, and the interesting o#remonyof its efmSmir* U tobe carried on. It is said that the Powers, perfect consummution by your Roy alHtghnessshanrfs.ability Is quite small, and he is in fact a man of verv limited edu- cation, and although his views have been thought somewhat liberal he has always forgotten all pledges the moment he w In a position totf&rryout bis plans without further aid from those to whom those, pledges had been fdven. * vGen. Zuazua, and Manuel Rtfon, his able Secretary, hr.ve been of late his principal inpporters, and the loss of one'of them is ir- repsMble.W e hope their affair will be speedily terminated. But it seems Jthst a commission in an army in Mexico is a sure rood to wealth, and so long as one holding a commission from some parvenu, no matter who, is considered as doing 'perfectly right to appropriateliere that the Japanese did not visit this city, aa the be- nevolent fathers of it have now a more profitable and h?B8 expensive channel through which to make knownspecimen, but considered aa a sampb> of t h e . English language, it is certainly not speciaUyintaJngiMew. ;A» nearly as we can arrive at H from a cursory inspecUeti, the " Psycho—" et cetwra, conwets of a great auvry lighted candles, a couple of spider-legged tables, largw and brilliant assortment of magical apparatus, and a perfect armory of blunderbusses and pfrtolt. f. •The crowds that have flocked to the theater tinea Professor Anderson's engagement have been delight- edly mystified and astonished. His experiments ir« certainly wonderful, and defj the drdinary senses oC unmagica! mortals to solve, and hence his great suc- cess. Who would care to see a magician who couldnt change a watch Into a feather-bed, turn a weddlug-r&ginto a roast turkey, and metamorphose a penknife iat# a sherry-cobbler ? And as Professor Anderson cando»f and does do all these things, bis entertainments araor at least some of them, are n n indisposed to guaran-W e earnestly hope vour Royal Highness's visit totheir willingness to cultivate friendly all the world.MUSIC IN THE CENTRALintercourse withPARK.tee a new *FuTk>b loan. If t us empire is really to be this city will be one of unmixed satisfaction and de-tu>b>!d, some such measure is a matter of necessity. light, and we pledge ourselves for the oitizena of Mon-With but slight assift'ance of this nature the ftoauceetreal, that they will one and all esteem it the highest might very soon be placed on a satisfactory footing. gratification and honor to use every means in theirto tl e use of the State and himselfeverything or value he can lav Plymouth County towns, who present Seth W ebb,By one of the happy accidents of democracy the great people of the city are for a time put in the way of pleasant recreation. A certain number of the wealthy class have purchased that privilege which it would be inconsistent with the theory of a free govern- ment to confer. Every euch event as the engagement of a band of music to play in public, the erection of a public drinkmg-fountam by private means, or the ac- complishment by such means of any single end for the refining and consoudating of the citizens, is of .theOne thing, however, toust be borne in mind—most power to render your too short stay among them his hands npon, such a thing as peace for any length of time willjr., B. W . Harris, and GershonB. Weston. The result is very doubtful. All the other Republican members will probably be re-nominated. Gen. But- ler was the candidate of the United Democratic party last year; this year he will be the candidate of the Breckinridge wing, and will receive 5,000 to 7,000 votes. The Breckinridge men, few as theystringent terms thould be imposed upon the Porte, by which she shall be compelled to confer in practice the powers which in theory she has already imposed upon the European mem-agreeable, happy and comfortable.We pray that your Royal Highness will be pleasedto communicate to our most gracious Queen, your royalbe unknown. . •FROMFrom Our Own Correspondent.BOSTON.and beloved mother, onr feelings of ardent loyalty and bers of tee Finance Commisuon. Notwithstanding devotion to her royal person and crown, and our lively|the promises of the Government to submit all financial questions to the decision of that Commission, important operations are constantly effected by the Ministers, not only without its sane ion, bnt without its opinion hiv- ing been asked. Fahb has been broken in every way "with the European Commissioners, and I know that only the other day both Mr. Falconet, the English, and M. de Pleuc, the French Commissioner, were on the point of resigning in disgast. These gentlemen haveS*at responsibility, andnaturaliy protest against mat- rs in which they are supposed to have a voice being settled behind their back*.•s>1CHINAgratitude and acknowledgments for this last gracious evidence of her royal condescension and favor, your Royal Highnees's moetwelcom and grateful visit to this city and province. , , .BOSTON, Aug. 25,1860.The announcement that Gov. Banks had been are, feel in good spirits. They have no idea thatIn view of the alarmicg progress of the rebels oh r'ndous monument of engineeringskill and labor which pliments so freely lavished upon him by Mr.both aid*s of the river Yangtz -, it is atmoet inconceiva- have come in the name of the Queen to inaugurate, Everett and President Felton were probably, :get 90,000 or more. . •ble that the Chinese Government should not seek to new sources of wealth will be opened to your citizens as sincere as anything in the purely complimentaryrenew hs relations with England and France. and the country, new elements of power developed, line ever uttered.. But while. Gov. Banks has gainedSoochow, a tovn of the greatest importance, con- and new links forged, to bind together in peaceful co- in the estimation of scholars and literary men, whothe influence of,art to guard a people against its own American Cousin" will be produced. The thousands] AMERICAN INSTITUTE OF DESTRUCTION— baseness and misfortune, and to supply the poorest aud who have so heartily enjoyed the rollicking fan of Mr.taining nearly 2,000,000 inhabitants, and surrounded operation the exertions of a wide-spread and rapidly by a wall nearly ten miles in circumference, has been increasing population.sacked and burned. It is said that the Imperial troopshad joined the rebels. Trade in the north is conse- • The exercises attending the inauguration, of the quentfy paralyzed. Here and at Canton business has Cry stal Palace were few and very simple. After some been very dull during the fortnight, but in and about music, Sir Edmund Head made an address, to which the hitter fbe greatest tranquillity prevails. Tea, if it. THIRTY-FIRST ANNUAL MEETING.Correspondence of The N- T. Tribune.'"•'"'; BOSTON, Mass., Aug. 23, 1860.humblest and least successful classes with an equiv- alent for all that money or celebrity can bring owes gratitude to the movers in an enterprise like this, and allSotbern should not forget him to-nig'ht. Mr. JefTerjoa'a Summer season closes with this week, the Cousin ap- pearing each evening.New Bowery Theater.—-Mr. E. Eddy appears her* to-night for the hut time, for the benefit of the Man- agers, Messrs. Fox dt Lingard.' Mr. Eddy's engage- ment has been a highly successful one, having been prolonged for six weeks. it • »Bowery Theater.—This favorffc East-aide house w i l be opened on Thursday night under the management of Mr. George Wood, of Cincinnati. He announces aa efficient company.Hooley # Campbell's Minslrcls.—'NlbWe Saloon having been engaged by this company of Ethiopian performers, they will make their first appearance there this evening. The names of some of tile members et this troupe have long been favorably known in New- York. .Palace Garden.—The Holman Juvenile Opera Troupe commence an engagement hero to-night.Bamum's Museum.'—Mr. Barnum is constantly making new additions to his already enormous stock of curiosities, the enumeration of the most prominent o€ which would be a hard day's work. The Wren Faa.- ily of juvenile comedians have proved a great attrac- tion during the past week, and will doubtless be found quiteas interesting during the remainder of their stay.ranch Shanghae at all this season, will be very late. The American frigate John Adams was at Foochowythe Prince thus replied:"Most readily I consent to the request you Jhaveings that has aesembled in New-England for several years. • On Tuesday at 3 o'clock p. m. the American Institute of Instruction commencod its thirty-first an- nual eeefcion—President D. B. Hagar of Jamaica Plain in the chair. After the usual addresses of welcome and response, the following question was taken up for discussion: '•' Is it expedient to make Caleethenics and Gymnastics apart of School Training?" After the subject had been discussed by Messrs."Valentine of Brooklyn, Sheldon of West Newton, Father Green- leaf of Bradford, Maes., and Northrop of 8axonville, Dr. Lewis of Boston was invited to give ah exhibitionalight in effect they may seem.The concerts begin at a good time. When the Park shall have got clothed with protecting foliage, and the present tender sprigs and sprays shall have expanded into thick bonghs, there may be other melody than that of the birds all Summer long, if so be that the race of citizens able and willing to pay for it shall not decay before that period. Then the thousands of hard-work- ing people and thousands of harder do-nothings who, through all euccessive Summers, will probably make it a falsehood to say that "everybody is out of town," may invest the afternoon hour of leisure in a magnifi- cent domain of shade and bright color, and walk en- tranced by the strains of the Dodworth who shall then have charge of the brass and stringed instruments, through a dream of diamond-wedded Art and Nature. But the fathers must do the best they 'can with the dawn of delights at the Park, the meridian of which their children will enjoy. The midsummer sun blazed upon an almostleafless Park^ The thin saplings diverted'without in the least subduing his fervent rays. Not the meet dulcet music could persuade the people to endure the blazing baptism. We are not even sure that wealthy citizens were ready to provide it at all.made, a request more agreeable because it is conveyed and the Ameridau steamer Hartford and gunboat Sagi- tome by my kind friend, your excellent Governornaa were at Shanghae.THE VISIT OF THEPRINCEOFWALES.was opened under the happy auspices of the Queen and the Prince Consort, and as carrying out the .design of that memorable undertaking, the smaller, but to Can- ada most interesting collection of the products of your land, and of works of art and industry, has my sym- pathy, and claims my best wishes for its success. I bone and telieve it will realize all the objects for which it has beendesigned." .the machine shops to elect him to the Legislature, I believe they sneer at his pretensions as a me- chanic, and I suspect, between ourselves, that his achievements i» that line have been overrated, butDEPARTURE, FROM QUEBEC.Tnm Onr Own fUportar.QUBMC, Thursday, Aug. 23,1860.that is not of the slightest consequence. He doubt-, of hia system of gymnastics, which has been so suc-and condition of mind, it is not easy for me to speak which persons were admitted only by ticket. Insidewith decision on this point. Undoubtedly his labors the abutment were seats for the higher classes, cov-Zouaves. Bis apparatus is of the simplest construc- tion, and of trifling expense, and may be easily prepared by any person, and at the same time is adapted for use in any school-room, or school yard, and also for the family. He uses wooden dumb-bells, weighing not over a pound each, and clubs, varying from two to three or four pounds each, air-ffuns, bags of beans, weighing from two to three pounds, rubber balls, bows and arrows, chess ball-game, &c. In all these there is great an-ueement, so that all the benefits of exercise are most admirably combined, and to one who has not wit- nessed them, it seems almost incredible that so much can be accomplished in so cheap and simple a manner.were sufficiently fevere. A long and probably tediousered with red cloth, while the gallery above was re-a talker, not a writer. As a stump speaker on theDemocratic side he early had a high rank, and hehas maintained it to this time. Few men appearbetter on the political platform. I do not think heis a great worker or a deep student. He is a man ofintuitions rather than of study and contemplation.His decisions as presiding officer never seemed to bethe result of research into precedents; he decidedaccording to the exigency, and trusted to find thereasons and precedents afterward, and always suc-ceeded. It is common to speak of the Governor'sgreat and.unrivaled success as a politician. It doesnot seem to me to have been very groat. His merit'as a presiding officer made him Speaker of theHouse of Representatives two years, and Pres-ident of the Constitutional Convention of-1853. move their coats, and arrange themselves in two equallevee, a distant drive, and a ball prolonged, until served for the families of the legislators. A scaffold-dawn, might naturally have interfered with the was erected for the Prince near the corner-stone, whichproposed movements of a succeeding day. Andthen there was that terrific and wonderful fall during lowering the etone. The Prince and suite havingthe dances, so effectively made use of by the band ascended the platform, the builder of the bridge handed of social blotters, who soak up with thirsty avidity bim a silver trowel, the handle of which was made ofCanadian beaver. On the blade was an inscription to be spilled. Perhaps the fall had something commemorative of the completion of the bridge by the to do with the Prince's partial seclusion on Prince, and a representation of Victoria Bridge. TheWednesday. As an actual occurrence, it was, to mortar having been placed under the stone by the ma-'THE WOIIXIKOMEN;—A meeting of Workingntea But now and many weeks henceforth, during the was held on Friday evenhag,fn the Twenty-first Ward,every inadvertent drop of royalty that happensgolden season of our calendar, the slanting sun will oaly aid the music and the western breezes to quicken the blood and exalt the eouJ. The fancy paints gorgeousat the Republican Head-Quarters 'for the purpose of forming a Workingmen's Club, to unite with the Club* of this city. About 300 persons were present. Thebe rare, a most "insigoiScant and commonplacefitII ; but as subsequently recorded, it was one of it under the stone. The latter was then slowly low-In order to illustrate the eystem, sixteen gentlemen were invited to volunteer aa pupils. On taking their places upon the platform they were required to re-vibrant with the harmony that even then, we hope, the liberality of our citizens will continue to dispense.And now the music of the band in the park will bethe weekly reveille and saint of the cits returned from-the Springs and seaside. The tide sets hurriedly infrom those dear resorts which, with yearly regularity,gleam BOcheerfully in the fashionable imagination, and,growing dim as the daye get short and the bills getlong, with the same regularity loom up black and sadin the retreating horizon. The brilliant summer courtis broken, and the train of joys is disappearing from thethe assembly: John Comerford, Twenty-first Wardf Thee. C. Wittenberg, Tenth Ward; John Cooper, jr.t Nineteenth Ward.HEAL TH OF THE CITY .—There was an Increase oi about' 100 in the number of deaths last week over the) week previous. The addition is mainly from disease* peculiar to the season. There have been nearly 903 deaths from emaJl-pox; of cholera infantum, about 140 —increase from the week before, 40. Nearly 200 were children under 1 year of age. There was a slight de-*>'•:•1.the most prodigious events that ever claimed the.attention of an eager public. A strange andcomplicated fall, for, according to testimony which no-body ever cared to dispute, it happened in at least threetotally different ways, each equally startling, and-with St. Lambert's.The same quality made him Speaker of the TJ. S. House, at a time when his pecu- liar political position, one third Democrat, one third American, and one third Republican, pointed Mntout as the available man. The friendship of•Railroad, and that he had accepted, and would not contrive so to use him and his followers as to keepNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY. AUGUST 27, 1866.2d they were attaoked in the rctdrt of their riwsabers and ao sad- the Republicans. They have made money under the This evening' wa* spent in hearing reports fro** r*j>- den., w u the attack and. great the surprise, that they were de-, presentlariff; • and of course are for the status quo. reeentativee of different States in regard to the progms feated without resistance, aUbongii /the force of the attacking ; of education. This exercise was concluded.by an el»- party la represented at only half Hheir':owxL'' • 3 Hon. Joseph White has been! chosen Secretary of guent speech from George S. HHlard,.eeq., of Boston,,Zuazna was shot through the head as he rose in his bed to as- the Board of Eduoation, in place of Gov. Boutwell,ic«ni aleo a great number of complaint3 were lodgedagaioet the MraJwrio* (femaera of the tithe), who will;it appear*, be mad» to dwgorge no inconsiderable por-tion of their fli-gott<p wealth. If Mehetnet Kibris'iP»«babaatheenergytopersistinthecoarseheianow assureyourRoyalHighnessthatthiswonderfulachieve- in-Chiefofhisforces;andamanofconsiderablemilitaryskillj chusettsMillsinLowell,andthenBankCommis-- oftheworld,"aodinaleveeandcollationattheMu- advertisementsofProfeseorAnderson. "Fsyohoma^are generally democrats and ready to acknowledge merit where they find it, the snobs of wealth have pretty steadily refused to countenance him, for, in spite of his political successes, he has always been a poor man. The petty aristocracy of the town of Waltham, consisting of agents and overseers of cotton mflls, dislike him as heartily now as they did twenty years ago, when they were rallied out, year after year to put down what they considered theGeneral. Iamiot ignorant of the high position ob-tained by Canada in the great exhibition of 1831,.which disgraceful attempt of the firemen and the boys inDuring the present week Tremont Temple has beenthe scene of one of the most valuable educational meet- kindred enterprises, however trivial, and howeverThe ceremonials on the last day of the Prince's Que-bec visit were not so public or so numerous as had been The Prince then declared the exhibition open, and in whatever he undertakes; but I thinkexpected. It is possible that bis Highness may have walked round inspecting the articles., .bis essays in the editorial and. legal professionsare exceptions to the rule* For a short time he hadcharge of T/ie Lowell Advertiser or Patriot, a Dem-been over-fatigued by the exertions of the previous day and evening; but as I am not upon the same terms of intimacy with him as that enjoyed by the gentlemen who chronicle so cleverly his daily thoughts, emotions,Lady Franklin was present. .The next event of the day was the ceremony of laying the corner-stone of the Victoria Bridge..The approach to the bridge was lined with seats, toocratic paperj but I could never discover any re-markable ability in it at that time. • He was born for the prompt, rapid, and varied movements of the Chicagowas slightly raised, together with an apparatus forsons, the Prince took a"little on the trowel and spreadered, and the Prince tapped it three times with a wooden mallet. The ceremony completed, the Prince entered the car, proceeded to the center arch of the bridge, fastened two rivets, and then went across tolo lees than three different persons. It does not seemnatural that a Prince, any more than the next mortal, In cemmemoration of the inauguration of tbe bridgeshould possess the faculty of falling upon his back and by the Prince, a gold medal has been struck, . which is the year 1854, when the Kriow-Nothings of the dis-. npon his face at the same time; or that he could pick a beautiful specimen of art. It bears on its face a rep- trict he then represented nominated the Rev. Lyman up bis partner and be picked up by her at the same in- resentation of a train of cars just emerging from the Whiting. He had broken with the Democrats,the bags were pacsed over the heads of each, usingboth hand's for this purpose. The row which could soonest 588S and repass all the begs gained one connt aei before, 'hentherows were arranged so as to face, and the bags,weretossedfromsidetoaideuntileachindividual caught and tossed all the bags in turn. Then three men called out to toss their bags, while they stood in a triangular form. Then two to toss their bags, keep- ing.one in the air constantly. These bag-toeaing'exfcr- cises require cloee attention, and discipline of the eye, to perform them rapidly. After a time the bags are laid aride, and rubber balls substituted, making the ex- ercises more difficult. The greateat applause was maa- ifested by the audience at this exhibition, and the actors entered into it, with, all the enthusiasm of boysia their most exciting games.Another exercise consisted in the use of sticks aboutthe size of a broomhandle and length of a cane. The son of a banker of this city lead these movements. Of him Dr. Lewifl remarked,"that six months ago he was eent to him to s«e if it were possible'to save him from consumption, which appeared to be fastened upon him. Now he ia fully developed, straight, and healthy. In Uijirjg these sticks, movements of the arms, sholders, and chi'st. were accomplished. Then followed the caleethenic movements of head, neck, and shoulders.More than two hours were given to this exhibition and the diecuseion of gymnastic training, and so deep is the ixtereet taken in the subject, that the Institute assembled this morning at an earner hour than usual to spend another hour in witnessing the movements, and listening to explanations. No subject has been brought before the Institute which has called forth so universal an interest and created so great a desire to see and know more about it. Dr. Lewis has volunteered to furnish any teacher who desires to introduce gym- nastica into his echoolwith infcraiation upon the sub-ject gratuitously, if he will address liim, care of the Bai k of the Republic, Boston, Mate.There stems to be but one opit'ion of this simplest of all systems of gymnastics, ana that is that nothing has before I>eeu pressed which is at all comparable with it for adaptedneee to the wants of our schools. Should it result ingreuter attention to the subject on the part of School Committees and school officers as well as teachers,andsomodifyourschoolsthattheyshallbe- come places where our children may learn to preserve their health hibiead of losing it as now, it will prove a great bleaeing to our country aud mankind. May the dawn of that day be riot far distant.There have been delivered several interesting and In- on by Profi E. L. Youmana of New-York, on the "Masquarade of the Elements;" one by Prof. James B. Angell, of ination can >be prevented. Already, however, an Brown University, on the " Relations of Education to ranged for this afternoon, until to-morrow. But as port this morning, from Ruatan Island the 9th instant. opposition'to him is springing up, and the name of Labor." He dwelt upen the effect upon the individualpalace halls. Laura writes that she is tired of flirting, crease in the number of deaths from consumption frontand without a single dress. Frederick faints in the the last report.stant;bnttheevidencepointsstronglytojustthisstate of things. At all events, there was a fall; that is agreed npon; and any person who chooses to follow the- imaginative lead of those who erect such stately fabrics of fiction on the flimsiest foundations as have been reared about the pathway of the rojal visitor, may easily believe that either physical injury, or moral desolation brought on by bashful consciousness of error, induced the Prince's omission to participate in some of the more popular festivities of the closing day.H e did not visit Lorette, where a dozen ortwo of half- breed Indians, who caLed themselves a tribe, appeared dressed in a style of the most remorseless caricature, and went through such national and illustrative diver- tisemente as dancing "The Lancers" and drinking deeply of beer; and where an imperfect set of horse- races was made op; and where one of the most beau-tiful little cascades in the world murmuringly rebukedwhowoulddonothingforhim,anditwasevident that Know-Nothingism would elect all its candi-German,andhaslatelybeenseenwiththeoldgentle-men on the porch—sure sign of the approaching end.The houeekeepers on the Fifth Avenue, and otherbeautiful streets, have received instructions to haveTHE FRENCH ZOUA VES,—UNFORTUNA TE Bsortr- NIN0.—The organization of the company of Zouaveev composed entirely of our French residents, ^vas com-the most important ceremonies and the most extensive celebrations of the tour await them.of Parliament. them.HONDURAS.She brings news of the highest importance from the Henry L. Dawes, M.. C., from the Xlth District ismainland.Gen. Wm. Walker, of whose expedition to Nicara- mentioned; also the name of Mr. Kellogg of Pitts-gua we have before bad accounts, made his appearance field, Alexander>H. Rice, M. C. from District No.before the town of Trnxillo, Hpnouras; on the 5th in- IV; J. S. C. Knowlton of Worcester, and others. division of labor in other departments of Ufa be pro-air, the young men.and women eide by side, the lines of carriages rolling with a mueio of their own over the hard road, the sleek horses, the massive masonry of. tunneled roads, and the delicate curves of airy bridges, the sentimental parties -stretched upon the rocks or rustic lounges in the Ramble. Brilliant equip- ages met and passed each other, or etood arrayed to- gether at favorite points, and the music rose and fell in fitful cadence, the fcream of an engine, as it rushednone of them understood, and consequently did not obey. Tbe officer set about using bis authority by rapping the Captain upon the head, when his club waa taken away. The noise soon brought other policemen, and one of the Zouaves was arrested and locked up ia the Fifteenth W ard Station-House, notwithstanding tbe protestations of his companions.. . ,1 ' i . ' * 1••STOLE A WATCH.—Albert Meyers was arrested yea-MONTREAL, Friday, Aug. 24,1860.Governor Bank's withdrawal makes it necessary FROM CENTRAL AMERICA AND MEXICO. to select a new candidate. It has been generallythe appointed hour drew mar, the heavy cloudsro led away, atd all was clear for a while. So it would have been better to have allowed no interruption.MONTREAL, Saturday, Aug. 25, i860. On the arrival of the Prince at Montreal on Saturday,the Mayor pseeentrd the following address:fcnd the community, of the divibion, of labor, as prac- tced in ourrnanuiaeturing towns, and of the division of iabcr in modern scholarship. If pursuing one sub-terday, charged with, stealing a »ilver watch from Abraham Cad- paet into the country, alone suggesting that this scene mus while the latter WMaeleep on the box of his coach. ThoMAT IT rhT.Asr. YOUR ROTAL HIGHNESS: We, theMayor, Aldermen, and citizens of the City of Montreal, greatest excitement prevailed.several hard contests with Caleb Cusliing. In no case did Mr. dishing, able as he is in debate, ob- t a i n a n y a d v a n t a g e o v e r M r . A n d r e w . M r . A n d r e w hasgreatpersonalpopularity,andtherespectofbridge,whileintheforegroundarevisibleasteamerascending, and a raft coming down the river. Abovethe bridge are the armorial bearings of the Canadian dates. By some means or other, Mr. Whiting wasProvinces, the figures of which are in bold relief. The inscription is as follows:removed out of the way, and Mr. Banks received the nomination and was elected. It is, perhaps, to his credit that he was faithful to the American party,I which thus aided him at a trying period of his po-: litical life. H e was thus enabled, in 1857, when: Gardner had become a nuisance, to be got rid of at .":'.: •dinner, and a good one, ready on such a day, aud to air pleted on Saturday night. The company, to thenumber of about one hundred, assembled at the Mer- cer House, Major ,Le Clerc in the chair. Reports of several committees were received relative to uniform, and acted upon. The chairman informed the company that in order to make proper application to tbe Gover- nor to be attached to tbe Fifty-fifth Regiment, it would be necessary for them to elect a Captain and;; I : : :. •THE VICTORIA BRIDGE MEDAL. THE VICTORIA BRIDGE OF MONTREAL. The greatest work ofXNOIX2XRING SKILL In the world.• • Publicly Inaugurated and opened In 1860.the sheets. Bridget, that too susceptible creature, hasbeen counting the spoons. And now the first big roundshot is fired from the operatic forces, whose consoli-dated strength shall shake our very foundations allthrough the season, and Little Patti perches on herfavorite bough ; and now darker shades appear in theBroadway kaleidoecope of fashion, the sweet littlehate tllttt have fondled the heads of the ladies give way. Lieutenant, wMch was done forthwith—Mr. Bogrant.some rate or other, to bring into the joint oppo- sition to him a certain amount of capital as an American, which rendered him an available candi- date.' But his Americanism, on the whole, has been the great blunder of his life, although by it lie was chosen Governor. It was contray to the in- stincts of his youth and the principles he had always professed, and no man can disregard these with im- punity. As a Governor, Mr. Banks has made an excellent appearance, and, his salary being only $3,500 a year, without fees or perquisites, he has saved nothing, for he has thought it proper to., gratify all sorts of people by attending all sorts of shows to which people. could with a decent grace invite him. He has been fanner, military man, patron of colleges, normal.schools, and other educational processes, and I have known him to be good-natured enough to make a speech at the opening of a horse railroad in a country town. He has thus cheapened his office and himself, and, in my opinion, has lost popularity rather than gained it. His appointments to high stations have generally been good; but much fault has been found with some of his minor appointments. He has never fully obtained the confidence of the radical Anti-Slavery men, having disappointed their rea-jured, but none, I believe, fatally. This morning, at10o'clock,iheroyalpartytookleaveofQuebec,and thePrinceofWalesatOttawatoassistinthecere- instances. HispromptremovalofJudgeLoring,Started in the steamboat Kingston, for Montreal, where mony of laying the foundation stone of the new house however, will always be freshly remembered bythe silly shams that surrounded it.morning to the Laval University, a Roman Catholic institution, where addressee were exchanged, add in the afternoon to the Ursuline Convent, where he was welcomed b*y some fifty of the inmates, with songs as well as words of greeting. He subsequently visitedthe citadel, and rode for the last time through the lines of evergreens and beneath the arches which adorned the streets. In the evening a fair display of fireworks was offered. The only serious accident of the visit here occurred. A frail platform, crowded with specta- tors, broke in pieces, and precipitated some hundreds of persons to the ground. A few were severely in-Bat he went in theGRAND TRUNKRAIL W A YOK CANADA.Attached to the arms are the names of Roes and Ste- venson, the engineers.. Three circular medallions on the reverse of the medal contain the busts of ths Queen, Prince Albeit, and the Prince of Wales, all well de- lineated.The medallion of the Queen is supported by an oak branch, with a branch of roses overhead; Prince Al- bert is supported by an oak branch with a thistle over- head, while the Prince of Wales's medallion has his crest and.motto, "Ich Dien," with a branch of sham-to more substantial coronal, and milliners aud modistes are in the throes of invention; and now old friends lookat you, and emile at you, from beneath their brawn, and you wonder and pass on; and now the correspon- dents up in the.Provinces redouble theirexertions to get ue excited about the Prince, and tbfere is a heavy immi- gration of strange actor folk wanting engagements, and the churches get up to two services on the Sabbath, although the week-day meetings are not yet resumed, and the nights are cool,—and, really, what a short Summer it hae been! And the thousands who returnjaded and peevish from the watering-places, and the thousands who are jnat quickened from their dull siesta, with all the queer people "from a distance" who are in and about the hotels, may meet, at the sound of Bodworth'8 music, in the Central Park!being elected to the former position, and Mr. Pretter to the latter.Af er the adjournment the company proceeded to a neighboring saloon at the invitation of their Captain " to take a glass of wine." Several toasts were given and brief speeches" made, and shortly after midnight the company broke up. About twenty-five of tbe party who lived in the upper part of the city set out for their respective homes in a body. After marching up Broad- way as far as Prince street in double file, it was pro- posed that they exercise for a few blocks in the "double quick movement." To this all.consented, and the column moved along at a rapid rate, giving aa occasional cheer. When between Bleecker and Amity streets they came in contact with a policeman who or-dered them to stop their noise.The whole party at once cameto a halt and orowdedrock on one eide and a beaver on the other.The royalarms and legend of England in high relief surmounttr.e whole. In the center, is the following inscription:# a » « * # » « . • • • » • » • • • « • • • • • • • * • • • • • * » • • * • • • » a « • * • • • WW • ' • • • • • • • • • • • • • • 'm; The Victoria Bridge consists of 23 spans, 242 feet each, and : ; one in ctnt*r 330 fe*t, with a long abutment on each buik °i I ; the liver. The tubes are iron, 22 feet high, 16 feet wid«v <*»d : ; weigh 6,000 tuns, supported on 24 piers, containing 250,000 ; : tnns of (Use, mea*uxing 3,600,000 cubic feet. Extreme :: length, two xnilea. :»•*»*••»•••••'Cost, $7,000,000. ..>•*»•>••*•••••*«•••••::!•••••It was a general reunion on Saturday. The sunehone pleasantly upon the turf, the water, the walks,the workmen, the floating swans, the bushes, thebowers,theflowers,thenursesandtheirlittlechildren,- alargecrowd,orderedthepeopleto"moveon,'whicii the old men and women held ufcto breathe the revivingmTORONTO, C. W., Aug. 25.The Masonic body are making arrangements to meet sonable expectations as to legislation in severalaround the officer, each being anxious to know the rea- son of his interference. But few were able to speak Engliah, and the officer, finding that he was collectingconceded for a year past that John A. Andrew, The wf atber, true to its usual course, was to-day in-, W ALKER IN POSSESSION OP TRUXILLO, . esq., of Boston, was to be his successor whenevertolerable. The Prince's approach is always proclaimed by storms. A violent rain in the morning caused the postponement of the landing and public procession, ar-From The N. O. Picayune, Avg, 20.The schooner Araminta. Capt. Mason, arrived at thishe should see fit to retire; and if he allows his friends to present his name, I do not think his nom-stant, and took poeeeeeion without serious opposition.Only one gun was'fired by the troop stationed there,byMr. Andrew has never held any office except a seat in the Legislature, where he took a high rank, andductive of unequal development ?";';.'The spirit of restless dscontent in bur country tend-ing to_centralizing the population in large towns aud cities is an evil, which education should aim to remedy, by teaching the true relatione-of manual Labor and edu- cation. The false theory that they who perform man- u a l l a b o r n e e d l i t t l e e d u c a t i o n s h o u l d b e c o r r e c t e d i n societyandinschoolinstruction. Thereisnorealan-Every Wide-Awake Club nhould have copies of ' FOXJ860.Compiled by HORACK GR>««.»»» a D ^ J- F« Cvnntr.Atfo.Price $1 per copy. Sent by mail, prepaid, on recetpt'ef price.which two of Walker's men were wounded. Walkerthen entered the town and took possession. The maintained the honor of the Republican party inPark.The band was stationed, not most judiciously, a t the Clubs are supplied by e*pross*t $66 per 100. AddressThe object of this attack upon Trnxillo is unknown. W e 01 l y " k n o w t h a t t h e e x p e d i t i o n s a i l e d f r o m t h e I s l - andofCozumelonthe20thult.,asissupposedforend of the Grand Mall, aud the immediate audience sat u n d e r c a n v a s a n d l i s t e n e d t o t h e c o n c e r t . T h e c h a r m ofanalfrescoentertainmentconsistsintheabsenceof all actual or implied restraint. In a Park, where there is grass, and water, and'life, the music of instruments ehould be quite auxiliary, and we respect the taste of those who wandered away from the orchestra and caught wafted strains of the melody, or paused in pass- ing to let a passage blead with the other/lelightfal ex- periences of the moment. But the programme was well made, the performance good, and cold water was provided gratuitously. We should not complain had not the taste of the visitors been indicated by a prepon- derance of those away from the music stand over those surrounding it.1 T u * T * W » » . New-Yocfc.f A d v e r t i s e m e n t JGURNEY'SGALLERY.No. 707 Broadway. PHOTOORAIPBM, ITOKTTTPM,most reepectfolly beg leave to approach you* RoyalH ' ' g b n e e « , t o f e l i c i t a t e y o u o n b e h a l f o f t h e c i t i z e n s o fMontrealonyoursafearrivalinthisProvince,andto•offer to your Royal Highness our most cordial and Nicaragua direct. Subsequent to its departure we had the whole community, by whom he is regarded as a tagonism between education and lanor; it is really be- hearty welcome to this city. intelligence of the capture, by the British, off Hondu- thoroughly conscientious and honest man, as well.We avail ourselves of this propitious occasion of a ras, 01 the schooner Clifton, one of hislittle transports, as a good lawyer, and an effective debater. Mr. visit from the h*ir apparent of the British throne to ana of her being taken into the Balize. Dawes is now well placed. He is, perhaps, the express to your Kovai II ghness our devoted loyalty Whether now, after learning of this seizure, Walker most serviceable of our members of Congress, andtween indolence and labor. Induatry and education go band in band, elevating tne one and beautifying the other. -MlSXiTUaXS UCOlI.. and DAGC*XHKOTn*H8. 0 • •' ' [AdrertisemontlGAS FiXTURES.—I>ealers and others ara invitedThe lecturesto-day, by M. T. Brown, esq.. Superin- • ar_d attachment to the person and Government of our subseqnentJy turned his course to that coast, tore* ap- can stay there as long as he likes. So can Mr. Rice. tendent of Schools in Toledo, Ohio, on "The Neces-most gracious sovereign, your illustrious mother; to ture the vessel, or whether he bad originally intended, declare our humble bu; fervent admiration of her wis- as first stated, to land at Trnxillo and make his way dom, moderation, and justice, as our sovereign, and through Honduras to Nicaragua by land, we are left to onr ioye and veneration of the virtues and grace* which conjecture. •sity of Education in a Free State," and by Rev. A. H. Quint of Jamaica Plain, Mass., on " The Province of Legislation in regard to Education." were both able productions. The latter adopted Macaulays theory that " if the State has a right to hang, it has a right to educate," but that the State must have a distinct, well- defined policy, and be uniform in its application to allocalitiee." The proper mode of examining schools and report-"ing thereon," was discussed at considerable length, each speaker advocating a more extensive use of writ-to oall at our great depot for Gas Fixture •. A large stock of 1adorn her privae li/e. . °^ We only know this in addition, that at last accounts not been raised as have those of Mr. Andrew's As circumstances did not permit onr beloved Queen from the main land, the British flag was stUl,flying on friends. If the intelligence of Gov. Banks's pur-REYNARD & CO.,to honorthis distant but importwit section of her empire with a personal visit. Her Majesty has been graciously pleased to confer on her faithlul Canadian subjects the nextdeirest boon it was in her power to bestow by authorizing this moet welcome visit of your Royal Highness. Thisgracious manifesta*ion of Her Majesty'sthe forts at Trnxillo.The crew of the schooner Clifton, captured by theBritish authorities at Balize, came up passengers by the Araminta.poses had not been withheld so long, Mr. Andrew would have tyeen nominated by acclamation. It is possible that some secret machinery has been set at work which will reduce his strength.I'ATXNT HonsxiuntFXR's RinjL XBTALUBUI Iws*OTrow»»«,1 mai VSJXSUV DBSTROTsrsu The only truly reliable articles to exterminate Bodbufa, C«s>.ton-Buw, Moths. Garden Insects, Rats audi Mloo.Principal Depot, No. 167 Broadway. Bold by all Dragglsta..-\REVOLUTION IN NORTHERN MEXICO.consideration and regard is hailed with thankfulness The Brownsville Flag of the 8th records the follow- ing in Maine. Mr. Andrew goes down next week he standing of a class by any system of figures, show-people sharing the pleasure. There should not be im- EDW ARD H. DIXON, M. D M Editor of T Uandjoy byallherloyal and beloved subjectsintheeeprovinces; but we beg most respectfully to assure your ing important news from the neighboring Republic of Koy&l nighness that by none among the millions who Mexico:rgthenumber,of correctand incorrect answers,was condemned as unfair for the class and uujast to individ- ual members. All examinations should take into act count the procefcses of reasoning, and modes of think-which he was sleeping was penetrated by no less thau seven bslls. •' •' ' •. ••who has been anxious to retire for a long time. Mr.White is a Berkshire man, but was formerly a resi-dent of Troy, N.Y ., afterward agent of the Massa- the day is to be Spent in sight-eeeing around this "hubinvited to become President of the Illinois Central Bell is going to carry the South, and if they canTo this the Prince replied as follows: :GENTLEMEN:- The address you have just presented be a candidate for reelection, excitejd much astonr Pennsylvania or New-York from going for Lincoln, utmostmoment, and hasaprofound significance. There thronged. Theywell deservethe popularitythey bar*to me, in which you proclaim your loyalty to the ishirient here, because it had b^en denied by one of they feel sure of Breckinridge or Lane. Of course is a power that can expend for the champagne of aQueen and attachment to the British Crown, demands they look with satisfaction on any prospect of givingmy warmest acknowledgments. The impression made our newspapers, on his authority, within ten days. Douglas a few votes, knowing that they can do him municipal- entertainment twenty thousand dollars.upon me by the kind and cordial reception which has His letter to the Republican State Committee is BO good, but must enure to their benefit. As. for There is not the power that can pay for an hour's been accorded to me on this, my first visit to Canada, printed in the morning papers. Massachusetts Everett's chances for Vive-President, you should music for the crowds once a week. And it ia interest- can never fade from my mind, and deeply will the Queen thus !oee8 one of her most distinguished citizens, hear them laugh when that subject is mentioned.. ing to consider whether an untitled aristocracy, oflargebe gratified by the proofs that it affords that the inter- and in some respects one of her ablest men. Gov. Nearly half the Democratic Senators would prefer sympathies arid liberal hands, is not nearer the massesattained. , < tkWallack't Theater.—According to previous an- nouncement, Miss Jane Coombs and -Mr, George J<fc» dan begin to-night a star engagement at this house. The j>lay selected for their first appearance is " T h * Wife's S»oret,»'Mh»s Coombs playing " Lady E veUne,'*and Mr. Jordan " Sir Walter."Niblo's Garden.—-The circus is in full tide ofmoo&m,and new attractions are offered constantly. The Ma- ture this week is a trial of gymnastic skill by amatcnw, prizes being offered for the best amateur performer*. , The whole six Hanlon brothers will appear together for the first time in America.Laura Keene'x Theater.—To-night Lord' Dtmdrsarf takes a benefit at this theater, on which ooovsion " O u rest which she takes in the welfare of this portion of Banks does almost everything he undertakes ex- Hamlin to him. But Mr. Everett is possessed withher empire, and which she has been anxious to mark ceedingly well, and in some respects he is-quite un- an idea that he has a chance, and I am told is in aofa republic than their representatives in the govern- ment of affaire. It is a thought that should bring no little consolation to those many who murmur under theHOKG-KOHO. June 23.—The Time*' correspondent by mj presence among you, is met on then- part by rivaled. As a presiding eflicer he has never been pitiable state of hallucination. Mr. Lunt, too, bab- says: "Sir Hope Grant and Admiral Hope reached feelings of affectionate devotion to herself and family. equaled here, and on all public occasions he makesEbangbae on the J6th inst, and were to leave for the Fbrmyfcelf, I rejoice at the opportunity which, has been bles and picks the bed-clothes in a most distressing neglect, and groan at the infamy of their law-givers, rendezvous in the Guif of Pecheli on the 18th. An afforded me of visiting this city, a'great emporium of an excellent appearance. Perhaps his available manner. and are sometimes, as when a huge outrage rises uponanxious wish is generally felt that the Taku ports the trade of Canada, and whose growing prosperity qualities were never made more manifest than dur- shctdd be taken and destroyed before any diplomatic offers so striking an example of what may be effected ing the late commencement and inauguration exer- action00(tmepces,.as the most affectual means of in- by energy and. enterprise under the influence of free cises at Cambridge. Learned professors and lit- ducingtheImperialCourttodealhonestlywithsubse- institutions.Butthatthisprosperitymaybe.stillfur- erarymenwerewonderfullyimpressedwiththeq o*ntfcrietiolyovertures. ' ther enlarged is my earnest hope, and there can be no matter and manner of his speeches, and the com- doubt that by the time of the completion of that stu-The Douglasites and Belleveretts are trying to fix the civic horizon, tempted to the treason of wishing up a coalition on a State ticket." They talk of unit- for the rule of a crumbling despot, that they have aingonMarshalP.Wilder. Iftheydo,theywill mostbenignantlimitedmonarchyinthat'"upper probably ,'4ve him 50,000 votes. If Mr. Andrew is: circle" where wealth and refinement, and true pa-triotism go together. Every person that has faith inless knows something of the mechanic arts, and his early life was a life of privation if not of excessive toil. I have spoken of his general success,cessfully introduced in this vicinity. As introductory, Dr. Lewis remarked that he discarded nearly all the ordinary apparatus, such as bars, poles, bidders, ropes, &c, aiid heavy weights and heavy dumb-bells. The leading feature of his system is to use soch exercise as will produce hearty merriment, and cause those en- gaged to enter into them with fnthusiasm and grrat <?e- fight. It employs a great variety of ponitibns of the limbs and body, and rapid changes, reminding oue ofrows, facing each other, and within .convenient reach for paeeing objects along the line of the rows. Next a basket full of these small bags of beans was brought forward and divided between the two rows, and they were to be passed UP and back, one at a time, and t re the jFree-Soiler8, won by his own tendency toward row which atscompiiahed chis first gained one count. Then the rows were exchanged so that each individual liberal principles, gave him a seat in Congress. The faced the same way, as in marching in single file, anddarkest hour, probably, which he ever saw, was inMr. Kellogg and Mr. Knowlton are excellent men, but their claims are not superior to those of Mr. Andrew, and the expectations of their friends have$*kTMn.C!?ATM-}?a°-„w A * i r e * . P « c x k Co., msnu&oturocs.» -nominateu at Worcester, on Wednesday, he willject only makes one-sided, uneven minds, may not theof cultivation and beauty did not belong to some fairyrealm, where Nature was too kind to tolerate such araggedlandscape as that describeI in the third annualpriKouor was looked up to answer.— ' ' 0 •»f Advwrtisenient. JTo WIJOE-AWAKK CLUBS.Gen. Wilson and Mr. Burllngame are still stump- 1en answers in examinations. The plan of j udging of the Park. And by degrees we shall see all classes of_Sealpel, andOperatingand Consulting Surjteon, No.« SOwsv. Ottice oonsultations on the more obscure dUuesss of tbo p«Mf viscera. Rupture, Piles, V»xicooele, and fisted*, rsdioaUy « « • • without the knlio or ligature. Office hoars from » to 9,1 to ». •ad 7 to 9 evenings. '•>\Adv*rU**m*»t } • »Paralyzed, Deformed and Diseased Limbaireatea The immediate oM*et ofyour Roy*l fligbneie'smo3'; troops atRlnconado and proceeded with Gen. Zuaaua and about of our cotton maimfacturerB, with that admirable reason accurately, then bis result, though it happen to moment, to look at him, when he •uddenly dWopewedTand w u hy Dr. J. P. MAWH, NO. 196 West »«h-st., Now-Yorkv Mj'"•compose their number is it more highly esteemed, more Letters from Monterey state that Vidaurri hid left that eityfor SaJtillo for the purpose of raising men and money. Saldlio Washburn, but are trying desperately to elect Hayes ing ueed by the pupils; and if these are found correct,•andMr. Sumnerhasbeen urged to attend a mas< meeting in Portland on the 4th of September. The Hunkers have given up all expectation of beatingpatienceofaresult which has been attained in the foreign cities, only after years of culture.fully appreciated, or more enthusiastically felt and ac- was known to bo unfavorable to Mm, and for the purpose of on- in the Portland Congressional District, and Bion the pupil eliould be accredited, even though he fail in BOY DKOWNSD.—On Saturday evening, two men. knowledged, than by Her Majesty's devoted and loyal foreing bit demands he had taken about 800 men with him. ' On named Grier and Earnn,^*r a young man 18 or 17 year* of ajro subjects, the citizens of Montreal. the first day of the present month be left the main body of his Bradbury in the Vlth District. I am told that some the result; and if he has not been taught to think and bathing at the rooFo? Fifty-fourth rtroet Tbey rtowwd J fewgratifying visit to Canada is to open the Victoria Bridga •vn e n .»ho»t •** leagues further to the Xancbo de Sangregorio, -—that magnificent monument of enterprise and skill wnoro they encamped for the night. It seems that their motions had been, watched by Axr»mberri'« men, and at 1 o'clock on the8.regard for principle and consistency which has ever governed them, are interesting themselves against jThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069be correct, ehould not add to hie standing in attain- ments.not -eon agrfn. It Is thought that he was seised wttiTtbo oramo h»d scrofula of ihe knee-joint; the leg W M bent mt right *afvTr w J £ 7 £ - w H t a d o l b e , w / ' w <*a**y*d to the Nineteenth #od ho walked with • crutch six years. His u ^ know«*)«*•%Untitled DocumentTo-morrow, by invitation of the City Aathoritise,autumnal afternoons at the Park, when the air shall speakers recommended the support of the Republican be exquisite with the lingering mellow warmth, and Ticket. The following persons have been named forreport of the Board of Commissioners of the Central TH» POLITICAL TKXT -BOOKSaturday afternoon, then, will be very pleasant at .. . . . * [Advertisement.Ward Statioa'BouM, when they waala Joj id«Uflo»UoiuaudhohMnoAuthoruseforaonitoh.A]^u. w.afTtilfr -&•'. .,•'•',•'»;'nHx-rns now on he-- 579 Btoadway." ».(AdTwtisomontl••• www.fultonhistory.com 