 TOL. IX—l>IO. 3925. T'^ "FROM WASHINGTON.IS^. €xmeiNEW-YOEK, THUKSDAY, JUNE 14, 1860."The PaialbBa*—TlM Seaator from Indiana has tbe State. They vmre not bonest enough In Wisconsin ^'T* . ' ^'8ht to censure at onr pleasure Uie Mr. SBxaaAa'a raaiarks aa refsired to tha Brooklyni^ IPRICE TWO CENTS! LATER FROM EGBOEfi.,V. ^.J.ivfcl,Soor. Mr.FweB-Slr,to do that.Judiciary? and U we haVe that right, why should Navy-jard.Mr. Pioano, ef Peaaaylvaala, fOeaa,,) old the Irom Ohio had aasalled aiembeia oa this'•'ft:oppoctaattyMttllir?? TaktB—Tke CUmmMuIB SAVY DKPffiltefr BSPKHDITDBES.Yeas, »Mr. SsBAstua offered an amendmentSeOaOtTlieaaiaBOca denied thm anof beingiRinil IF TH!• VniMnt urtlliHe had narer Senator say as nneb.lieard evenyetreaolationa. Hewantedtoseewhowarefor debate.Paknw,Aitpi vitkky tic Hfou..Mr. Hatkb, of Tennessee, (Dem.,) having thefloor to close the debate, yielded It a sh<»tttaM to Mr.B*t Eiied.,,I atifateltM tb« Vew-Tofk Vmtn.to be ed are snbjecis, and Uveuider our SBppos theyCtnoftinpetftionlng.Mr. FiKXHSiH—Then K theyliaTea rigkttopeti-tfea, I tUnk they ought to ka treated in the ordi-Mo dl^iBtebes relative to tbe defeat of UaasA by Wou kave been received here. The (allure of Jici- aa * Co.«xcites much attention, and among those tsterested in Mezicap affairs tliere is a decided sen- ntioD. It has been intimated to your correspoiidest tbat tke statement of tbe affairs of that concern, BOWbeforetbepublic,doesnotcomprehend\tsentire hnstasss Itls said that a peculiar class of transac- lioiiB,on an immenie scale, with tbe Kiramon Gov- asaaant tM the cbnrob property has been omitted. It ia also stated that tome six or seven bnndred thou- aaad dollara due to English bondholders were on de- i posit with JKZia * Co.removes any objection that I could tiave opposed to it bot^br the Intemperate language used on the other aide, and for tbe opinion of tike Senator from Massa- chusetts, if he classes himself tn the category of gen- tlemen, I care not ler it, for I do not class bim in tbat category at all.The petition was then referred to the Select Com- mittee.Mr. HnsTix, of Virginia, (Dem.,) from the Finance Commiltee, reportedMr. MoaBiu's Tariff bill, and moved to postpone it till the second Monday in De- cember.Tbe motion lies over till to-morrow.Mr. Powni., of Kentucky, (Dem.,) from tbe Judi- ciary Committee, reported the bill to increase tbe sal- aries of certain judges of the United States.Mr. Batask, of Delaware, (Dem.,) from the samethis, in coimection with the doctrine promulgated by own participation iii the attempt to get Difbixs ap- was in violation of law, and in a maimer unusuU, (BABuro.)—Whiat doll and staady. laaa dali;i8CKU<4noeB mmwas—mKKSBia an> umon- snuacxs.SamonstraaceafromdtlieniofNew-York,Phila- deltdUa, Boston, and Cincinnati, agaiast any mcrease ef tbe tariff en steal were presented to tlie Senate to *^JIj. BaTaao reported back tbe Utah Polygamy bill with an amendment. He also presented an adverse report-on the mesoohal of the New-York Chamber of Commerce relating to damages resulting from collis- loBS ateea.nnrzRAL or exN. izsvr.Tbe public departments bare been closed to-day, andasostof the Government employes attended the ftoaHU of tbe late Gen. Jssor.case in the which actuated the spiritPennsylvania. Morris ofllUnols. Nelson, Nixon, Ului,Pettit Bsbin- :PoTt«r, FeMer. PatlM^ Qaailea, Bins.Atbta A Co., reportiwbill, ment upon the Executive authorities ! Here we are debtIntwoyears. TbeCommitteehad withastriking(act,tbatherenow,fromtheveryl>e-tendency,quotations.tleman at St. Louis, largely interested in the Pike's Taak mines, says tbat private letters coafirm tbe In-with the bill lor raising the proper revenue. This was House never claimed the right to inflict punishment ridiculed at once by Court and lawyers. Tbe testi-diaa depredations In Pike's Peak country:thoasasd troops will be needed therepeat excitement in the mines and all work isIIMr. ToosBs, of Georgia, (Dem.,) considered that tion, bst to the Republican party, who Increased thegreat extent. He thought thesingle61.sixesstepped.Hi '^forfiveyearsthewastheniMrcturTNavy aSoathemMr. FiTCB replied tbat he had no objection to thairo'clock._HOUSB OF REPKBSBNTATIVES.system woold resolve into anarchy aad con- This thing was never attempted before. It' lesccorpost-ovficestaxtbroKroKKiON tohighly injurious to the public service.Mr. RxAoAit, of Texas, (Dem.,) moved an amend-ment, that the Repub'ican members of the House, in leceivlng and acting on the proposition of Mr. Di-LXniBS.Tbe Post-oSce Department will issue in a few daysIginningof the Government, in 1789, down to the pres- ent time, this is the first proposition of the kind ever made by the House of Representatives, that it should resolve itself into ajudicial tribunal, and pass judg-changed.United States fis. Bonds, 1868 United States Ss,;__^__ S. For tbe Aasoclated Press.In 1S54 a series of resolutions were the amiaed was examined. Notice was to him the The fourth resolution, that the President and Sec- Illinos Central Share* passed by givenVliaaaama, Wednesday, June 13. It ia ascertained from an official letter of the Voortb Auditor addressed to Purser J. S. Cca- nwHia, tlist payments to Commission and Warrant Officers will be made in accordancewas no censure proposed, no declaration set forth; 106ag^nst61.New-YorkCentralShareswith tbe provisions of the act of June 1 ,qaestiens arising from supposed errors as to sea ser' Tlee in the Navy wlU be referred to the Navy Depart- jaaat for decision, and not to the Fourth Auditor.TheactingmidsbinmenoftheNaval and Academytile ship Plymouth are entitled to tbe pay allowed in 'fte new bill to midsbinmen.Tbe Conferees on the Homestead bill met this III iilng, and found themselves unable to agree. 1 hay will meet again to-morrow morning for a final cftirt.TheBaaidofNavyOfficers,to examinetbeniid-ahipmen who have graduated and seen the required aea service necessary to receive tbe warrant of Pass-ed MldriilpfBen, will convene at Annapolis on the Utbinst.Tbe affirmative vote of 6S in the House, to-day, to lay the resolutions of cencure of tbe President and Secretary of the Navy on the table, was composed exclnsively of Demorrats, while all the South Amer- leaas present, together with Messrs. Assain. Ciisx of New-York, Davis of ludiana,^ Hasbin and Moaaiegivingencroachment bisupon prerogative as shortly^rtiesof iillDOls, voted with Che Republicans in the Ive.House was controlled by the Republicans. They hadhim on such impeachment, yet notwithstanding not to censure hiia. But 1 deny this assertion. W« ral part of the Patent-office report be printed for thea resolution of and we use of the Patent-ofBce, and ZOO.OOO for distributionThe California steamers on tke Pacific side toucbsd at Acapulco, but held no communication with tkeIt is said that Gen. A, 8. Johsstox will beappoint- those House bills. When such werepoint, rather conceding, indeed, that he was right,to the right to reward and praise. This is a power in-^^^^^^^^ed to succeed the late teimaster-General of the amy.morning. There Is much disciusior going on among theA numbei o{ tht-delegates arrived here from iUchmoad thiscessity for an increase of the tariff for revenue 'to meet the debts of the Governmeul. and expenses. During three years the Government hai gone in debt $50,000,000. He did not Believe theis the sentiment and doctrine of the Constitution— mittees of that House'are constantly at work, some- was passed by 102 against 60.that the respective departments of the Government times praising, sometimes censuring, and very fre- Mr. GcBLiT also reported a resolution, which wasare of each other In their different the Government a vote of passed, to print 5,000 extra copies of tbe report of A CAED FKOX TEE BklTISH OOMKIXaAL OlSIia-A serenade Is spoken of frsm Mr. Yakii and others.making Investigations into corrupt and iniquitousproceedings, where such may have come to light, or some person for him, did' not ask lor awith the view ol Impeacliing the President by the vote upon these resoluttoniat Salem by Dr. Loeuk, who was agreatest possibleprevailed through-««her«, for a»kir,g•ad desired >iat it benittee on the Harper's Perry InsurrecUon.^^ '*°<^'le've waylor an eiplana-aa tiie Senatorannually. the Presi- remarks, could get satisiaclwn iie; e o"outTlde liate this new order of proceedings. 1 challenge dent, as well as the fact that tbe contract had not was referred to Btat Com- thecoamoer. lie was speaking of the G,."crnment, them to produce the charter or authority by which been left to competition>as the law demanded. Mr. and made no personal imputations. He cui.um^dto liave undertaken to do that which they are now SuxxMAjr then reviewed the whole of the circum-tma Blttce.the heproofattemptraa off at a furiousthe poor girl after her. After running soow distancethunder-storm at Cleveland, O the girl's head struck a soHd rock, crushing In tlie ,aegroes,Major-GeneralJssscp asThe Alleged Lery-by the Sharif af Alhaay Caaaty.Seceding SouthernDemocraticof the ud CeunrsdstiflingtkeBfHiMTuifUUby«pottpa—nmitteBceemtwc tnmanibody,aadfael mysdf degraded by ^Congress and of a clear and thing in the volume of testimoDy which joatifiet thepalpabte violation ol the Constitu-1660, and allnega-reduced the estimates of the Aamiaistration000, while a Demooratic Senate, under the control of Democratic Senators, had added over six mlUions tothat the Senate demed that Intended to theyhave the rightI,I!{,:II!II;;II1IIHutchins.Michigan. Humphrey, Irvine, Jankin,Kellogg of Michigan, Kellogg of Illinais, KenyOD.Kll-unaltered. Red,10a.3d.®10B.td. dull and offered at 6d,;tbe amendment on this bill. Heatampe for rwen/y-Zbur, thirty and nine cents, to facili- should consider the House bill on tbe Tariff, whereFBiis, by which he to promisedtat* tbe payment of postage on foreign letters. Q, tbe amendment properly belongs. He did not think tbe objection good tnat there was not time to considerthe Tariff bill.Ftosb .AaotkcT OorraqpsadSBt. Mr. Sutaons, of Rhode Island, (Rep.,) spoke againstecutive magistrate of ihe land. If we have or ever wotad snch an objection as that be regarded in any {tnraotflitoen and election as public printer, was corrupting Massachusetts 5s, Bondv- had the right to act thus, it is very strange tiiat in court of justice, that a case coald not be prop- and demoralizing in tendency, and a bargaining of Mississippi Union Bank.Bonds days when the utmost political excitement prevailed erly conducted because the depositions in it were the offices and patronage of the House, and deserves Ohio sixes, 1876#•crowds of Democratic pouuclans in the city, and cooling importation would afford sufficient revenuegress, and it, in its legiiiniate sphere, is indepen- had this power as incidental to their legislation. 1 also, a resolution to print the same numtier ofdent of the President, I am no: ueaying the right believe 1 have completely disposed of the tectinical copies of the report of Lieut. Ivss on the Explorationaiid the power ot the Hoa.se of Representatives objections raised here,' Sir, 1 say it has been a of the Coloralo of the West. This last was tabled. Tm the EditorNxw-Yoaa, Timesthere are maty impromptu ia the hotels. for the requirements ol theWednesday, Juo« ". !»"• )meetings.Mr. Bc&uxGAHK, of the Committee on Foreign Af-eUcit speeches Couiderable uuportance is attached ic the speechfairs,to-nigai,Xtosecured,suspensionaelegit- fromKaasachnsetts te the Chaileston Conventien, but who 4;ans, by refusing to pay honest contractors, iiau thus-seas kept away by the illness of his father. He will reduced the apprepnatioBs. $150,000, for finishing thebeivesentat Baiiiinare, and advocate the Tennessee Platfoim, which it is thought may be the position taitaa by nnmerons Northem Democrats.fHOCEKPIMOS OF CONGRESS.SENATE.Waaaawtea, Wednesday, June 13.•If-SuMHEB,ofMaaaachtisetts,(Bep.,)preseated » jaemoriai, signed by Dr. HxasT B. Cauvsa andMr. Maktib, of Virginia, said tlie noise waa S^.r^"';SV5r.uit,;^ou^d_,beJeci£inhUiav„^tbe diaeharge of TaABOics Htaii,^'j°'*"'%lf.'"'Vd IS^ mouft of toe other end to the cow's tali. When the cow had pro-Com- Mr. Plica, of Jndiana, (Dem„) objected. Inasmuchend of the rope around tbe body ef Ma'Cster, andreferred to the Specialdisclaimedany Impiitattononto end, we can find the power to inflict punishment 35, being in excess 50 cents, which in the amount of and pass sentenoe upon tbe President of the United coal furnished to the Government resulted inshore of the r"* he Ued hi.presentea, but ti:e other day, a petition and whichthetheyl^i^rf. dolBg. Why, Sir,Mr. Bdioixb said he hadtiaa that the petition was fromshow that theRepublicans were friends o<"if we can censure the stances connected with the live oak"During a heavyskull, a»d at the saaie-tlme the cow'« uii oat, puljrteipressly sUted at tbe persono of AfricanMr. PirOB replleil that It might liave been the case,President,legislative aolioo, why wliich has been so.contract,ol tbe 4th Inst, the lightning struckresistance. Tne gut face, neck an* head,did not re- bat It was done without the knowledge of the Corn- collect tbe Yazoo grant in Georgia, when: tbe peopleLouee, but Mr. Brown,IthougntgiveKentucky 6s,1858-T2I.authority.burned the records of the State ?bir, ToovBS replied that some dishonest men In Mr. Scam—What of that, Mr. President? Wiia' gotsupposedj.nieIf Ididf tbe Leglslatnra as In the case of new States, but theUntitled Documentwas seconded, thus catting off Mr. 810K1.I8. of New- the rbd Is now completely dried up,I don't want to be ioteiropted by the Seaator from Massachusetts.rcensure us J Tnis to— doctrineattemptedherewouldleadtolntorminaoie discord between the coordinate branches of the Gov-of Maine, (Rep.,) wanted io know If it was asserted as a principle tliat aagroes oould 'eramant, sad taktead of a Govemmeat with its co-fusion."" Pre'ent Hoase ofr*,* }rx.y Bepresantatlves tointiate Ihia movementof We, especially Hue presentMr. PnsannsiT,not petition Congress-appropriating $2,500,000 for paying Ihe claims of the Choctaw In- dians under the treaty stipulation, wbieb, after much debate, was carried over by an adjonmment at 10ordmate branches working harmoniously together, we vvouldhaTe a Government of discordant anil hos- tile elements, making war one upon another, all tbe wholeMr. Bnaaan, of Keatncky, (Dem.,) called for tke yeas and nays on ordering the mala question oa theaarr Biode, aad I thlak it does net infringe upon the j^X THE CAPITOIi- ^gnlty of any Committee to receive them.nal. to pass our sentence of condemnation npon thespecial order, being the resolutions reported back PresideBt. the executive magistrate of the United dangerous precedent—certainly a mlschievoas one— The Boyal Kail steamship NiagTo, from ^irer'IBB USE OF THA9BBDS HTITT.Navy has, with the sanction of the President, abnsed beginniag to assume the God, and to hurl our thun- ported. It was nowby which .the evidence was re- sought to condemn or censureport,TBS BODSX txam BILL.Ifa. HnRES bas atteaptsd to croid actioD Qpoc coma frqii dtticak. .1 aiirwllUag to near peUtlonssteamship lUmtit, bvnA New-York, arrived atMr. Fitch said hispetitianiig as citixeas, when it was well known thati thesepetitioners theywere In bis immediate livirgof the United States and tbe Secretary of tlie Navy, cfrcumstances. Mr. Bocock went on to show that of Stewartobjectionol onnerves than oar fathers, who were representa- prevlons one, when this Honse cannot have control Department, which declare that the Seciftary of the tives of the people, thought of themselves. We are over the Committee•IVasUagtsa, txpmMew- York, and Bokauaa, from Quebec, antvad at.4ivCT-pool on tbe 1st.TheSouthampton on the IsLwe do aotMr. FimBSxa— Snopose they are not citiaensThe »f steamship CUylaeogaixethem at all aa snch.laws, aad aa such Aer tfave the right we allewior-«igiMn,ta present petitioas at any tisae. I wish to ektn my dissent entire^ to the Idea ih«t we will not leeeiTe petMoas hoee, and look at fliem, unless theytion tbe cooduct of the Supreme Court in the Dred*Mis destmctive of dbgciptine, and injurious to and Secretary of the Navy, if there ia any- mittee, speaking of its gross and manifest usurpation, The Royal MaildotagH.'Mr. Wnaea—Itseenato ma. Sir, that thla la a varythe public service ; that the FieaideBt and Secieury resontieas last aeasion the aawiemaa tion in connection with tliis Investigation. No reported by pro-Gomsoittee, reported the House bill to prevent gamy in Utah, with an amssMiment.Ohio to administer censure upon him. Thispotr- propo-man, let us hurl our the t^underoolts againstsition involves some points which I will briefly dis- An Immense number of adverse reports was made, cuss. The first question it involves is the question and private bills and memorials of minor importai^e raised by my colleague a fow days ago, whether it isgentle- njen on the other side. Mr. BococE then wentreported.The Senate MB fM tbe raCef of Amox Dan, ex-riglit aad proper in the Booaa of jtoMaaaatatlrsato form itself into a and oro- judicial ttibunal,the appoiniment to offices generally under each Maynard. McKean, McKnigbt, McPhersoa, MiHward. AdmlTJlstration, contending that it was doae' in Moore ot Kentncky, Moorehead, Morrill. Morris of quoteWbsAT declined Id. Coaa gaaera])y uackaaged. LivsarooL fbovisios mMttr.from the Treasurydollar he couldacted on by a succeeding House; Tbis isThe bill wasevery passed.get.quenUytrue tomatter as this, when you come to investigate the rights and privlleRes of freemen, and to consider theof judgment and inflicting punish- propriety passingMr. Sunxu, of Louisiana, (Dem.,) called up the resolution for night sessions.were considered.Mr. HnitTsa reported an amendment from the Com-mittee on Finance, extending the time of funding thesustained by party feelings. In this case, involving NAXSr—Messrs. AUen, Avery. Bocock. BOnham.Barch, livery i the maritetls improvtag.Mr. HAJCMOsn), of South Carolina, (Dem.,) said the legislanon of night sessions blurred the records of the country, aiid he thought such sessions a disgrace to theSenate. IntheoldofPresident, he begged that tlie House would give itproper consideration,Cireviar and othersSrSAB heavy, and quotations barely maiBtaioad.Roman Senate a>l laws passed after sundow n were invalid, and tbat was before the;discoveryofalcohol. [Laughter.]The resolution was passed.The Legislative and Executive Appropriation bills rake£K. I^bsbbb— bly placed lowest on the list, but altogether with a JMiblack. Pendleton. Peytan, Phelps. Regan. Buffin, an average business, but quotatioBS nnnkaageddebt of $20,(XHI,UOO to four years, stating tbat the the right to pronounce judgment and inflict punish-House had sent in an amendment to the TariffandiousBxiL & Son reportfund thisthought best to place it in this bill, and extend tbe time.Mr. BiauE, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,) objected tothe marketgeneiaHy un-__W 4IIW M • tS •• '• M MVA •»!»an attempt toquestion, and cover up the extravagance of the Ad- ministration.carrymony in this case was taken in the proper and legiti-matenesses waswitness the Secretary of the Navy desired to be ex-but Mr.The third resolution, as above, was adopted—123that Unthat there is the extravagance did aot belong to tbe Admlnlstra-to tell me oneproperlyconducted. Isayliere thateveryiIIbills to aquesUoBS of Finance and Protection should never beSenate in reference to the act of Gen. Jacxson very day the Committee was appointed, and he was retary of the Navy, by receiving and considering llie lUinois Central Sixesappropriationand to be iiimseif or party in requested present personally, threughrelations of bidders for contracts with theMichigan Central eights, Michigan Central Shares New-York Central sixes1869over the Presidential contest tbisof Alabama, (Dem.,) ob-connected.Mr. FssBiiisx!! defended tbe Republicans from thecharge of extravagance, saying that the Democratic AdmlnlEtratlon recommended them, tlie Democratic Committees reported them, and Democratic Senators voted for tbem, and they in the minority were not re- sponsible for tbem.Mr. Siaaoaa took the same view.Mr. TooHBB said he blamed tbe Republicans and some Democrats who voted with tbem in making a majority for extravagant appropriations, and charged that a combfcation existed in various quarters to in- crease ihe expenditures so as to make protection necessary.theyfor word, copies of the- depositions which affected_ ErieRailioadscveaa,1stMottgaga.Mr.BioLssproceededto tbatover millions show six—who dreweral others up the resolution, in view ofnow. withbrought up Alabama,andFugh.ThesalesofCottonyesterday(Saturday)amountedand pay toe interest of the debt, lie therefore advocated the„,„,„ •^'^'Vi'LiS.JS^ since. There Senate bill for the relief of Fkahcis iDamgi, The to theaffalrs of this Com^nj 'J'?^"" "1!^^!approprlatioris Increase of the tariff to meet exigencies.efihe Kew-York 111 reference to a telegram ..-Mr. TeoMBB read the Civilthe amendments ot ti;e Senate Fii.ance Committee, showing that every one made was to fulfill contracts and cany out existing laws. The House RepuoU-Charieston CiMtom House, was put in bv tbe Senate tu fullill obUgationB to honest contractors of Maine and pay for the The Republtcaas of taeowing ,„v' a Government the most complicated in character, of the case, showing that the coal confract was given to sfraogers being on tbe floor, and called on the the roiNl'being a foreign corporatlosL *-E0. Si. KNtVlTT^granite.Houee appeared to be econamlcai by cheating hon-are, above all the nations of the earth, existing under aggeration. Mr. SHXBUAif then entered into a historywith a State Government and a Federal Government, without public competition, as required by law, to a Speaker to enforce the rules.gacypen-strictlyNavy,house he(Dr. Hcsrxa,) alwaysinfor fraudulentdefended of theOy liie Conetltutlon. Are we to inflict punishment stopped when he came to Wasbington. He there-appropriating t7,00tl,«00sions. He condemned Ue agricultural appropria- llticsas a job.at 93* P. H.Edmund,prevailed. Adjourned.aUelhi. Delaware County, a week ago, which result-tauoDs Cist ur.votedforthemeasure. Hedidnotlikethewaythe senator spoke al»ut it.Ihe Constitution but we find it there written that the contract ;17 jears old, and his half-sister, ELUASgTB.Ptyi. the victim. Tbettoyhadbeensenttotaaatke'oowsto,;„*.!\'''.'"!f"', j"^''-backsomehay. Onhis waybe 'Ii8d one pianUv theany sSatorMr. Bloi.SK taid he did protest. Mr. To<viii.s replied that if he waefollowed bf theti.e Department orto^ others, pocketinglargeofatourAppropriationbill, withlong tiistoryMr. P. CA(3«w'eclaim '^"•"'.fb^^'^b^S^'tbe Senateone-half of theof the public printing in the event of his nom- Mar>land 5b, Bondsall over the land, when criminations and recrimina- taken before even the Judge was appointed to sit on A privata dispatch received to-alght from a gen- the amendment. He said it ought to be connected tions were the order of the day, that no man, that this the Bench to try it ? Such an objection would tiett 6t • 87 86 • 8S 80 • 8S 83 • SS 82 « 84 88 •U dia.4t « 43 84 66 Si • 88 •Ml 8» • 84 •• • *» Tl •78 88 •86 88 •88 78 •78 da • 48Senators whoamountn..t satisfied with mandfroai those who nowto iol- Thisfact, he contended,was known togaoce. Tbev were deep jn corruption in all tne lee- ofImspaeUve any legitimateon tl.e morningZ?^ on the houreof Mr.lowed It to the earth leaving no mark uponso great was tbe force of the was also badly cut around the She was taken up by the boyAlter further debate tbe amendment for fundingagreed» to ;*",% '"t"""' 5*?« ''Sht$27,060,000 Naiya, I*.WASHntOTOit, Wednesday, June 13. Tbe Honse proceeded to the conudeiatioD of theMnuos, of Tlrginla, (DeaM) whoargacd that tke House Representatives, of all people os earth, for- Commiltee oa Expendlnuea in the Nair, De-of Ike Mayy, la ecasMeriag lite party relatioBS of from OhioC (Mr. Shiuuii) from the minonty of tlie tests of tbe Secretary ibould deter him from the con- extraoMlaary proeeediag on the pan of the Seaator MMen, and Ike eftet of awaidiag o(mtracts pending CoBaMte, and the present rerolutlons reported by scienUons performance of his dnty. TUs was thexcx^aAdt); iddlsg mdaow to tbe Legialatlve Ap-fMpriaMcsbUl,vulnrtltngtk«Iwneef$20,000,000 froaiIndiana. Tbeetherdaymycaileagnaofeaoot- elections,aredeaervtegoftheleprabatioaoffhl>ilK kaadih i»i>iwi>l< is t*« rwn, at eiz per cent. ed a petitlan from certala colored eitiiens of Masss- Hoaie ebasetta—mea wite have In that Commonwealthamber from Tennessee (Mr. Hatioh). Ttte latter gaitieman triumphantly announces ttiat be can sustain the position taken by him in tbisfirst tune that the Bead of a public department had shrunk from an investigation, and tbe example is setand atttblitktd Wi kea<l-;tiarter< thtn, afttr athat DsitnL B. Habos, a member of thewift wMili Ml iim r M lllliiMiil TKU1117 note*. all tbe rights of dtixaniUp. He stated on Board of Engineers to report on proposals for catc matter. We shall see. Bat I appeal to theSecretary, who objects to the ezpres^on of opin-etmtat and a bmhtrtmatt hyteaandUmd.Tfcfimiliinl iHmii iiiiii»|ilniHiTiTntiirf"'>tn tliia floor what was aot necessary to state, stmctlon of machinery, be being peiaesially inter- practical oommon sense of the House to say that tbe petlti<Hi caate from colored men. ested therein, is hereby censured by this House. if there it a single fact sustained by the testimony.•^the LeglsIatiTe npoa tbe Executive brancb of the cbtisetti presented a petiUoa the other day from cers. They are nothing more nor less than a con-•OoTeriuiieat. It is predlated tbat a similar resola- colored citizens of bis Stale. Now, Sir, it seems to me tliat this is a very extraordinary position to be «gB -aHl Mlow reapeetiBf tbe Supreise Court. taken here in tbe Senate of the united States,gavecost to the country, and in opposition to the Iaw i»-qnfrtng that this contract shall be open to all bidders.The resolution does not complain tbat tbe contract L-an. Huffin, Scett, Skskles, Siaiaa, Singleteo, Ssatthof eXd. The lower qualiUea were very Imkalrt, aad was given to an incompetent man, but tnere was Virginia, i!tall«orth. Stewart of tlarylaad, Stoat, Tay- difficult ofaale. In the file qnalHiM ttwa-i^ aoYtwa* eoSrdbiate braucbes majr retort. If tbe; lee ;it. Tbe President may Issue a proclamation, cen- wtias meatbeis M Coagiess, and tbe Sapreme CvBt might gnveiy dett*er an opinion, tkat a ma- jmitf of tbe preaaat Bauie of BepnaootatlTei badand 1 hope. Sir, tbat tbe freemen of this country will noteana mark this position, takenhere on this sul>-Senate.as an losuU to a Senator of this body, out it is. Sir, amotion accoorpanled by remarks wnlch deserve andshooid receive tbe rebuke of every gentleman in this But the resolution is not directed against that body.saeh a gross neglect in tbe maimer In which the the interposition of the House. But the House mustMitrjilMaryland,by large number best men of his Humphrey, Hutcbins, Irvine. Jnnfcen, Kel^ggtba CanatitBtlon, aad paas iudgment accard-alHise.that Is called for ?Dr. Hunna, ofa of the mlck, Hickman, Hill, Hos>rd, Bowaid (a MicDlgan,TEX .^DTICIS nWH KSXICO.Tte statement from Washington in Teaterday'saa—Is not the House asked to inflictState,uponsuch recommendationhe got the of Michigaa, Kellogg of luintiis, KenyOB, Kll-<. relative to Mexican affairs, is aot justified trftctf. No ditcoonging dispatches laspeetiiic the ftMpeets of the Uberals bare been received, so far as I oaa IsBni, la this city. On tbe contrary, the ad- -eieaajastfeoeindareof tbe moat eaeonraging na- taic, aad tbe probabilities of tbe stablUty of the Jm0XT% Goreramasit appear aK>re decided than ever. SaSorMixaexpresseshisbeliefthattbeLiberalsare alaadily xalBing, and will ere long iiave entire con- tool of tbe-eoontry.that a particular act of Qiese gentlemen demands theEnglaadhad IncreaaadIreiard it, SLr,—I will not sayif it be an abuse at all. It was ticed, however, under tlie old system, already abolished by law, and cannot be again introduced.7!Kd.|Mlddling KoWes. • 1-I6d. 'ject,lntheMr. MA805, of Tlrginla, (Dem.,) said he was not iti the Senate when this subject came up, but he under- stood that the Senator from Indiana desired no refer- ence of this petition, because some few days ago a petitioa had been presented by tlie Senator from Mas- sachusetts upon its faoe declaring it to be from nesroea, veiled nsder thb expnasion " peUtionerB of African descent" Tbe Committee had instrocted bim to make a report on tliat peUtloQ wliiefa be had prepared, and only asked time to present.Mr. FosTSB, of Conaeetieut, (Rep.,) said he knewpracticed,:aion of the House on his official conduct Mr. HAnoa The populac* took the Soyal Palace from the then referred to tha testimony to show tliat tke reso- troops aad Immt It.lutions were abundantly (usttined and ought to beM;.llr. BMum betaigtlie oitjr Banoontie Seaat^r That petition was referred to tills great Conlniinae Mr. Booocx, of Virginia, (Dem,,) in opposing the Sfr, If this House was a judicial trlDunal, sworn passed. The twrnbaidmeat continued at the lataat atMeaa, ^oHnc ts tke zegMn, The Hotua will strUEe otfthe tm file Harper's Ferry lasnrrectien, whote dignity it to decide th^ case according to this testimony, I Hr. Boooci moved to table the resolutions. Nega- The Chineie reply to the Bagiiih niHm«h.T> jg ^qI).seeass has been wounded, and that Committee, I un- resolutions, and after a few preliminary remarks, would not despair, bumble as I am, of being able to tived—6S agaiast 120.«WiiriiiriiitandBiakeai{ktesfluoilgtaalbU,pro- derstand,intendtomakeareportuponit. Tnis said—Look,Sfr,attheseresolutionssubmitted1^tbe defeateveryresolutioncometoonthestrengthofthe YlAft—Meisrs.Alien,Avery,Barksdale,Barr,Bi>- lished.Itrejectsallthapropodtlaaa.jMod to be poftpeoed.IKB TOtK or CKlfgtJKI OK THS PRISHUIST.Tke idoptioii by tbe Heoae, to-diqr, of a reeolntioo•f ccurars Qpan tbe Ffeaident, is regarded by the mlttee. He does present It, and tbe Senator from• Seaocratlc members as a dangerous encroacbjment Indiana rises and objects to its reference, until be has time toexajnine it, because the Senator from Massa-Cochrane, Ooz, Oraigot Htsaoori, Oialgeot North Car-''morning my colleague presented a petition from member from Tennessee, (Mr. HAno5,) and tell me testimony contained in that volume. What is tba eoek.Bonhsm, Boreh, Bamett, Olopton, Cebb, Johnwhite men, and I eare not whether it comes fromwhite men or triack men,—he has a rignt, as a cit-izen, to present that petition, and he has a right, as a amine tbem particularly, and it will be seen tbat theyfact with to one of the charges, tliat regardComBierctellBtelHgeMe.'' LivzBPOoi, ooncnr xabsit.Senator, to present it and ask its reference to a Comhave no reference whatever to legislaUoa. TheyIn no a before the Senate contemplate way procedurefor an impeachment of this House on these high offi-ard ofLandram, Larrabee, Leake. Logan, Love, Martin of <ihio, Martin ol Virginia. McQueen, McBae, Millson. Alontgomery, Niblack. Pendleton, Peyton, Phelps, Bea-Broken' CircMlar reports the ntea 6f the apaeaU-If I am mistaken in my appreciation of then? Ex-olina,ahnsed a dlseretlonary power In (the purchase of KagUsh, Floreoee, Fonke, Oarsett, Sartrdl, BasaiUon,the Presidest and the Secretary of tbe Navy dis- coal for the Government, that the psirty to wbotn theythat it relates to an abuse that can no longer beCrawford. Dejamette, Dlmmtca, EdmnndsoB, Harris of Tirgiaia, QlsdiaaB. Bolnan, BonsMa, Ho«-Theweek at SS,000 balsa, ol which lfl»» wsie fators, and 10,0(10 to ezporteia. The iMlkat, elaaed veiy dull, with a dcdine on moat deacrldtSsM Kd.demnation of the Chief Executive of the country,and an infliction of punishment apon him. Lookat the first of these resolutions, and it will be saen contract was given out and disposed of, as to demandlor, Tbomaa, Underwood, Vallandtgham, Wniteley, material change. Friday's sales were 1JM halaa, Wright—66. including 1,000 to apeenlaton and axportati, ik#aar- Nats—Adams of Massachusetts, Adams of Kentnekr, ket elosing qtiiet Tliii riilliiiiin siii Ikii alktiiiiiilAdrain, Aldrleh. Alley. Anderson of Sentooky, ABldey,Babbitt. Beale, Bingham. Blair of Penasrlvanui, ?aaoftraOtrtloenasnsBlike Boullgny, Br&bson. Brayton, Bristow,Bafflng-101, Butserfield, Campbell, Carter, Ohse, Horace r. Middling Oiieans... 6^d. PtA-^Iaada-..- -THd.No; bnt it is to rebuke aad Inflict ponishment upon the President of the United States and the Sec- retary of tbe Navy. Is it not, in tact, a punishmentpimisbment upon the President aad the Secretary ofthe Navy ? One of the resolutions dlrectlv chargesthose who bad the best right to know? Why, thatunder this man's a better of coal was agency qualitysupplied tothe Government than ever tiad been before.Lee, Longnecker, Loomis, Lovejoy. MaUorr, Marston, Maynard, McKnigbt, HcPharson, MiUward, Moire of Kentncky, ](ooiebead,UarTili, Morris of Fennsilvania,Consols closed onand 95095^ for account.The bullion in the Bank ofupon those in executiveI askresolution, and the whole examination of tbe wit- jected.Hoosioif,whotives,pastHouse ofimproperbefore the and I then en- to the affirmative. adjournment,Pennsylvania Central sixes, 1st Mongage.90 • 92 Latest Markets, via Queemtetpm.^gentlemen Representa- instance where in our history such a right was ever claimed before.this for claim power theway,sooth, nrast resolve oorselvee Into a judiciary trlba-had nodefunct Select Committee had left off. It was (mostHkuriz,7£ft 13.iiad reference to their from the Commlttse on Expenditures in the Navy States. We are beginning to have a higher opinion for one Congress to revise the evidence report^ to a pool 2d, via Queenstown 3d lnat„ has atilve&at this; it is bisdiscretionary poweragent, and for the purchase of fuel for the Govern-shall next, as has been susgested to me, ques- themselves.opportnnity to defendin tbe selection of a coal derbolts around ns. If we assume this power, we executive ofllcers who have noMr. Hattos argued that the House has power to pass Ihete resolutions. By the vote just taken this that the dlttribution of us see, admittinK that we have the power to Inflict was determined by an overwhelming majority. The the patronage of the Navy-yards among Members of punishment upon the President of the United States Secretary of tbe Navy had sent a letter to the Com-that the contract with SwiR for live-oak tim- so as to reverse it Scott decision,;mentber was in violation of lawaltogether.Butlet;ttiejSereethe contract for the at a niinous service got itOhio, .Hughes, Jaokson, Jenkias, Jones, Keitt,know that inprac- ernment it is Impossible for the Prestlent to makedisposing of tbe patronage of the Gov- appointments from his personal knowledge. He mustthose whom he The very same thing wasdoneintheHouse. Thecoalagentappointedbythe President in this case wasReading, Penn., who came recommended to theExecutive:.recommendation supposes competent to judge.Clarke, Colttx, Covode, Davis tf Da- vis of Curtis, Maryland.Indiana, fiawea, Delano, Duell. Dunn, Sdgertoa, Pamsaorth, Fentoo, Ferry, Foster, Frank, French, Gilmer, Goeeh, Giaham, Grow, Gorley, Bale, Hall, Bareeman. Harris cf Haakhi, Hattoa. Hel-FairM<3iUesThe stock in port was astliaaled at liSUitM balc*|of which 1,089,000 were American. STATI or TRADg.The advices from Hancheater were tmfavoraUe, the market being qolet, owing to Iks holiday*.LOnOK KONKT KASKIT.rely npontheof7^d.lMUdUngU|iiaMii«l-I«d,Porter, Potter.^ PoUIe, Qnarles, Kobinion of Khode £48,000.resolution says that a particular act of the President stances, he made too much mmiey in consequence of Island, Boyce, Scranton, Sherman, &nitfa of North Car- The Mosey market was generally iinrhaaget.can send the Sergeant-at-Arms to arrest the President friendsand bring him liere, and set up the gentleman fromand care must be taken that no shall chargeley, Bale, Ball, Bardiman, Harris of Maryland, Has- Wbbat kin Bsbnick, Hickman, Bill, Hoard, Howard of nominally unchanged.aadWhite, ll*.aHa.oftbeIndianAf&irsinMr. Lars, of Oregon, (Dem.,) opposed the bill, say- expartt testimony taken before a Select Com- gentleman so appointed was from his district and ofSoperistendeat considered.Oregoa,puntshmeat upon tbe President of the United States, upon theson of Bhode Island.Sherman. Smith ofNorts Caralioa, Somes, Spaulding, Spinner, Stanten, Stevens, Stewart Pennsylvania,Stokes.Stratton,Tappaa,Thayer,sin, Wasbbame ot Illinois, Webster, Wells, Wilson,was eeed sentenceandinflict to passout the contract for binding, because tbat the log tbe man no honesty and no Integrity, was mittee of a past House of Representatives, it a personal friend. He assured the bouse that resolu-eerier, bni qmilillwi iwaala Bacoxfirmatextremerates. Caaan dull and declined 4d.asd. LAts dull. Mow of sale, and quotations aainlnal. Tallow dd, tr Nonk Ametlran, on the spot, at S2a.«ita, U.; foe fakuc de-hadloathed by evegr boaest man, and deslr^ to filchVaadever, Van unchanged. Wyck, IVerree, Wade, Walton. Washburn ot Wiscon-might be said tbat the action oi past Houses was fre-tions from Committees came up with no other recom-ofmendation than that chairman, and perhaps one orTompkins. Train, Trimble, Vance,upto the daysnot concluded when his hourexpired.:aBgkdy quoted34s.6d.<^35s. Teaunalteredde-acertainextent butinsuchan ;importanttwoofthe andtbattheseresolotionswere Wlndoia.Woodruff—U9. Committee,I ask n;ent,then you,have a take the tes- you rightto;He i will first dispose of the techni- cal objecUoDS to the resolutions by the gentleman from Virginia, four of which had been urged. The first objection was taken to the depositions on which we are about to act, because they were taken before a committee of last session. Now, this is a very sin- gular objection indeed, when it is remembered that bill, public or private, upon which we base our legislation, depends almost entirely upon the testi- ment and inflict punishment upon the highest Ex- mony and documents taken some time before. HowJiffibsohand Asamsto make charges.Mr. of Sheshak, (Rep.,)ofI submit to the consideration of tbe House another question, which is, has the House of RepresentativesOhio,rose toreply.clined;from thewhich act the President had not only no precedent a representative, to examine the witnesses. He was United States, and the effect of awardingin law to sustain him, but in fact acted in derogation asktd a-so the name of the witnesses ha desired to be upon pending elections, have set an example danger-in the removingBank,of the law of the land. But on these resolutions there &ubp<fnaed, anddepositscontractswere subpcenaed. Word ous to tbe Dtiblic safety, and deserving the reproach New-Yorlt Central sevenshe ceserved the reproof of the Senate— it tb^ no,himweresenttohim,andweInvitedhiscooperation.with thewas a simple declaration that the act was not in conformity with the law of the land.' Gen. Jackson, who was very sensitive, considered that an in- direct reproof, and he answered it with a solemn protest against the action of the Senate, in which he deaounced that action of the Senate as anconfined the testimony entirelystrictress, and according to the sfrict rules of law,:Horti^ge.a coordinate branch of tbe government. Whatwas tbe conduct of the leading Senators of the daycratic majority, and I could notIf ,1 had succeededJuaa 3.— LixofClat,CAiaotJM,WtBSTiB, Virginia,andsev- getting;LivxaKWL, Sunday,7,000 bales, including 2,000 apecnialoraregardby the Department, and the Secretary of the Treas- jected to the protest so far that the President itures, I confess I did ask for the appointment, and Iury had stated In his report that we could not meet messed his on the that the dec- protest giotmdbad been appropriated by the Senate, not estimatedchargeThe follrwing, who vstedNay," on the second reso-to bales to aadthis of President Jackbos? protestThey only ob-beappointedlution, did not now voteobjec- tion. The gentleman from Virginia says that the ue was provided. He thought that those Democrats his motives, and, in fact, a censure upon bim ac- House has no power to investigate this matter at all.Maryland.EVgNIIiO SES-tlON.*these extiaordinary expenses unless additional reven- laration of the Senate was an Impeachment of who would vote with the Republicans in support of cordingly. Now, if gentlemen on the otlier sideWhen was this point made ?last session, when the gentleman from Virginia andan increase of revenue, did so without reference to party. He w as for protecting tbe industrial elements,andpreventingforeigncompetition. Theexpenses wUl exceed the revenue, ana there will not be a dol- lar to pay the public debt,Mr. Hdniix denied that there was any necessityfor an increase of revenue, and maintained tbat a lowrevenue prevented extravagant expenditures.At 4 o'clock the Senate took a recess.At six o'clock the Senate reassembled.Mr. Wilson defended the Republicans from thecould accept these resolutions of the Senate asTbe House reassembled at 7 P.M.,conveyingJackson,myself pursuedWhy, last session the gentleman himself reported aJoaa P. who leftBut they cannot.It wasexactly the reverse. Mr.impliedcensurepress, ot Dadiel B. Mabtin, Chief Bngint^r, as a member cf that place on the steamer of theKayfortopoints at Issue, and we did not travel beyond. Tnein a vote then I would aot have ittotheto the Committee on Naval"Craig of Hlssotwi, Baaulton, Hindman, Holman, Pey- exporters.never denied It. But with to another regardton, Stewart ofRecess from 4)$ to 7 o'clock.a censure on Presidentprececentoftherightofthisbodytoinflictcensure, breathedofquestioningthepoweroftheHouse? 90,againstand a^ a it would indeed be valuable to them in this matter.resoiution to the same matter which Clay oenled even that any indirect censure was con- and some blame.independent quently overthrowing by the of the Smithsonian Institution of 1859 spheres. The President is independent of Con- censure. There never was a legislative body yet but Regente;AXCS COHaAMT.No. 6» WAir-9«ar. /but I deny the right of this body to resolvewhere officials have demanded investigations. We have seen amatter of that the Secretary ol the Navy, surpriseunder aclaim has been long contested.of the the rules,fron.the particularof to having soughtExpend-was 'i notWhy raisedwhen the last in the series of the resolutions was adopted, by yeasthis Whoever beforeinvestigation? 37.Ipartmentright to resnnM the eaae ivfaere aWedneaday,andappointment. What was, then, the fact attested by liiger. Leach of Hletaigan. Le*<sh of North Carolina,reproof of the Moose of Representatives and another The only complaint was that, in fact, through ctrcum- Mornsof Illinois, Nelson. Nixon, Olin, Perry, Petcit,veyed, and declared that the resolutions were drawnup In general terms purposely, with a view to avoidan expression of opinion as to the motives of the Ex-ecutive, and limitea it to the fact tbat he had assumed Mr. SuxaMAB—It comes to the same thing. The Tbe Senate bill, amendatory of the act to ascertain previous to his arrival there. Among Ikoac who bada neitber conferred upon him by the Constitu- powergentlemandenies that the House has the to cen- and settle private land claims in California was rightdied was the American Consul,and sone SB' Ameri-Mr, BococK—I do not deny that the House has the right to investigate it, but 1 object to its proceeding on testimony taken at a past session of Congress.conetrBcting machinery for 'the United States, said was raging at Acapulco, from the effects of wliiohtion or tbe laws. Here, then, is the case. sure or punish but he will admit, no doubt, that it pasted, ;charge of extravagance, saying that tbe requirementsmade by the President and the Departments ex-ceed tbe appropriations made by Congress. Tbe to impeach his motives, or to pass censure uoon provjitce of the House is to praise the President, but ported a resolution tbat 15,000 copies of the agricultu- leaving for tbe interior of Mexico.charges Qitar- made, he desired to point attention to the record. He then proceeded to show the ne-opinionlegislative capacity upon the nature of the act. This mons in England does it every year. The Com- Motion agreed by majority,$1,800,-Impeacn his motives, yet (ailed to take issue with him on thepasscensure,the memtiers of the' House.Mr. Clakk, of Missouri, moved to increase theand the resolutionhad the were fast President Jacesoh denied tbe power of the Senate has tbe right to praise. Yes—be asserts mat the Mr. GcBiiT. from the Committee on Printing, re- caos. Those who opportunitybut that an they merely expressedin their cident to all booies. The House of Com- whole number to 300,000. legislative to 30tohave the tight to punish, as mucff as we have the rightSenateitself into a judicial tribunal, and pass sentence andinflict punishment in the way sought oy these resolu- Secretary of the Treasury -apply to this House for out the proceedings. Gentlemen frequently com- i^i;'^^;^H?fk"/ar',!nr/n'fofi'*prrti'orSf*srs. tions. We are here assembled under the written Investigation. 1 now come to the true facts of the plained that they could not understand what vrascharter, the Constitution of the United States, and we case, which I shall endeavor to present without ex- going 00.;have been instances in ourTbeconfusionwith a State Department and a Federal Department, with all our righTs,iand privileges, and prerogativesupon the highest rnemt>er of the Executive Deputt- fore contended that the contract was given to HHte- Mr. BiGLsa siiia he did not Ulte to hear such impu- pKitmtnt? We do not find our authority for that In TXE for personal reasons, wtitle he tet out theSpeaker gave direcUoos accordbtgly, but thisRepeated mottons were made to adjourn, snd one DcAiH.—'^ terrible accident occurred in tiw town ofeet contractors and carrying on a system of profli-Dr. HmtTSK, of Pennsylvania, a particular friend of the President, and a penonal friend o( the Secretarysecured, and and guaranteed,at whoseaHouseofRepresentativesshailhavetherighttoframe profitshimself,whilehestavedathomepractlcbigas etteCounty,Ky.,conceivedtheideaofmakinglaws for its owa guidance, and to punish its mem- a physician in Reading. Bv the agreement with Hos- of Inspection through the Southen. stales, so ho con- peistare, the little girl accompanvtaglkip* :4i hadbers for improper and disorderly conduct. Tell me, T» the latter charged the Government $3 83 a ton for trived to aaiie a sUff and started foriiZ', h^ /^!;"'''.r''lf°r V"= ^•'naior to protest against sir, on what page of the Constitution, trom beginning coal, while others were ready to contract for it at $3 tin of tha State. Instead of P"'"^ '".*?,",„ ,„,with him a piece of rope, with wbicl|ike wa^ to bringStates !I challenge the production of the proof. Ide- a loss to the country of $27,000way,referred to islatuiesoftheNorth,andGodonlyknewwnutihev diouldnotthePresidenthavethepower,withhis House,and,goingintoeachoftheresoloUansinJgni,would do if they ever got the power here. Mr. DootiTTU asked the Senator if beCouncil, to resolve ihemselves into a Com- he coaclnded upon the Heuae the Cabinet l>y pressingJoiaa. hU where she breached but two or tkr.«eJya«J>efor» sleopmg^ he rattar denfcat Inneces- mittee and declare Uiat we are illegitimate, a riotous, sity of their marking their disapprobation of the con-who washead near the place where tbe rod was fastened, was explruig. Ihe boy is .aid »aad tarfoulenttx>dy, and^ deserve the con- duct of Ihe President and Ihea right to censure tlia Presldeat, why should besaittee. He demanded tbe prarlooa qasstton, which enoughnoi have a right to ceasuie n* T If we have a right toalttourt It had pe-'ple hung some pf them, and tun others out of tbe ceiisure the ExeouUve, why (hould we Dot Votk, (Deal.,) wlio had risen to re^y to so much of ^ioua eupply of water la tt <» tlw tnc*mt day.afrequentlyin theJuUus Brown. It fol- theSecretary of the Navysul e of the ExseutlTe Dsparttaent ! If, Sir, we have byadoptiBg tlie resolutiaos broaght up the Com- SSinnJirMd fiad his left side p«ralyi«d. Shigttlarly inteUect, and it isdisorderlythat ke ii swas Imminmt danger to which his sistOT ^aa^iaeed byhisbythe expedition to Paraguay and other accidental olina, Somes, Spanldlsg, Speneer, Stanton, Stevens, HAvax HABKar.Pennsylvania, Stokes, Stratton. Tappan deservestbecenstireofthisHouse.Aind,Sir,isnotinotheryears,andunderAdminist'rations,evenThayer,Tompkins,'rrain.Triable,Vance,Yandever, Fortheweekending10thoiL,Cottoneloaadwithaneiahhornood ; tbeywere widte men.Mr. FassxitDaa—That makes no difference.Mr. FeeTia—And men of the highest respectability. Mr. Maboh suggested tbat the Senator from Indianashonla withdraw oia ohjectiou. Mr.Fitch—TbefactthatitisfromwUtecitizensinthecodethepunlslimentofcensureuponwaschargedthattheprofitsoftheofficeweredivided,PresidentandSecretaryottbeNavy,wasadopted,PotsandPearls.Corvxifirm.WbalbOn,lagoodthis in Itself punishment—an Inilictien of eeiuure ? greater profits were made from precisely the Van Wyck, Terree, Wade, Walios, Washburn of Wis- 'declining tencency ; sales of tbe week, lijIM bales ;:officers. I need not remind gentlemen that to a high- but would tbe impeccable, demure gentleman from without a count of the number voting on either side. demand. Rict dull, bat firm. Sgesx heavy. Laan minded, chivabous, honorable man, that censure, Ohio give tbat as a reason to visit with condign pun- The second resolution, that the contract made by qolet, but firm. WBAixBoaa firm.calmly and deliberately visited. Is tbe most grievous ishmentthePresidentandtheSecretaryoftheNavyT theSecretaryoftheNavy,inSeptember,18i8,withpunishment that could be Inflicted. Why, sir, taking Could he put that forward as a charge, forgetting his W. C. N. Swirr, for the delivery of live M>&k Umber, LOKDOa MARKXTg.the gentlemen from Pennsylvania and Ohio, 1 would pointed Public Printer, on the taiih of his promise that improper and injurious to the public service, wasnot be surprised to see them follow up their doctrine he would give one-half of his profits for the benefit of adopted by Yeas 119, Nays 60.of coal agent to the Government, consin. Wasbbame of lUinois, Webster, Wells, Wilson, stock in port, 235,<XW bales noticing tbe fact that the agents, at the time of TVindom, Boirc, 94f. ; do., B«, STf.New-OrBsas aw erdi- 1same officeLook at tyour military system and you will find in Woodiaff-128.^.the list of punishments enumerated and deyribed the Japan Expedition, made in two years $J0,0O0. It The first resolntion, condemnatory of both the BasAPBTPFTs firm and quiet. Asan doll for boththe itepubllcan ? Would be dare to do so in the YiAg—Adams of Massachusetts, Adams of Kentucky,Patty Aldilcb, Alley, Anderson of Kentucky, Ashley. Bab- psKTisx steady at 3Js. 6d. Tallow dnll at Ka. Cur-and demand that the Sergeant-at-Arms be orderedto arrest tbe President of the United States inhis apartments, and bring bim to the bar ofttiis Hoase, that the House might publiciy to divide the profits of his office with them ? But, lingame, Bntterfield, Campbell, Carey, Carter, Case. dull: Boston, £10; New-York, £10 7s.*d. Ltaioafeceof tbe factthatFoan, the present Public Printer bitt, Heale, Biiigbun, Biafr ot Pennsylvania, Bl&ke, Ri advance. Lnaais CazBa of the House, had guaranteed with the party Boteler, Brabson, Brayton, Bi-istow, Boflinton, Bur- firm, with slightaaiyof course, all tbis goes for nothing because it hap- pens to tell against the gentleman frpm Ohio and bis friends. Fo&n was one of the brethren ; he tielongedOn.—Selleis at 28s. 3d.i Sperm, £»@£ai 10b, Rms quiet.administer reproof to him. Why, Sfr, tbe gentle-man from Pennsylvania asserts that the Prasident ofthe United Slates has 00 more protection than tbe hum-blest in tbe land, and according to bis doctrine you to the party of the gentleman from Ohio and his Frank, French, Gilmer. Goocb. ?rabam, GroT, Gor- WAKimLS ,Nasb & Co., report Fiooa dnll aad;bebronghtagainstIhepartv. But,saysthegentle-quieteivirySraaea * Bxar dull and geDsrally ahahered.member from New Yoik (Mr. in Hassui) givingBieLian, and others, Pobk andRicBAjmaaa,Co.,so a matter as a importantCensure of theBurnett, Cloptoa, Cobb, Cox. Craig of Missouri, CraigOf north Crawford. Oim- Carellna, Carry, Dejamette,mick, Edmondson, English. Florence, Fouke. Gartrell. Bsmiltea, Harris of Virginia, Hindman. Holman Hous- ton, Howard of ubio. Hughes, Jackson, Jenkins, Jo£e§,LtVKBFOOL PBODUCE MAUCIT.saideveryMr.That the distribu-:Speaker,:sfruetive of in discipline, corruptingAlfEBICAN STOCKS.BAaiao BaoTHXas report a limited buslBess, at prev-voteand not allow itself to be ledHeIf you have a right to do tbis, where will it from Ohio witlt having purpously got himself appoint- Keitt. landrum. Larrabee, Leake. Logan, Love, ciiBON Basztimony givenbefore a committee of apastses.'^lon?away by party feelings.chargedthegentlemanRici oull Baltimore,Carolina. 22s. td. Qcxa- 34s. 9d. Fish Oils dow ofIf aend ? you have right to go back to the lasted Theto Committee oiH^aval Expenditures, ostensi- Maclay, Martin of Ohio, McQueen, McRay, Millsnn, sale, but prices unchanged Sperm,;session to establish this case, why not go furtiier—back ?— go back to the Congress before that aye, andthe oldest archives of the and back land, goSmith of Stellworth, Stewart of Marvland, Stout. Thomas. Un-view to direct the whole proceeding. Mr. Bocock bad Scort, Sickles,Sicgleton,Virginia, Rosm steadyCommon,Clark of New-lork, CoUaz, Covode. Curtis, Davis of Maryland, Davis of Indiana, Dawee, Delano, Duell, Dunn, Bdgerton. Famsirorth. Fenton, Ferry, Faster,LiTiapooL BUADSTtrrrs kaskzt.33s.e3$a.«d. The vreaHier has iato an explanation of the circumstances attendihg Lee, LongDCcker, Loomia. Lovejoy, Mallory, Marston, been favorable for eropa. RioHiaaaai, SataB * Co.liDger,Leach ofMichigan.Leach of KortbUaioliBa,33s. fid.asts.; White,Simms.derwood, Vallandiirham, Whiteley, Wright—so.The third resolutien was readtion by the Secretary of the Navy of She pafroaage of the Na\7 Yards among memtiera of Congress is de-rebuke and condemnation. Pennsylvania fivesObjected to from the Republican side. Pennsylvania Bonds, '77 Mr. STAHToir, of Ohio, (Rep.,) wanted to amend the Maryland, !s. BondsTennessee sixes. Bonds Tirgiiiia sixes, 1886 Vuglnia fives, 1888M.4$againstMontrealCityof this House, was adopted Thisvotewassimilartothatonthssecondresolatioa,Itewart of Erie Railroad sevens, 3d Mortiaga lory, Riggs, Spaulding, Stevens, Feansylva-Wewhole investigation is conducted with the utmost nia. Train aad Wade, who bad voted in the aSrmatlve, Erie Railroad sevens, Convermd**..followingexeeptioosMessrs. Boteler. Brittow, Grow, Hardcmaa. Hill, Mal-ErieRailroad 3d sevens,18 • 18H Bonds...100 4MI of defence. The previous investigation was closed changed ttrthe negative, and Mr. Ely's vote was added Panama Railroad, 2d mortgage Bonds 98 •188to theaccused full andmeansdid not now vote.Adams of Massachusetts, sndErie Railroad Shares PanamaRailroad,1stMortgageampleClarksecond resoluslDn, now voted in the negative : Sarr. Jtbn CecDrane, (^mett, Martia of Virginia, Moore ofof New-Yerk, deavored to get a vote from a house with a Demo- The following gentlemen, who did not vote oa tbemarket closed dull and anaUerad. Breadstuffs qaiet. Provisions dulLLoKPOX, Saturday Evening. Consols closed at 94 Jie95 for money and aooont.—Dkath or Tbk Y'illow Fever at AcapclcoTH»AaxKicABConsoL.—Weleara'fromMr.of the San Francisco Resolvea, That the appointment by Secretary ToDCET SOth:The:This last resoltittou is as follows Coaar,the Beard of Engineers to report upon proposals for New-York, that a vfrolant type of yellow foverMABTin at the time being pecuniarily interested in someof said proposal, is hereby censurei by the Hoase. upwards of SCO deaths had occurred within six weeksamongshore.Theproduced no sensible improvement, A Gir.i. TiiPTO A Cow's Tail asd Dbaascd t»slave belonging to Mr. Elgi".ed in the death of a little girl seven Tears oM, The '^f ^"*'' parties to tbe sad occaitence were WM-Saaoba ladby i well which U about ten feet from Uie end of|,,steamship Ana, froaiMav-roA, arrived at Liverpool on the 3d.It is confirmed that GerAeUi kod tnunt PtUrmaFriday at 94!(«$5 for aaoaey,Rails and Bars, £3 Ss.e£$ lOs.; Scotch Pig doll at 53s. ScoAE heavy and deolined ti.' Tba fitaur ; Common Congou, ls.SKd.aia SXd* SranaTea-getfetKlty 3d. Coan decline; TeUow,quiet pticca-Tlie Broken' Corris dull.;reportAsbss dull.4s. 5d.@4s. 6d.: 9d.^6s. SpiaiTs TtapsrrTisx dull aadMedium, 4a.ceecea a short distance in thisgfrl, the latter stumbled and fell, which so fn«''t«n«d tbe ccw that she rale, diaggtngnotmischievous conduct.-itews IX. Y.XOHItSentt-andcairlai.,.•!••14' • U tT • 18 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 