 1It U reported by the DoOglas enginers that the dele- gates a! -esdy elected to Charleston (fourteen States) a r e t h u s d i v i d e d : —Fcr Stephen A. DouglasFor JeftVr&on Davis1or An irew Jobnaor-. TetnFor James <iiilhrie, KyFor Howell Cobb. a' OaFor Gen Jtacph Lane, OregonontheTwpfmdingCrisis,l y w U l WMfct*4C*am Deaatateto. w^amannf, Tea. St, I860.thamembersoftbeLegislature,passnslave code,sad enforce Its obferraroe to tbe sprtog of 1965 they r« tofned to Kara**, wbsre they were jmnei by the wiresand children of the young men; the oW man aided then in buildmg booses, prepnr.sg ground for crops, sad put ting ont a valuable nursery; soon after this the two younger sons arrived from Southern niioous, with aandoneofthemostembarrassmgtotheinexperienceibut goodnatnred Speaker, wasupon amotionofMr.Mi'e*. of Sooth Carolina, to eofrrse the order o'tbe Hvn"concerning th e mcmV'V sesta. Tired of louagicj mtheir scrsa (the a s * arratg* ueni). it # r ; discovered mSlcb'iay morning that SMS-.: t*rntv live or toirty of tL -repawned chairs and writing desks hai been mysseriowly lesto-ed. after a very noi«y scene of an hour or s>,Mr Miles carried bis point of brlug.eg the Q.iueo to a>- r*ra tleirdowKsHc petee » d t-«n>;ii'ltt-—obiectt for wnlciToMa.—-,Ctaaxor—-Maaarr—The particular*we.e sotreoaive1atChihaahu*whentbe gorercmeDt rent off an express for th e arms. 1 preatme Imerirsn cUisens were Bratto suffer, ss thiy were regret that he bad bten into Mtosonri andspecialcommitteeappointedtoeinsidertbematter,andwarmiy recomxeLied to tbe MN.ratity of the country. accepted ceB^iticntlly by Col Lefferte. If tbe Seventhww fifteen thousand inhabitant", it being oneoftherwhest aniatog re-gams o f the State. killing o f Cruise. Brown replied that he was stopping a tTbe Secretary of War has instructed the coanmandan a bouie ex. l i e little Osage when the men went down toadopttcn. Or, If there should not be time for tbe full •'.:=cushion which this bus'ii'» will unq'ies'ionably elicit, taplatform presented by die oommiUee will bt> adopted iueaucw, and issued to tbe eonntry SP th e manifesto of th*representatives of the democratic party, North and (south, in tbe Srcate.lion in ii«e States sgainft tbe will ©' tho people. It>wUlof Post B*m, ll>at at the request or the civil authorities ofB PWK> United States troops may be paced there for theprstrctt^o of American citizens and their property. It isHunkerBin.Mr. Toojgsf,(desj )of Oa ,wantei!t''»-na*r h:?antho|rity.Mr. CI^RK could hot tell where be hadrse^n itfire was discovered two men, named James K;r.-aad Jjii.es SmifU^wrm asleep in bed in the room, and had it not o»cL tor tse aid ot officer.- Price an 1Underbill, of ttie t«Mti precise*., Uaey t o doubt woull have suftocatol. TUe lire originated, it is oaVt. through taccwrnaooon— of tbe men Before tbe flames were- extu>p-5>hed part of tbe roof oi ihe buildiag was buroeiorl acd otherwise d mfore aLd Col. leflerta will telegraph Col. Buuerfleld sc- rcrdirgly The prompt and spirited manner In whisb tho ci-ccrt of the Twelfth has been undertaken, with tho ial! of one cf their companies this evening, their para to to morrow, ane* the fact that they have had muskets only some ten or twelve dtys, meets warm commendation on all sice*, acd wul gain them boats or friends. It augurs wei: for their tuecess, and they may confidently hope axsrebabt tt.it tbeCongresso*Chihuahuaand the ein toldhimtogohomeandprepare andI would comefor sstfew u*scf that State may go to E Paso, on the Bio him. 1did so, and bare brought eleven human beiogsHi. TooMtss said he m'ght have seeii/t contra: ctet It bad been cqetradtltam in Mew Stiglxdl aad Ne * York; h-it that seems to be tbe roliry of his|»irtvUricie cpnoiri'j? fort Bltos. The invaders of that Stateout of tendsge without firing a gun or snappiag a cap.Mr i i ABK denied that b* bad ever seoo tbe contrpdto tion. He conl»l v-ofteU where he saw tho remargaat«" com' f*.rn Hurisga, and by tome arc represented He waa then told that another company went to another as robwrs, and by others as supporters of Mirajnon's pace and brought away tour, ai.d in doing so had killedMr. rooxiis—Yoa tnighi have seen it in the N<- • Vo k *Bed tn the extent of abont fiOV It is owned by Mrs feme fttcre Jay to equal tbe gallant Seventh. ColonelgovernmentTBI SXW TOSJt FVaUl 3T3IEE COimUCTB.A number of petit'una will be presented to morrow in Ow Doose. by members from New York, for an inveati-pie bakery and dweiung. The damage done ty the furni- ture will be about about $100. No ::_3jranceracee She did not recognise tli" doctnoe of v.|uatterMieeour; tbe poor people of Kansas hare sufTi.Td enough; his doctrine of squatter sovercirnty as the act of bis re- sovereignly. Congress repealed the doctrin.- of (r<:<y ter of W,l)iatn Fitzpatrick. No. 1.047 Broadw.iy It origlaw*>o of tbe p'tbUc store eon tract, with the view o f agsaiucontractrtvoked.b n v -moval frrm tbe chair of the Qommtttec on Territories. Wuhavereasontobelievethatthop'atTormofthiscamniltee of fivo will be: —First—Tbe declaration that the Territories are tb-: com-mon property of each and all the rilates of tbe Union, andritory for ELxty years: yet it is no* claimed that the icon- EtitutioncarriesslaveryintotheTerritor-.esaiiprotects it (m the aco'iisitton of Southern Territories, Slavery w as adnttttod by special proviso, on th-; Fuppesit-VE tba*. the constitution wouui exclude it 0|iie-- wise,exceptinafoaw^es.tUorewa noproviso^bitnatec from a stove pipe and before tbe ilanaes were extin-gtutbuadamagetoibeextento!about$30<\wasdineby attieMerchants'Exchange ThetermsoftbesalewereSSMToaW PSASfS 15!: BtGLKR AXD TUX rtUNTOSSl.V. Intetv^rntw recrived here to day from Maryland states that SVsater 1'earce will be re elected to tbe Senile wiiboatA TLMTIT AprorvrvKNT.—Mr Postmaster Fowler has appointed a son e f W. S . T uers, the Custom House night watchman,whowasmurderciaoraystenrustyinStateof the democrats ha ponuon In regard to the Charleston •omtnation, s«i bis 'etermination to adhere to the dem» crane party Tha information to received by b a fellow seaao'ratKSenatorswithgreatcordiality.ftraator r>tler leaves here to a day or two to a'.tenl tbe Drawcrati: ConvenUon at Baaiiag, Pennsylraau, which •fto u>elect delegates to the Charleston Convention. It baudthedelegationwillbeaadDouglas,andthat&gUr wiliase htoefforts to that sad.H U I i t l rOCST KJiRTHL.Sy ardor of the aacrstary of War, assort martial wiltaamble at Carliaie Barracks on the 25th ia&Unt, or as a s a t b e r e a d i e r a s p r a c t i c a b l e f o r t h e t r i a l o f l i e u t e n a n t haah Moore, rad such persons as mty he brought beforeThe court to oonapsaed of the foitowm,; offijers — ei Chaadier, Major Books, Captaias Wbitall, Juli, Pa'3*cr, Jones, Gibson aad Chtz, Lientenante Hastings,H>att before them, but b e sent a letter declniog. Tbie will be considered a case of contempt, and will bring E\ alt before the Senate.Oar Washington Correspondence, Wasiirwrro:*, Feb. 16,1830.c<ased, it is rumored, itlt a la:ge iVmiy in dest.ute cir- cumstances.RawovAi or Anns.—During the week eodin? last Saturday,inspiteoftheseverityoftheweather,8,796loadsofashes and garbage were removed from the various wards, at an expense of $2,371 2 £ .Brooklyn City News. EKOOKITOCOMKO.HCorMIL—MOKEAwnTTHSFs.tais-— At a meeting of the Common Council last night AldermanKalbfleiscL offered the following preamble and resolutions in relation to the ferriage charged in crossing the Lis1 river —W b e r e a s . t b e l e a s e e s e f t h e f e r r i e s b e t w e e n N e w Y o r k a n t the k»*erit -iietuct rWi.naK>biirgi of thiscity are allowed, by act of the Letinlaiure, tochargo four cent* for each to it p».- sender: a*d whereat, for tbe last "orty years tbe LagtaHture baa reatricied the ferriage to the Western district to two ceuia; and whereat, a bOl baa pasted the Senate of this State l:, forbid the chargirr cf more than one ct-nton acid ferries: act where •».rer*iun Partem dtotrict ferrv leasees have recently tnere*« ed their rate* from one aad two cent* to ihree easts, therwby j nelly and deeply awakening diaaoateat on the partof tbe inha- bitants of mid Santera dtohvot; therefore.Beeolreo.1hattotheopisiooofthiaCommonCouncilthe timeta*arrived when theIncreasingDOpulaikroofbohsec Unn of tbts city has renCerM one cent a sndleiriu remanera tions to terry easess for transporting passenger* aereas thercnt. Tr.o fi.; v.c^ pretest was received and read, from ;P W Cliff yer, t, tiurtee oTthc owners or the steam ibifS —NiwYOBK,Feb,30,I860. M>HMI.«.M O. RosaXT",Es^..—IlBAi:. SIR—I am informed that you bave resalvsi on a rtremiiory sala of tho steamsLips HUaow. Star of the West. Empire City, Moees Taylor a»»d Plidadelpbla to-day. As one of the trustees of the owners of said ships. 1mutt protestsgauiftthesaletoday,forthereasons Thattoo fa'e is advertised and maae without my concurrence aa etc c' tt< trustee*—Edward N.Ilickerson, who profeaaea to act as one or the Lmeteft in muting such, be.ag fumetu* Mjttto, and bavin been anperseded hi hto oflice by my- self,underthesfpototinentofCol.Stoo Attn,fortbe rcaron that ruflicJtnt notice of the sale has not been given t<> i n j u r e e o r e p e t i t i o n . A l s o , t h a t t h e s h i p s s h o u l d b e s o l d on retscntble credit. Also, that some of them are not in port, and tbe aale aben'd not take place until ater they have been in port a realisable time for the inspection of persccs proposing to pnrcbate. Also, bacaase a detail.; 1 friatemciit of the conditam of aa.J ships, their apparel, tack I" a:. : furtiiture, is not given in tbe notice of aale.Voar oh't aerv't, R W . CHEEVER. The bidding was carried on between two or three tadividua-eandthesteamerswereCna'lykno^ke1downat the tELexcd prices:—Chaabias and Viiieetga*.adsasata. eaoAjiwATiraorTHEamisueAJcxMmnawno.vALMstrnw.TheitonabhtanCoegiaatormalEatonivoCommittsemet to-ssjbi aa i organised b y sVsetiag Ssantor IClng chair- •an, Ri pneeutattre Co rode T.-easarer, aad George H»r- nHtoaSicretary.OKTUTOK m DotuaairwTht Dtawcrattc iiatioaal Exsentive Coaunittae are sead-l'» 3—«">iUentaasat Gardner, Judgetogoat abuge somber of petitteal decumexu, wails thatastrei SXecanve Iommittee of the Cosatitatwaal Union to tbe President. Tbe BBUID was the first to give ex-lire Miles Taylor, of Ijoujiana, baring in a public cir-cular, niade an eariitst appeal to the democracy of thatState It favor of Mr. Douglas as the oaly available mank r Charterer, tbe Hon Ttioioas Green Davidson, auoherdemacratie -aember o f t h e Hoace from Lotttoiaaa, h a scom* o»-; with i -aid to tos constitaeBt», to which he un-dertakes to prove the "utter unavailability of Mr. Dou-glas." thus says On. Davidson:—" 1 may state that otthe thirty ?eveu United States democratic Senators (be-tidtsMr Douglas), Mr. Pugh, of Ohio, is the only mtnwho baa avowed a preference for him, a desire for his ed ail bate means. He was always watchful s* his post nomtpatioii.whiletbeotherthirtyaixareopposedtohto ttdfaithfultohtoconstituoaU,evenattheh.i/.irdofhisdelayacepvattheforegoing,dulyoiteolcdtoeachandevery niemh* r ot t i e Senate and Hoote of Attimbly repreoeutiug these ec uc tie* in the lasjalature.Empire Cttyli to said that Mr. Cheevtr h a s purchased th e llhaoiemrtji SAT« commenced the Presidential canvass by an ex- weave sahribattoa of cantos of an addraaj to the peopte •f the tried Statea.xas vtastaiax DKXOOUTH STATX oovm sm ox.Tbi jWifcehed reports in the Bicfamond press of the can- stonen of the proceedings of the recent Democratic State Csatfition held there, any that the substitute rataluiion•vcartsgMwxnawtoat to sxpresa anraferaaeetoranyPrttideauai caodidate was defeated: aad ths papsrs ofthatiatyosastrwsthtoasea^valswt to a dwlaratton tofsvor of B^o Bear; A. Wise far ths Prtaideocy, at the«*>aal rtaatutan to this c&jet was peaamg when ths !v the 0»her day to attend a woddiog to rVonsyrvaaia.acd Metes Taylor for a Beaton company It is the inten tion of the Dowa Etsters to run them as a line between Beet on and New Orteaas, I ouch IT g at Havanataavontiea adjosxaod.r w caxscs or UUBU rsaarronT.*»dg^ 4m*y, of Kaasaf has reestoed from Hoa. J. W Secretary of State aadar the Wyandot CaaawhkfaweetotbeeffectthatintheoBtotonofthisCommon o'clocktbefuneralpreeesstoaenteredttCouncil the election of an Assistant Engineer a not a propersubjectforaMayor'sveto;therefore, thatDavid8. tolV.wieggentiesnenactios*apailheatma:—ia»n••u n,the oceans taken M at spring, as nleihttheoftheBatrattryofthaTarrisorywhichsham Utocuriouetoanolditaeitoclikemyselftooomparothepreamble and resolution, reciting the rights ami privileges of ciito-rs of the. several States under the coast:tuiiou, as follows:—whsr'ss, satttoalkced byrespoastble pant** taaiffiastw ct some at t«e Maw* r tot tato other toateao* boatoees, sosh *stheenltettoa o'debts, tevtoag end erher ma lawful busi rata have been pemrnaBy treated waa ntdlgnhv »«d rtotenee anddrt««a from fai/araperty mresrUte aentioMnf*thevKgtUy elected Assistant engineer ef th* ctty of Brook'J n James B. Murray, Dr. John D'Arey. Was. B. Croaby, Jo-Alter considerable dvcasston the resolution was B****^ seph Beerr. The body, so tt eattrod tha charch, was,by a vote of U syvs to 2 aays—thus °**rTM!8*b, , according to the order st the Fasirnps' service, m at b ynarou that tttas 7w,IWswaM to f n e i iIt leaves war*aisle, staosaoe by the otorgyoiea betow aamed.—RJV D r . noag torn Bight m Clgttby.Bcv. Dr Taytor,Bar. 1>. McVickar, Rev. Or- Tin-seTvatioos o f sites aad repairs, h e , $30,000, ,00$.isn aiBOK's rsaar nrvasTKUTKHi.lbs extTntoatioii of Arjgnstns Wattles Iseoncludel beforeamong tile officiate likely to b e interested in tb a toaniry, mitiee to b e present sad participate a Mr. HAH::X. (rep.) of Me.. thought the sum ten thou- sad a good deal or nervousness, ot well os aiuy bluster. toetosngnratiooofMiito'atatoeofWL_hto veto of the otherwise intractable son of John Q<nt••> ^Ferry€«mrittw. BrownRaid(omtrrteiee.HisteetimoaytonabAdnata.^^o^^^^e^**^^,!as follows —John Brown sad hto two oldest sons to Kansas to the fall of ISM; they took claims andTbe Senate bill for the abolition of tbe franking prlvi lege,to being interred to the House to a select coaunittse, moved by an enemy of the measure, ban, we fear, beenMr. HALT, (rep) of N H., asked for the yeas and nays. The resolution was famed.announcement to he a complete fnhrtcatton; but to con as Chairmar and Quartermaster Locke Wvice all enbeliesera of the aarrsraaom of oar statementVIATM txCtX IV 'XHOGBBWS.aidbole4Kto-daythantopaythea=>uattri- valuabledroveofWoodedcattlebelongingtoJ«baBrown,t o n t h a t t b e S e v e n t h s h o u l d h e p r e s e n t a n d p a r t i c i p a t e i n tbe imposing ceraavntot; that they would ba ttaof the occasion, and their pretenceaaticipote some splendid pickings thtosestooo, and tbli.-to legion; but they will be daappouitod There stttrm&ttc attacksthereon, with a view to tta o*enar>w: aad ventilate these matters that tbe City Inspectorto about to ticn to defray any outlay that tta ratomant mightnan thatanaltacksareinmartfeatviolationof tbe mutual andm< issue tbe circular above published. make, they weald at once perceive that to would publican Hens, and tbe democratic leases will act as lemnpledgetoprotectaaddefendeachother,givenbyIke have to be borne bythsregimentta tta trsai efbete ef wwyet to a deceased n«Bk<r.Jr.,andtwostallionsofth«MorganstocsbelongingtoJtaon5 Keeolved, Tba< nrsro sta^erv. as it exists in fifteen RttoeifibisUaicn,roo»M*esanlauoiUntporticLofuteirdomeeti-'lrrim)--w» tnhe-Ued fWm tieir aneeston, atd «>i«un« al th •td'-%lionoftheceittiM>«i"f!.bywfciciii:l».recocn—da-*c>nati'ot:rg s c iirpo-tant fi'ement of ar nortio- ni«ci of p ive.'stmoretbeStales:acdthatrocba,ni!<»c*PoioiTir.rf*»r»n!««ntbe pO>'. ••! th» r on eUsahoidlng States of th". L»:• n in re'aoou thorites. It to alleged atoo that numerous fran-is hwr volved a large expenditure of money, end th s toot that tithisiratituticr car,joatify them ortheircitizensinopenand been perpetrated wiihimpunity:andittowitha view to tbe Congressional Committee had made no appropsto-isgaBti MK w utAWitnuTWij* r»» m m m i <w J**vwn tbe old man told Watties that be eases to Kansas toail hto sons to making a permanent h#me, bnthe expectedIhe*** Control tie* of A rrattjeinserts, and the tr*j-etnrn to bis family at North Elba, New York; be had noDAMEi,£DKLAVAN,Cttylas.ector everymanpresentfettadeepappreciationofthehonorj-fvnernfrj»,are hawy motetee the nwceaatry prepa-toffention of nghung only to defend his righto; In the fallfar the ranuguratioB of the Washington statne. oflSSe be and bis sons were driven ont of Kansas by the 11* great rejotetng over the asawamceatent that ths IM latted States dragoons: in their journey from Oesawato-Foil Scott to liberate Btn Hjce. It chanced that a poor colored man came along, looking for some one to help bim get hto wife and children out of slavery in Missouri. 1mav, iu bi? own Worus, ca!! the roll of hie slaves on room in bu'ldtrg No SI Yandam sireit. At the tim the made up on treCneaday evening at Washington. or beayheartbleedsforthem:Inowse<>ittoberaydutytb draw the scene of the excitement to some oth^r part of the country; ycu may never see m e az&iii. Farewell— t»cd bias you " and he departed. ,Ere and water.c» b . it beic^ required that ten per cent should be pai 1 at iln < flice of the auctioneers before three o clock, and t o e l-tltnce when tbe bills of sale are delivered and registeredyrt seioc to the scatlt-ility of thu nation on this outrage. All honor to you, therefore.A blight day has thai been for the Cabinet re Cations, end. the week which will hate oloe-d a tun this tetter reaches tbe eyes of your reader* wjl bo oetc4 as peculiarly agreeable in our metropchtan setiety- aocttl enjoyments of hi!'* and private parties tnnxmertblc (betides the dinners of the British dmhartadfir aad the Cpngreaainaal dinners of tbePraMeniVonbxuaattogtathegoadfeftiltoytheSecre- tary cf the Interior, where the ladies of the ataesian are thee* matchless sweet blooded woman of tha South.Htr it*r^a»« •P'SwBct oa Saturday, UMrefbre, will be waaUwgvMacame S3i Jell aad Mae. Gwto throw open their m a n slots on every Saturday wish a saaoptueas hasotoahty, as gra<*wtaatttoowerflowtog,andtherethevisiters,re- veTotog the ptacitoe of Charles Iamb, are aaxious to go ear y an! stay late."Iu tbe debate which ensue 1, Alderman KalbUetoch r e marked that be bad bear i that an offer bad been male to the Union Ferry Company of $60.orC per annum for theThe Philadelphia Is now at Kew Orleans, baring beenall regret the absence of Mite lane, who ftew off quiet-en the Senates bill to abeltoh the franking nrirtidge :— The ASsistint Kigineerahip of the Fire Department was family arc all F^irsoonartoas. and they bad the fa Messrs V^tondifbam, Kellogg (IU.), Burnet:, A l i a u spain brought u p o n s resolution, b y AldermaaCashaw, vices conducted at their own chorea. Shortlyiweaaat of Waabtogton ••stoty with the Best lreaamberatotter ef Daatsl Weeater, written during the amtwo of IBIS,anaest any years ago, whereto ha complains of "the aa-vary :sg masculinity" cf ear circles here. No tt»eb ground the aherceiive of the Dominttion of Mr. Daugtos, and the ot ccv ptotot can be made new a daya On thuconirarT,Mayor's reto of the eoaarmatioo of Mr. Stmatou «> two third rate.thoawtotottsgtilrgynma Thesisjtstootimoved np tha'**r»toloity" decidedly prodomiaateo; at toast it did a t the twenty or thirty uoepttani whtob 1 had t h e ptoasuroabrupt ^toiwhiliim cf tin democrativ p»r^ asforanvoibrr r>»eli. We knew, h o , a ltr*e proporttoe of the a.aj have Wkl aad wltkoitt aBata*toa ef crime: and wbvrawi bar iiimt. sad had the foundatisn of bar faeraat sneeeat Rev. Dr. OgMby, •tot eaaaml tba sorvtoe by readtog. " Imeay. TieOweiftoeW^t-OWiamiJEaaV</ Qm&m-ALucia to considered at amongthe veterans of the -batwom.rtto alwaysartist as latti. W s os tost night tbaWimnsorofi, Feb. 18,1SS0. •* the »w»*mtt—TEe atoesmam <f Iks SkcntoMr. Levator demanded a vote oa tho passage of the re-Ohtocttoas ..Mr. HouBTOs,(sem)efaJto., mcved fcr s sail o f th e BQVnWathrreterc, not turprtoed toInllktely iUod with a fa-btoaahto aad eathwttaettopertect mooter, the soto, " 1 kaew tht^y^to '"*^ the tervtots were over the body •^••"JStnwtswb amisj fttiW atotonsn ntoem Jtomts ScTheiaaaaho got theproeeatcf aa etepoea? wa*not •ore ttenhtod what to do wah Urn than are the reoueli » • of the Bens- rernrrred what to do with, or ho wtor Job of thea chip of taeoM sleek of Qoto- '. to what they caH obatiaacy.eoald have etoetul * M * oae of the last three baitom, hatha Bebebevedh toeolrod a corrtspt hargainforihewillnoibeanmtytooo^nxtoarabAe BBBBst w f U l faaiawfj BBawBh Btoswto *i»awawai[ cry over any snch jibbing with these pruningiUwooto be realtyoatotoper to tot the*wood acdeencaittd in the fannlv vaatt-ajprn Matt Bsaa., 1TTe.TM" ""ai.aii*THE NEWYORK HERALDWHOLE N O . 8568,fSWB FBOm WASHBTOTOH.irrangemoatefcrthe Reception of the ievwith lieriment.rtrttotijBeforethf Har-MORNING EDITION-TUESDA Y , FEBRUARY 2 1 , 1 8 6 0 , improvements at>ortMonroe,$11,600. Fort e»5h!*m, candidateOeelected,andthen,inaretrenchmentbil!,cr.; theCommute*onPostOfficessadPostRoadsinquireintoPRICE TWO- CENTS.Visit of tine$T60«S; prer^rvation of the site of Fort Macon. N. C , htm off at tbe knees, than to do anything else. Sacb .< the expediency of a revision o.' tbe postal law,. Pitas t.flOJX*-, repair 0 r Fart Monarte, t5,»TO; Fort Church, •89,0*0-, Fort Taylor, STO.OCO: Fort Jefferson, • « , « • ; **Bt McKee,ftO.OgO- at fort Poist, aSO.OOO, aad at A!the cptoton o f the more discreet members of the repubi. can party, bat there are others who think that tboee printing epetls are a mine of wealth for campaign pur-ran ctarccnaTiaw or raa wasawovoa sraTca.A jotot reeolation was received from the House, appro priatfeg ten thousand dollars for the inauguration of theThs National Card fteretah mecttogye«erdayBaarntog,at atos sicn Armory corner ef White and Hotcatrea, CaWomJa. ttb.tm contiafwt exLIS— of forti- poses which ought not to be given up on any termsstatue of Washington.On motion of Mr. ILaaaoxr, (dem.) of S. C , it was mentor the various markets, has created quite a breeze rate on the invitation extended by thsIn any event, we expect o a Mondav morning that Defrets will go sawn, and that u* republicans succee i upona new oandidate It will repairs the sacrifice of the ooo'iagoat spoils interest of the party, and seme trimming sad sand dol-ais small enough. Itwas the intention of the are exhibited. Some ofthe quaky politicians, who tee of Washington, on Wednesday, tbe a t tomprosing of the profits, to order to secure Use todtopeow*CoBButtee to entertain the troops while here, it they the deadly guillotine in the distanoe. have even earned hundred aw«hers wore pineal Tbe • came.Mr.Pienwithdrewbisamerdment theirincredulityorstubbornnesssofarastoproclaimthenisedbytbetmanlmontelectionofOol._rax BULBS or OROXK OCKTREATYWITHMEXICO.commencedrmproremanta;theyspentUtefollowingwin-coastgsedtothetomboftheCaputats.ThistotheopinkiaTheresolutionfromtheHouseforajointcommitteeontablecirculartobeaddressedbytheGtyjaosaotortothTbechairmanthenproceededtoreadatotogiaahkidee-^wh of Mr. Clark, of H«w H&mpsAire, Siste: they here learned the plans of the pro slavery par- ty to go into Kansas to the ensuing spring and vote, electblybarenoreportuponthishillthissidethePresidect'u' Mr.Davisresolutionsweretakennp.Theyareasfol referredto—rane,M.C.,whointhemosturgenttermshope that the regiment would accept tba .that quarters had already been provided for them. Aelection.One of tbe sotoiest interludes we have had in Into House,tow*'-—Crrr lasercroa's Borasraawt,) Maw Toaa. Feb. 18, tebU ,UOL upon thatmbject, tbo resu't of which will be the res toratiuaofthearmc'.mrsaadwritingdr*»8. Indeel, u I-X nre indispensable to the members, oasidonug t%< frankirp»adletterwritingrequiredottnemforthePrea Centiai campaign.From ih«^ one hundred u d twenty bills introduced iatbeHouse»h'sSretk.inc!idtrpthemagnificentjo^cttbiPacific Railroad, in a ver«cty of shapes, the lobby nisntbe ccnttitntion was formed-and. bv nr^wsary soMequenjoe or!vettow*aienanddestroytbeUnionPorlfI retire the atatemer.t of the above feelsto be fullv eomrifledwnbintendaysinorderthatibesamemavberegis tbenationandonrStaleaadctty.tend In the book* of the Bureau of Marbett. fours he , Colcr. 11 Firxms. to a few remarks, stated that ba knew;of Sew York la cawitogv The Commit sac to Nebraska they stopped with Wattles for several " fcks upon each other. Retrenchment will be theruU; Males respectively onenterins into the omatitiluoaal eomoac UsaaR Wius—THAT BriLDiso, re Frxfox Brxxxr.—Our the acceptance of the very nanej»a* Arraagenients agree to pay all expenses axsepttan, and it la understood that ail the railroadexcept bet seen Now York aad Philadelphia,novoagreedtobringtheregimentalredutedrates. The•*•• Jtt\attention bss been called to the condition of the wall ofthe building No. 113 Pulton street, lately burnt out, whichappears liable to fan at any moment A portion of thea careful estimate rt was ttontdgys, while gathering up the little remnant of property they bed left and selling it; Brown retarned to Kansas to the summer of 1868 immediately after the Mendizine murders. when Hamilton end other Missonrians killed twervf free State men, and volunteered hto services toAdtsungnisbedpartyofladiesandgentlemen,orabout forty in number, including members of Congress of tw i or three different parties, dined with the President yestertopbeefallenrincetheare;some partsofthewooden signs are banging, as it were, by a single anil; the iron shutters are swinging loosely to th e wind; aad the stonethat anoften dollars per man would he swaaotoat, If tta several companies should dectde to the affirmative m tha matter, the regiment would leave tba city on Tseartoy alga*, travel all night, and reach Washington at about sevett o'clock on Wednesday morning: remain to Waahingtoathe Senate upon a ll outside lobby jobs, and retrench-ment will be the rule of the House upon all the estimates of the administration. Thus, we apprehend, the lobby at the end of the session will be left high and dry.which formed the TJnton. and are a tnamfeat breach of faith anda violation of themostsolemn obltgeaiena5. Resolved, Tkat the Union of these States rests on the cquadty of rights and privileges among its members, and that itis(specially the dutyof tee Senate, which representsthe Statesmtheirsovereigncapacity,torrsittallattemptstodit criminate,ettberinrelationtopersonerproperty,soas.Inthe Terrhoriet—which art the common potseatioo of the UnitedH—imur an tersuad thai there ami be tve hundredsankaadfile. dayafternoon.ThesociablefeatureoftheeveningWASWales—togiveadvantagestotbecitizenscfoneStatewhicharecolumns,whichsustainthewhole,appeartobeduringThursday,andreturnBOSStosrrtvetotatocttyenThe bead quarter* of the Osronth regiment will b e a t tt* Carted States Hotel. Three homered of the oorpe wffl•a* the Natiaoal, aad the r—aider at thatreatywill opfor dtoentMs to the Senate to-morrow Groat4. heaolved. That noBfcer Contrast nor a Territorial Iaawia- crumbling to pieces. There to a continual passage ptges on the trip. If the Bomber of members itonlillsgtit tvire, whether by direct leglalatiou or legislation of an indirect of people under this unsteady structure, and it go on tbe trip should be deemed too small, the regiment• thatadvanced by parties at the Is(erect of theSaturday may thus be followed by a Sunday like the win ter climate of Florida, w e submit to the one in anticipa tion of the other.6. Resolved. That the provision of tbe constitution for the rendition of fugitives from service or labor, " without tbe adoption of whi.li last*toon could not have been formed.' and the >awa of 1793 and 1860 which were enaeted to s-enre its el- ocution and tbe main features of which being siasdar. bear the hxpreso of nearly seventy years of sanction by tbe highest judicial authority, nave unquestionable ctaist to the respectNgotor government of Mexico, but with aa insurgent one. the ehrgy of the Mercloan sharch know that their fate.ia erased if the treaty to ratified, aad therefore their agents are aovug every thing against it.ont nutnoaa w m t rttuavxr,Tbe Paraguay Oomaitoeioiirr had aa interview with th e Banaaty of Stale o a Saturday, aad another to-day. with reference to the exchange at rmihcations of tbe Paraguaytraaty At aoon aa thia •attar to disposed of he will toformallyreceived by the rfatodant aa kBatoter from thatcountryTHB raOCBUR E» rHUTTABUA.Tbe following important letter was lecmted this morn-Mr. Wattles rephed, that so far a s h e could judge the Browns acted like other settlers in their efforts to make themselves homes, aad he did not believe that Captain Brown contemplated any invasion o f tbe stove States till after he was driven from Kansas, and then only as ameasure of defence to Kansas. B e h a d n o funds, a n d every men who approved hto doctrine went with h im , which was not Over half a dozen, from Kansas.Mr. Wattles presented totters from Brown, writ-ten tp 1167, 1S58 and iSW . These were read andTbe regiment having accepted the invitation of the f>mgrss- ticna! format!tee to be present at the iaaoavratkm of tea•teet him {Brown) at Tabor, lows, on very important tog by HUB John ? Pbelpa brought by overland express. business. He showed the letter to Mr. Phillips, andare beginning to move. Look at the Senatorial Democratic Cbncos Committee, appointed by Mr. Bright, Chairman, to arrange the Charleston platform on the squatter sovereignty qnestion —Mr. Green, of Missouri, Chairman on Territories; viceMr. Douglas, removed, because pronounced unsound onAnexhibitiondrilloflitecompanywilltakeplaceateight themenwillprovidethemselveswnhrationsforthepassage but to call attention to tbe modern history of s'avery agi o'clock beiore a large number of distinguished military to Wnskiriton.from a leading mercbaat a t 13 Paso, which w a a imme- diately laid beiore the President —EL PASO Jan SI. ia$0. Thrt morning I received another express from Chib.uahiked htm what the meeting was fart Phillips replied that be did not know, but he could not attend. No one men- tioned in tbe letter went to that meeting. He atoo had letters from Mrs. Hinton, of Wsahtoha, Wisconsin, Secre-ration. Since 1*50 wnat h a s been done- In 1852 th e democrats reserved that it should be kept out of Congress, but in lead that party commenced agitation, la IBM the same party resolved again that there should b e n o more Slavery agitation to Congress, but in 1867 they brought in tbe I.econoojxn constitution. A n d s o ihoy agittie, yearmen.W.'RBlStiTOS'S BntTBDAT AXP TUT. NlWSBOTn' lODOISBHOUSE.—An exhibition o f t b e pupils o f the Mount W ash' ington Institute will take place on Washington's Birthday, at tbe French Theatre, in Broadway, the proceeds to heQu»rierm»»ter Winchester will make the arrasgementa for traneportatiotiam, directed to myself s o d the Mexican Prefect SenorViierd: askis? me to furnish the mesas to bring two hoi tory of the Female aid Society of Kansas, and also fromtbe slavery question.Mr. Fitch, of Indiana, pledged against Douglas t> the after year, and resolve that they will not. In 1S30 slave devoted to tbe benefit of tbe Newsboys' Lodging House part four o'clock.by the New Jersey Railroad, root of Con•red stand of arms for account of the Governor of Cfci- bsshaa. giving me a ben oa the revenues of the State to mmbur* tbe amount Tbe Prefect, with mvsstf, hare Brerured the arms, sad they leave to-morrow for the city of Cbtbuehua with an esoort of one hundred men from ElPara) has been taken b y the insurgent thieves, after nmch slaughter and cruelty. The prtoons were smjti •" and tbe prisoner* with a captain ae« over them by the m- rwSfjFw,im|jw*a»a\.am,a.'•WtWTMJBHbwbnVr****•»^tpfci»*MMmmri U^>sm>Professor Edward Daniels, State Geologist of Wavnaato, furnishing him with funds and clothing for the poor people of Kansas who had been robbed aad driven from the Territory in the summer of 1866. H e had never re- ceived arms and ammunition from any quarter, nor s u p ' piled them to any one. The only allusion which Brown ever made to bis invasion of Virginia was when, he was J«avfrgKansasforthelasttime.Mr.Wattlesbeingsick, Brown called to see him, when Mr. Watties expressed hisend of the war.Mr Bigier, of Pennsylvania, the fast friend of th e a lry was timid. They did not say slavery should go into the Territories, but thai it was governed by climate and geography; b u t BOW slavery goes in spite of climate and everything eke. It has grown boiler, and s'eks to appopriate all tho Territory In theAs the- entertainmentto for such a charitable purpose it is to be pref nmed that the attendance will be numerous and the turn of money taken in large in proportion.Isndt street, accompanied by the foil band and drum corps. It to expected that shout five huadred members will join in the trip.wide as the continent. Mr.Cbestnat,ofSouttiCarolina,Southernlireeater Thiscommitteeoffivearetoreportth:!rplatformtothe democratic members of the Senate, in caucus aasoat-bVd: and, if al opted by tbe caucus,one of the munrieriquestion of Slavery be left to tb^ peoolti If theStcpichavethepoorer,wheredotiioygetit- Itisdenied 3«t Covigrfss b#s: tb> power , aad It ate» i s claim-id that tbeconstitutionhaspowertoprotectslavery Ifthislie true', -here do ibe people get tho power to overridetbe copstoir i...p ; Tbo resolution says tbey have the right to go tot" a Territory w;th tbeir slaves and be p-ut?tt«d.theNewYorkGeographicalSociety,wilhaviewtocontinuetie discoveries of the tamested Dr Kane, and to ascertainthe Northwest Passage, is rtgirded with favor by theTbe arrangemenu for tbe reception of the Seventh regt- mest upon its retain are, we believe, perfected. Col. Bufeilk'.J. of the Twelfth regiment, hastenderedthe terricesofhiscommandssanescort,whichhavebeentegu'ar meetirg of the society it will be thoroughly rfto- Ibcte**OBgmerebasuandbusinessmooorthatcity,of Uktu slaves, and especially condemned the willintroduceitintotheopenSenatefordiscussionand Tbedoetriruisa'aiajirg Nextshiverywillclaimprot^c curf-cd.Mr. Pros moved to strike out ten aad insert two.we have taken the trouble to procure a espy of the veri-to* In Mtosonri, mostiy at Went Point, on the border of the of tbe honest advocates of this reform. We sbaJ] probv joint rules ot the two Bouses was agreedto clerks of the respective markets This to the ilmiiimen patch, dated oa Friday last, from the Hon. John Coeh-ghardthefrontieragainstfurther inroads fromMtosonri. thereceptionoftheBecreteryoftheInterior,whichwas notequallysecuredtothoseofeveryotherState. Fridaymorning. TheywealdmakeBObile?msrlUiusoup-be raised a company, who all signed a n agreement withattiredinaplainsilkortoadreespatternofatbouaanldol-nor msteel any pereon to Kansas for their pohiica! optn- lars. But as of all things, on such occasions, the todies love th** constitutional right of any eiti/en of tbe L'rited States to a number of lives m iminent peril. The danger is consid-a jam, they d o not hesitate to proaouQCe this tbe most take ba alave niooeiti Into the common Territories; but ft it erably lessened by Its evident inclination to fall inwards ; ieas;thiscompanyremained upon theborder untilall charmingoneoftheseason. "Suchacrowdyoncouldnot tbedutyofthefederalgovernmenttheretoaffordforthataa butwepresumenoonewouldcaretohe near it attbebhnaetfnottogo"retoMtosou:iunder anycircumstances,ar.dunfrientiynature,poseetnettbepowertoannulorimoa'r couldscarcelyfallatanytimeefthedaywithoutputtingwouldnotgo:theymusthave asaaaatoatnumbertoup- bold tbe dignity of tbe regimentThecompaniesthenseparatedandtooka vote on tho matter, and after a short delay the meeting was catted a s order,andtberepresentativeofeachcompanygavetha result of the rote, with the following total retoIt —>9exposure aad hardship he aad tome of hto men were are being made by both parties, and nine are taken deem b y fever s a d ague, when WattlesIdeaofenjoymenttoanoldfogy, especiallywhentheold fogvto compelled to "wait till we get some supper."day night, in Boston, that two firemen lost their livesbyagain took them into hto house nntii they recovered; Capaatotheresult SBBMof therepublicanSsaa- Aatboayaad Sumner—hare sent circa to the merehuta m their ouaeatteeneies. aad movaryIsotonoohare reoeivod repliesfavorable,to of the treaty. The pitaatosl ground of ob-Mr.Maconhereinterrupted,andwantedtoknowwhat afcrgy,whoclaimthatittosotmadewiththe thatbadtodowithhtoInvasionofslaveStates?explained. One of them requested him to seeWilliam Phillips and others, and invito them to pirants for the h mors of the Charleston Convention Theyso crowded that it was all the same to th e ladies whetbe--danger bad psased away, a n d they then broke up; b y turn round, and coming and going all the time!" A queer for other speetot of propertv the needful protection: and if er time of tbe crash, even in snch a case. It was only Satur-prrfesceshould«tanvtimeprovethatthejudict.irydo»anot poaieta power to inanre adequate proecrfou, it will then becrtnethedutyofCoBgirnsinsupplysuchdearieucy.We have bad two enow storms this week—one on Tuesday night and partof Wednesday, which have disappeared of the Pnlted Elates, when they rightfully form a enns-jtutijii to this matter, to pass it over"with the preca- The officers subsequently retired aad psased a resolu- fromtbestreets, andbeenreplacedbyanother,ofhalfa tobeadrrIPedaaaMateintotbeUnion,maythen,fortoefirst rious hope that it will stand until somebody tiontoacceptthe tovrtation TbecompaniesmetlastnightWASinxGTOX,F e b .18,18O0.floor of a room to No. 2 Vandewater street, when Swar- ton produced a powder flask with the intention of explod- ing tt near tbe drunken man and thus arousing him. B y some means tbe fire g o t into the powder while to Swar-ten. win aaocmbio at their respective armories ready foe atarehta* oroera. at three o'clock P. M, on Tueaday Stet teat.. equipped as foliowt —Cnifortn eoat aad cap, with overcoat, grv y pant* and croas belts, fatigue eapa suspended from tba button of tbe overeott.Mr. Douglas and tke Charleston Convention—Tkt 3l:i-nn>:.i! •• and observance of all who enjoy tbe benefits of our compactThat this coonnrJttea ef Bee la tatanded thus to head oilMr Douglas and bis party in tho Charleston Convention,iu man can doubt Nor could Mr. Bright have selected abetter committre for the purpose had he studied over the•ubiert tor a month Indeed, there to reason to beltcv«that this committee to tho result of several months study; Trtfctinr, which is the general receptacle of . 1 li'ee- IVrce. The buiioing is occur.tod by Wiiltam Nugent as a 8i:tti i field> orders will be issued on Thursday upon re_-on" roan to save their own Uvea Brown rcp>ied thai he for be it known that Mr. Bright, by a sort of rule adopted, hoodis starii-.ng chairman of the democratic caaenses U:-OQ Mr PijtRK wa= very glad to hear a c->utra<i•etion'•lermted it exceedingly. The taking of human life was whatever subject assembled. W e may soon, therefore, tbe Senator. When the constitution wa* formed Virginiacelrt o" the tele graphic detpatches from Col. Lefferto.Attn Ion Hale of California £teamshlp*. Tbe eaJ.o of the rteamers IiMnote, Moses Taylor, 8tar or Ibe WtM, PLiladelpbi*and Empire Oty, by Messrs. Butler, fchuitz & Mathews, took place yesterday, a t one o clock,ntmible thin? bet,-' heccntinued, '-I bare considered expect from this ermmtttee of ave, and from the dem > cratic oracles of the Senate, a manifesto which wilt be a*dii not recognise the doctrine that slavery ean >W.«d »othFIRI- ix BRO.U'WAY.—Between seven and eight o'clock )tsten'ay tuormtg a dr? oceurre•' in the dwelling hciaethe matter well—you will have t o more inroads from pointedly directed to the overthrow of Mr. Douglas aaitbat tbe people of every Stato have tbe righ* to Bcttle ind fncutty. be having explains 1 to the perfect sntis'astion To d»y the committfe demanded tbe attendance of tbe Territories, and to take tfieir propertv of every des nobody claimed that tbe coustiunion protected It lie Street, to a lucrative position :n tae Post office. The do There was a considerable number of spectators pre-crtptkm with then., niggers and a'J.Secund—That this right involves the right to protecUonfreiii the local euthoritrc^ and the general government, of all descriptions of property, Including sUves.Third—Thatwher-ibelocalaatbor;'!>8ofaTerritorv failtopreth.idpr<tcctliintoalaveproperty.itistbeduty cf tbe supreme federal author:titt>to interposefor tne pro- tection of said property.Tt"*l» ;-te'foru) vf t^toaoU fTQUl tlje dcnjocralic m»- nicn—Popular Indignation apaimst Bin far his Intuit h jcrit.v t: the Fnlted Suits St-nate, if thin adopt>d, Willwarned the Nortietn democracy net to make the duolrioe of protection of slavery an issue, or put :t in their pia' form If they snoold, the history ami end oi the party would he »3 short and rapid as tint ot ChaWev—•• m that n'ghtwasBelsbazmr,KingoftbeCbal.leans,sUin' FJe deniedthattherewasanypowerundertheoouftUtutioLto take slavery in^i tbe Territory. S:a/es were held by State law. When the constitution s a « formed tlie r'ramers of it made no provision for tbe carrying of slavery to ether Sutieg, Since thin session comroenced these halls barerungwithdiennion Senatorsweretryingtoexcel each otber. Tbe South is said to be for slavery and dis- union, and to threaten secession if slavery is not'pro tected. He referred to the remarks of the Senior from Virginia, who said tbe cap stone of the arch or the Union was a black stone—slavery This was not true It wt- not the cap none, but a cobble stone in the arcb. miking t t t r e m b l e s r . d s h a k e , b u t t h e a r c h w o u l d n o t t a i l , i f i t wete taken out.nneuKis ra»»aTOEraasimwT.A roc?*sgc was received from tbe President of toe IJnit-t .1 States transmitting a memorial from the citizens of Nebraska acd tbe western elope of the Rocky Mountains Referred to the Committee on Claims, in order to be prim ed.AXJCOl XCmgeXT Of THE DkaTft OFHK. OOOOF..A mesfage was received fiotn tho House ancoanciiig thedeathofWilHamattoode.ofVirginia.Mr HtMXR,(dom.)ofTa,oilerodtheusualresolution*flrrra" bettsr fvrnyArraigned at (Ae 8d* «v"/*«W»c OpiPresidentBwdwutsn—CabinetReoefU'mu—Vuit ofMus hunt to PauuyiMuna—Bo*p%talUy of Washington La dies, ift.The editorial? o* the HXRALT. in regard l~> tho ablationstosultaoffered to the Executive by the Clerk ot the Houss o r R e p r e s e n t a t i v e s , o n t h e n « g h t o f h t o e l e c t i o n , b y a m v jnrtty of one, meet with general approval, even frcrn per sons by no means partial to the President. Undoubtedly, If the sense of the country could be taken, it would be In fever of expelling from office a functioniry w h o , iu th e veiy hoar of hto election to an undeserved honor, has so ntilc self control a s to indulge in " a spree," and then belch out to hto '• elevated" comrades aad a gang or baad- ofmuste followers htodrunken ravines againstthe Chief Magtotraieoftbe United States. Comity between the dMRrrent branches of the government to indlspensaole to the perpetuity cf our institutions. The impunity of Forney, after having oomatittod anch an outrage a^KM the Execative, shown the degradation to which hto snpport<sra to the House of Representafirta are willing to descend for the sake of party. In the better days of tblt repnblic ha wouldhavebeensummarilyremovedforinsoHisgequity the dignity of Congress and of the people by hto insolencebareapowerfulinfluenceoverthepartycwogressa* Charleston, every man c a n readily understand. It will mak" tbe first business at Charleston the pisiform, aid tb* chances are that the Convention in adopting its plat- form v l l smle the nnestiorj acalnsf M'. IVjoglao.Total Leaving141delegatesyettobeaccountedfor,includingsuch art;iVMiftaa representations as those which will come i.-oni Pennsylvania, Maryland, Virginia, North andactr iost-on " " So, in tbe House o f Representatiree I do not ktow katf a dozen Southern m»u who pre'er Mr. Ding- ton' nomination, or who regard bun as the ehoiie of their crttlHutnls "Ficm all these things, ii to mtutfoet that M r. Du'igtos-1EC* fttf" * J*Tji»wb'vt 'n Vh« ,.c!«!'iou of Martin Van Bureoin 1844, though he will not he t o strongly repreeeatod inthus ritivrntion as was Van Burrn in that The resultDiu*t be tbe l i m e , or a SontberB bolt from the Convention whichwilldiatroyMatliittgrityoftbeparty. A*tol$44, (Ky.)endStokes, tht le can be s o concentration upon any other candidate ubtdlb*front§gnreonthecanvacstoremoved;and,asIn1*44. all the nvais of tee front figure are agreed upon this frrst ttcet.itv of hto removal.Tbe two-third role bad to be enforced ag*^* Martto Van Itori n to order to supplant bun, the two third rule al- ready exit's against Mr. Douglas ; b u t a s U was adopted bythemajority,itmayhesetasidebythemajority. When it snail appear, tharafeve, that Mr Hougiaa has s majority in the Convention, we may as we I vrepare forTBS WIUVtODOSSIWSBJTwBXOSTflt!»T>THBSOTTO.Mr. Iovi-yov, (sap.) o* Bl, asked leave to iatroiuce a Sontacc to, in the opinion of tbto Common Council to* jtwto Kar&ochau. John A. Steveas, Dssjtmin S Swan,gsu'bcrp <-eas «ra«y havti so httte ouaaiJ.'.ice ia tha capa- bitotoe of the eVmoeracy *» «in this rVwldeatial atontiim •batIheye"o»ot«are••atornup"wherherti*partyshall beaslUdorbrckentofvum at«nxrtotra>.Bestate.Wjsewawtei , Fab. &>, 1M0. The toil far the rtliaf <tt Lie wMoa of ftptain OtovAbelli, of Ceaforeia, was taken op andMr. Prea, f/em ) of Obfo, made several adverts resou fu'ure fame tothe operauc world. theam tba rtaarrttwas aa« toe m> Tho rest of the fsoe- ral tervice was ceaduoted by the Rev. Mr.Weston sad the lev.Dr Ymte«,toaheaanalfo*aa. ___*The Stogtog cf the ohoar of hoyt was readered teO^J 1peril aaea twleattoBB far hecnty toad vim mxHxu ornate*.ladams to Qsogoa s a dtoaahtogtea^SSTof car " «f thefromuntil Qui t—ill ton coaW examine orbit the fcrjetory of the BaBttwmode in paranance of law The reeoiutian has over, ran reasu tawa(dea> } f f MiBc, mtroduceja reaototton that Mr. SMS, iIMr. Fwea, (dem) of tod., reported atoo Committee en PrtDtirg for withholdief thetha Senate docssenm from tho person atthorwma the ltomrorSLeoe( ad ' } a - motoTtoiDted loth *hto,ioaaAged a yeses, * mittbe, S eaaa......109 161'1 12t « 2of respect,and moved that the Senate adtonrn. He. gaveSouth Carolina, Florida. Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Mis a sketch of the life and character of Mr. Uoode. lie was river.Sttami rsIllinoisMoses Tay lor ?lar f.f tbe West.jPiircaatrrs.B. W. Cneever . B. W. Cneever..Moses Tayljr... FranctoMorris.. Francis Morns .Anvumr .$106 000 . lf/i.000 . I6.0f» 6,0oO . 1 0 ^ 0 0soari, &c., and stilt Mr. Douglas, a-eepttog the calcala'ions of bit <;-vn friends, will require dt adoitinaal votes in the Convex.u.->n to mak** up a majority. Can he get them!'a man of great energy and faUhfntoes* to hts Stato and country, consistent and true to hto sense of duty, and bis public and private career w»re such a s a n y o n e might envy. He walked through his years of public li'e without a taint or suspicion, a n d , like t h e trfle Christian,; went peacefully to rest.Betoived. That the repretentttivot of Iheeeaaty of Ktoao,Queen* and Sufiblk to tbe Stale i.egialai ure he rwooctf ullv requettedto use their tetteadeavoiato procure Ihe patsoatof an>ctwht-bwillhaiittheeharglagforcrossingonanyoftbe Pbiiedelpbit terries rnnning between New )ork t a t Btooalyn to a sumnot exeerdtsg one cent for foot passengers.Kesolvel. that the clerk be Oueeted to forward wtthiutCity latelllgfeace.A Lnrta ExrrranTrvT Aaoa6 rmt Maaaar Osnciau—O*crxaseoimiOrfrlawagroa.—Thebrtof announcement to SUEday's aeneto tbe effect that Col. Darnel E- Dstovaa, the Oty Inspector, Intended to Investigate the manageTateI. Betolred That, in fite adoption of the federal conffaHe^tbetttaieaadoptingtbesameactedseverallyaafreeandtnd>pendentsovereignties,eelesa'.ingaportloaoftheirpowerstobe Baaa8m—Tonwillptoaseforthwwhaftertintnoticepros*'* letterwasatooreadfromtheatmesoaree,alludingtotbaei«rc»»cdbvthefederalp>vernmet!tfortoetnereawwiseiviritv acompleteMatofallthepermanentsteBBorstandsof Mtr mcrtcxn-pHmentarytermstotberegiment,aad staftngj ef taeh aralr-rt dtoeera aomertr *» »efl as foretgn: and tha kot, with be number at d names of the oerapants -woetaeratj hiteirecddbct b' toy sue or more Hla'es, or by a*)mb»na- held by permit or othenrtoe; tee rent er fee of each «t ill or that it was tbe unanimous desire of the President, Cabine iticnofdurirc:uiev»»tkitherfomf»tisinstitutionsnfthe"tbem stand—whethertbeteat*tonowooenpiedbyti»pe-*-»hild- andbothboosesofCorgrettaadtheetttoansofWtatoag-< r » t y p » t e t t v V i n e s p o t l ' t n a l m o r a l o r r < t U c i t n s w i i h t h <iev to their dtatnroanaeortnbver^iog Is io tioltti-m of tb c r»"tHil.-»f, iD»iiUlnp tmth». Hatrs S*J interfered <%ith, endanm g a p r o n e r p e r m i t a n d i f * o . i > y v b i m w a s t b e p e r m i t * t v e •>, and tbe date of ouch permit: whether said stall* or Mania are properly numbered; alto tht business conducted on snchTlie market affairs have heretofore been conducted in anexectdtoglyiocfieandunbi:.IUCESlikemanner,nosuit able,recordorbonkfhavingbeenkeptbytheproperaa(Heeded to them in that being singled oat to parti- eij.ate Ina great nationalceremony;yetthenoticebai be-csosummary,coupled withthsfactthatthetripin-tbefallingofawallafterafire ; andsnch accidentsare6 Heaolved. that the Inhabitant* of an orcaciiei Territory too common to justify those whose business it is to attend voted yea, 05 nay, and 17 doubtful.tonBrownthentookaclaimforhissonJason,andcomfoot,commencinglastnightIttonowreduced,however,time—liketbepeopleat*aStatewhenforminganeweaaaptogetsreadytotakeitdown.Ittostatedthattbeownerattheirarmories,whenthefollowingorder,givingthede-menced Unproving it: be put up some hay, which he•sowed on government land, and afterward sold to sup- splendid day for the inauguration of the Washingtontion—decide for themselves whether a'avery. aaa domentiein stitnttor.. shall be m:i:utained or prohibited wlihln ilinir juris dicPi.n; aad if Coatreal shall admit them as a Stato "they shallbereceivedintotheUnionwithorwithoutslavery,aatails ot the trip, was read —GEXKBAI. ogmrs an. 3. BiAtQiiRTrR.-,7ruEac'T«.T.8.M.,Kinosai.OCASC,>Maw Toaa Peb to Utou. 5 EomnehofGeneralOrderMo3aarelate*toteeparadeat*tbto reajeaent on Wednesday, 2M teat., to hereby counter- mandedplyhimselfwithmoney.statue. Aswedrawneartheendofwinter,Washington.sometimes within tbe limits of s week, gives us a taste ot their constitution may prescribe at the time of their admis- the safety of the lives of our citizens. The city authori-to a drizzling rain, and m ay disappear in season for aban been forbidden by the insurance companies to touch the building. and thus the wrangle over the almighty dollarmoatbesettledbeforeanyattentioncanbepaidtoallthesearonsoftheyear;butasaNowYorksnowv sion."tiesshouldattendtothismatterimmediately.of Union; aad that the acta o f Mate Legislature* to defeat tbe urpose or nullify tbe requirements cf th*t prTvialon, and the &iws made in puronasee of tt are hostile in character, subver-DeUaates Elrrted—The Deficienqt—Hon. Thomas G persisted In. must, sooner or later, lead the stale* injured by and burning b is race in a frightful manner, while the cuaaion tape, aad material for nlsantng equipnaentato Btad Him Off—Ike Senate Anii Douglas Committer cfFitecntAe Charleston Platform—The Prospect—Dougl**nneptaeka eontamirc a change of under clothiog. ertea pair siveoftheeoMbtnttearevolutionary intheiren>si.and.if ton'shandaadItwantoffprematurely,breakinghtowrist boot*,otoekings.fatiguejacket,obouluertaaot*.bidybettper-DaHdmrn,of Louisiana, on the '•Utter CnacailaUlity of Mr. Douglas." d*c, «fc."Mr. Douglas has bad rope enough, and w e must nowsnch breach of the compact to exercise tneir judgment aa to tbe proper mode aad ateaaure of redress.MrCUIKE,(rep.)ofN.II,said heshould speak'on thefourthresolution Hecalledattentiontothespeechof Mr. Breckinridge, who said It is the aim of every good citizen to keep tbe slavery question out of Oongress, where it only did harm No Southern Senator or Reprc senlative attempted to legislate upon it. H e read the e x -drunken man was uninjured. the hospital. ^Swarton was onreyed toOfueert win wear fatigue eoat, aad SOOTSIIII the ratigne eap from tbe button of the overcoathaul him In."This is the opinion of the anti-Douglas as-Drum Major Graham, wnh Band Matter Orafulla, wCl re- TaxLiDBPraiDEsiCT.o Ajti>—Company G,Twelfthregi port*lthdrumeorpaaadbond,equipped,withomnsti,toihe Adjulaat. at Lafayette HaP, at qnarter totiwweo^toek P tt. ment, give their annual ball at the Academy o f Music this 1 be neeeaaary baggage of oateera, wfh that of the troop aad evening. Tbe most extensive preparations bare been hand, will be tent to Lafayette Hall by 12 o'clock M. e aTueaday,made, and there will, n o doubt, b e a large attendance No .thrr baggage will be allowedministration.Mr. Gwin, of California, whose hostility to Bougies is as Kansas bill tho doctrine w as advocated that theDurirj- tbe meeting t h e utmost enthusiasm prevailed. A Nr.w ARCTIC Exrrr>rriON —It Is stated that the sclen Tbe reading of the letter from Hon. John Cochrane w a st lie exploration proposed by Dr. J J. Hayes, a member of frequently inicrrapted by load cheers from those present.tract, sot to blame tbe Senator introducing tbe resolution,Explosion or POWDBP.—Henry Swarton and severalothers were amusing themselves on Sunday night byplaying tricks on a drunken man who was lying on the •tatuteof Waabtogton, on the IJd tntt. at Ihe etty of Wsahumg-A report has been made en the subject, and at tho nestarrive heme at any reasonable hour the escort of the Twelfth will bo accented: but Col. Lefferte states that h" carrotpermitthe'riendsoftbeNationalGuardtopat tccm»e!vi6totheeeriocs inconvenience ofamidnightor ? A M para le should the regiment return at snch anclaim prow-cuon to tho old States under tbo constinn »n; •Fiisr rs VAXOAS STKTCT—Between oie an i two o'clixikand the time may ocmc wben tho Senator from Georgia on Monday morning a fire was dtocovxreJ in an attic bed- bcur. The programme of their return borne will b eMr Cutv, (dem.) oT Ala.. expressed entire oucurrenoein tbe eloquent statements o f t b e Senator from Virginia.He had sought the acquaintance of the deceased b~«a9se became from tbe district, where his (Mr. Ci*y;> mother wasfrom and her kindred rived, and n e reap****! Ii mi fro«ntheir first interview. He was a tnse genHenvui. who tMdto the right. Mr*Goode aspired to noble ends and scorn use of the panels inthe cabins ot the boatsforadvertising seized by tbe government for filibustering.health. Adjourned.purposes. Tbrs would be a large amount towards paying tbe ruLtirg expenses, s a d in continuation h e expressed tbe belief that there was not a ferry on the East river that could cot be run with profit at a one cent fare. He anew this tiom parties who had kept tbe accountThe resolution* ware adopted by unanimous caosantIn connection with the above subject a retolution « M netted to appoint o committee of fire to go to Albany, to lock after the bills relative to this city.Funeral mt Ste pit*n Wtoltaiey'—«erwfasa » t Trinity Chttreh.Ibe fuse-tl of Mr Stephen Whitoey. who died on last Thursday, and of whom we gave a nottcj on Friday morning tock place at Trinity charch, at one P M y e s - terd.y. Mr. Whaasy was histself a Presbyterian, s a d tuenaVd tbe Rev. Br Potts' charch in this stty; oat h aTbeSi t i i * RanjtoajDCCilthe fotlowiBg select sonpsittselloato o f Representatlwae. WasniWTOX, Feb. 20,1W0.» aFeged piart'ta a'mCae totho European paoiporl afotom ittin rgog un;thtt«fore. . . .BwatsoT, 1bat sesii oastsoef a— be sssttotsi to teewtoetom taaabotMnosedtoete,aadwhtthrranv furtherItaftoit ttontoaecetaerytoareaeseettothesoldprotitanofteeera n-grtritr and. therefote, s-itatioe. aad ttotOe aawmMte be empowered to seed for)of Ohio, from ibaT<ei-attmeot. for fnlilitog treaty ^^^S^T sadpart was snsg by Stigelli, replacing BrignoU f^g not yet recovered from tbeurn from staging on Friday. Thegather sattotactory.Oa Wednesday Patti will stng inMr. FBXBJBAX, irtTTsJs and Means, reported billsforthe sajB^oftbe manatfoortbheCMla* tortttkWfleMB Qm lwtwavftewSM•• wafwyPfivate and rotttical rn*»*c*er«f c? Messrs. M o « X*jox0 «f !Untitled Document(dem)ofOlkfo,eaJegtoedt The aruil resee>Uoa«-I j * #i s u * coto ewBtags •Wtotjajaa. nACADOIY or llretc—Adeltoa Pattiton, Rev. Mr la^aaaawstorewtor.sad Rev. Mr. Weston,' Luciadi Iammeimoor.tbeopors U. which ane maleervtotontmtototerofIrtodryoborch. It wasled bytheruBett eflert to all the gams of the opera,theand Senor Muxtor composition m honor or Garibaldi willhe performedtor the first time to Mow York, the vocalparts by the art* itosl artiste of tba toadrmy, aad the fuBcaorat. The composer will conduct the orchestra The * vts« body ef Mr. Whttasy - arrayad to s reap of onto- work has beta or rimmed to Bsotoe, aad was eminently ^ . T i i a a and frmatotpereeewyoaswfnl. The promt a the tost weaker Mtot Pais K'eaeii »*.«•«• » __,W»«J» ar -•-.-•*•aid itc latt tut cat ef iht Operato thefetgeasi* Weed aad Olearman wul report to the Quarter. matter for orders. By order ofMARSHALL LaTFERTB, Colonel. J. H . T.rgBTjitr, AdjutantThe regiment will leave the ctty tbto afternoon at half- adjtonysad.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 