 expressthemselvesphasedwiththepraiaejhe- the article and the speech, the andtoitweowethefactthatwearenotalonestowed in the PraeateM a ntesnaare on the eon- the first Power in China to-day. bet we are in reader will see that the HERALD was six weeksDramstie sad Musical MattersThe thirti turn »rtol the Ihiharmonic Society of Hewinvttedtoattend fee fuu*ra' or T-fwjar aftenteoe.half-past eee e'et" Ttc. frow b» unrests' reateeeee, Mo wersyte'sat last. awl s e t a k e a t o lCemeteryLiK-om —At Khsaboth. N. J., •• rr-.isy, Jen 27, LrxaLSVOBLK ic t*>e * cth year m aw ss*B* ft lead» end aryie*niant»». ar» rerpsetfuHr Iu «Ou«to attend tie ftm^ral ten* fn>«ter*) erWaeea, et t*e a'eteeh, at No 42 West Jersey ftoaet, testes teaee root at GurttaixH autet at !2 Mneu oi the North would unite, and knit them-selves »« strongly and as unanimously togetherto make the aggressive war as the men of theBooth art: &ni< and united to repel it, the per-fpective wruid be the rao«t terrible thaterverpresented itself to the world. Two vast cooa-snunitk<«, possessing every engine that art canconstrue,, every appliance that skill or sciencehas invented, would grapple in a straggle forl i f e o r d e a t h . T h e f o r c e s o f t h e c o n t e n d i n gparties, unequal as they seem in numbers,would be equalized, if not reversed, by the dif-ferent moral power whichalwaysattendsag-gi>«M«>n and defen<te. The busy hum of pro-d>- t.ve industry would give place to the waste-ful clangor of gathering in martial army. Com-mercewouldeeaseitsthrongingonnorriversmad seas, and the present hope of a peacefulreward for honest labor would be displacedtoy the lust tor spoil and the longing for the while he is down. The Tribune, which is the legates, it is said, are also for Mr. Cameron. gory Laurels of war. Battle would extend itsF e i n auad G e n t l e m e n ' s W i n t e r day) morning, from ber late residence, 171 Mulbefrrydestructive rage over the now peaceful cities and nekU of the land, and the horrors of the Strife would be heightened by the rage of the enrdied feelings of brotherhood that for eighty years have bound us together. However the renal pen of history might gi\d the achieve- ments of a few fortunate military leaders, and lift its hosnnnas in their praise, these would, in sober truth, be bat the knell of death to the happiness, prosperity and glory of the 'and.SxwASi/fl CSAScxa.—The Cincinnati flawOs—the leading republican paper of Ohio—says that "Mr. Seward willAt both the old sad the New Bowery theatres "The Octoroon"'has been very successful, and it will be con- tinued in the tells of both houses during the week At the OU Bowery it will be played to-night, with "Ben Liel" (The Son of tee Night), a capital drama. At the New Bowery, a local farce, called "The Midnight Conspirators,"wW be acted, with "The Octoroon."AtBarnum's Museum, the very clever comedy, "AHusband to Order,'' will be acted to-night; the "Vermont Wool Dealer" (Yankee piece), is also aanounced. "The Octoroon " is announced to be brought oat on ThursdayAt George Christy's Minstrels, Niblos Saloon, the popu-1ST farce "Now Year's Calls' has been reinstated in thebills. The Bryants', 472Broadway, present a good pro- gramme, with a farce, the title of which, "Who Struck Billy PaSerson?'' is suggestive of something entertain- ing.based entirely on ignorance and misrepresenta-tion of the social institutions of the South.' Everyprinciple which lends to the preservation ofthe Union can spring only from a desire forpeace and a feeling of fraternity. The govern- Jackson, who was battling against foes withoutR. M. T. H t m s n The democrats of Essexhave declared in favor of their distinguished countryman. Senator Hunter, for the Presidency.MjiSBAonTforrrs BSTBUCAS Cowvnsnos.—At a meeting of the Republican State Committee ot Massachusetts, it was voted to call a Convention, to be held at Worcester, on thement of the States. That idea rejects every second term. The insane fanaticism and odiousday, and drew a crowded house. On Wednesday nextthe comic opera by Adam, "The Postilion of Longjumeau."will be given for the benefit of Mr. Herwig, the conductor afternoon, at two o'clock.lownetm. tional men in all sections of the country: and Should the black republican leader*, therefore. the nomination of the right man would be equi- succeed in their revolutionary attempt to seize valent to putting him in the right place. Many the powers of the general government, and of the delegates will go to Charleston pledged tbronzb them endeavor to coerce the Southern to vote for certain candidates. As many as States into an unwilling fubmissios. those very half a dozen prominent democrats— such as powers would turn to ashes in their grasp, and Wise, Hunter ,' Breckinridge, Douglas and the name and fncuUina of the confederation Dickinson—have votes promised in advance. •wouW exist only in a hollow tmurpation. The But n>«eof these" men will do. They cannot vitality that animates the federal power flows command the reserved vote. As we have pre-^Monday) afternoon, at three o clock.tnit>ti.—Un Sauirday evening, Jar. 28, HKNRT BHnw,bo. vait Broaewaf, Sew tors, aad So. idZFuilOD street. Brooklyn."IN RTEK1 B B ' r S t T IT IS rtTVH 8AFBB T<. CHKthe great Central States.anon as the black republican party menaces has been distinguished by firmness, prudence their social organization and their every vested and sagacity, and his only opponents are disap- interest with, would paralyse tike arm of the pointed seekers after the spoils. Mr.Buchanan.tetstesta» ^ w l s » ^ f a ' » Shis return, threatens to become more sanguinaryand destructive, and to be extended on a scaleof the most alarming dimensions, On therepublican party at the commencement of the session, still remain with the Shermanttes.RXPTOXICAXCuranuns.—It is settled that the vote of Illinois, in the Chicago Convention, wfll be cast for Hon.Zoyara. The Brothers Hanlou will perform some novel gymnastic feats. and there will be a new comic piece to conclude the programme.At the Broadway Boudoir the Webb Staters have been quitesuccessnU. Thecompanyherehasbeenstrength- ened by the addition of Mr. W. O'Nie!. a very clever Irish comedian, who will play this evening ia •'Irelandsettealf dress Boots A1CIP,the States,A MAGBTFTCBBT SXVBir OCT A T I FTAWOFOBTBwhich it opens wfll be the mosT important that has taken place in this country since 1832, when the conservative and commercial classes of the country rallied to the support of GeneralBBBW/TA WHE—The Norfolk Bsmid says:—From mi- legation to Charleston will be a unit tor Wise.any of its pttseesawrs. The following capital plays aren preparation —lMari«Ieanne," "Lea Femmes Terri--bles," "Le Sonneur de Saint Paul,' "Le Boman d'unJeune Homme Pauvre."At the German Stedt theatre a new original drama byW. Wousohn." Only One Soul," has been produced with success Geetee's celebrated tragedy," Faust." has been performed twice. Mr. Fallenbach sustained the parts of Faust on one night and Mephistopheles on the other, very well. For tee benefit of Mrs. Meaabert, the melodramathe Bev Dr. Vail. D. D., S. M. COOPS,of New York city, to MABV B. JA<XBUB, of SpnngheUl, Mass., damrhter of the late Geo. Jackson, of the firm of Jackson k Bobbins, New York city.Died.ASQcrrH.—In Brooklyn, E. D., on Saturday, Jan 2SRHTUKD. yonngest son of Wm. and D. Asquith.The funeral will take place this (Monoay) afternoon, ar. two o'cicck. from toe residence of his parents, in Rodney street, near Lett avenue, Brooklyn, E. D. The frienis oftie family are re«pectf«liy invited to attend.ALESA>PS» —At Princeton, N. J., on Saturday, Jan. 28,and traitors within his party, and triumphantlyper ia ba*ed upon the idea of the serf-govern- returned Mn> to the White House for a 7th of March next, to choose delegates at large to tne re-i4(UB»a BSNIOBb, tSTSBTBD NAILS, BNL/.Rai C jOitiUiaad ail itlaesmw ot* tbe feat e-trea wfth-Tit ua n inconvenif-Tooe to ttf paiteat. b_ Dr ZA«"H.%RIR. 8un Cbi*^)p<vttM. 780 Broacway. SSBbrs to pbvstouaa aadl « i i i i>i t»e city.DISEAbB OF TBB I.CNtiS AJTD THBOATM(-uieseteaMafui.ilv'. treaMtetd by K W. VO^nnkgnTT. nstBgllTTH M r».unjee. .or tbe ireettaenl of Fultnauary dnaasasaniy ba. Bowery.ment under which we live and so greatly pros-5EW YORK HERALD, (MONDAY, JANUARY 30. 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.TIE FAMILY BEftlLl.Tfce t l h l t e atsvwee ot Ate»*vraee"iEsseThe FAULT H a u i s of Wedsssdsy next win contain aquestion remain* for the present. Mataffs are standing the taunt of a republican leader to our Minister. Mr. Ward, to obtain the media another part of thiOpaper. The main attractions of the very ttaaeitest Manifesto from Archbisaap Hngheaaod Mares, m the » 1 j«er e* b» see.«t*ct ef th* Brfcath Admiral. refardiaf it at an ahead of the Senator in proposing an interstate a position to mediate between tbe three bel- io»k w.l. t< give* at the Academy ot Music en theimplied censure on General Harney. They, ofcourse, do mot look upon the language of Mr.neutrality law, and it will be further made evi- ligerent Powers, and possibly prevent a war dent by the comparison that the Little Giant disastrous alike to England, to France, and to"(iwe ot f'atuTday, HU. February. The rehearsal will tali* p ace on tne afternoon of Wednesday, Feb. 1, sad as tbe evening of ibe aococrt.Buchanan as yielding anything to the English of Illinois has copied ear ideas, In this we China We learned by late advices that theThe opera staaosiat U-t Academy of Music wtl begin Interpretation of the boundary line. Tfcui the think he shows bis good sense, netwith Chinese government contemplated appealing ttosweti; The ofscia announcements wil 1 be found inUtrrn —In this cay, no Sefrrery, Jon. 3S, Joss H.c. a.-" i. will be the appearance of Adeline Pattt in several now ao arranged that there i* no probability that the HERALD supplies brains to the demo- tion of the United States: and we think that rvk* which the has sot a» yet tang in the metropolis,the •soteasa Bsteops eTstew York in relation to tee Bssa- * f. Baa relaoves aa>i f<wato*. and those of U> lather, J a m a Beysaoer, are request** to attend hts ra»er*l. at the W<« pontl Sovereignty of the Pope, An tateresttef Trial for Farms Presbyterian ennrch ttiw (Mnaday) srterssea, atof any further difflenlty occurring until the nt-gotaattons between the two governments •hall hare decided which is right on thepoint In dispute.cratic party. There is another point in which the President ought to tender it to the three and tfce pniVrmaaa* of "Ber Frejaehatz'' (to. Italian) for Ltoekte Battens—-The Whtet Steves of Fasiaao rrati La- one o'etesk, w*bnet fwrteer mvoaftosthe distinguished Senator follows the HERALD, governments, in this emergency, although we the tirst tme at the Academy. The past week oi feer at Starvetioa Point, Vie Debates in Congress; The tt^«r— T.. i- p—py-r^j^ -n MTitsr T"i. Iff, ia eseae-Uw Opera, it the Botton Academy, Is said to latest Intelligence from Caiitoraia. Conclusion of the New uu*nw of irimirt reqbvrrt from a fan, AtficSTmi KTB KAXWOUL, sen ef wnasm STaxweB. aged 18 years, S ssoataeof the black republicans, leading Brown s invasion of Virginia. That will tad passim intikeHERALD ever tartling event took place. This is a healthy sign in the cam of Mr. Douglas, who whether their ideas are eongenlal to ©titer por- has been so long laboring under political hal-adopted by our governmentS o * - A r r i v a l o f t h e A m e r i c a .H " «•>*-, Sunday, Jan. SB—V A M.are vet ao signs of tee steamship America, aow fifteen days oat from Liverpool.for Abetting tk» o r as g l o v e .programme. including the " Favertta," withOassatoga, Brtpnoli. Amedto and Ferrt after ttta opera tones; Reports of tee Cattle,The theory of the black renubiitnu party, as openly tip teased and adrocated by Hickman. Webb Wilson and others, is. that no mattereas performed tie Garibaldi Rataplan, grand tteuau national march, ton nosf il by Muxa), sung by Coisos, Gazxaaiga, Mme. Strakosch, BrigaeH, SttgeUi, Fern, Amodio, Junca, Ssami, Bubretdl, with grand chorus, and the instrumental part by a foil orchestraOn Wednesday Adeltna Patti sang, for the first time, Elvira in the " Purttani." and saeee another Uasasnsebit. The Journal says:—The inevitable result of announcing Mas Patti. at it seems, wa& apparent in an immense house on Wednesday night. It may be considered something of an achieve- ment for one so jeat>g, and comparatively unknown, to draw tea of the largest andienees ever assembled ia the Operahouseineasseason,sadthisverdict ofpublicap- preciation corroborates and sustains that of the enUc. Patti's success oa this occasion was beyond sfl antici- pation. As an actress and vocalist, nothing dutiable was left undone by her In the role of E'vira, Baste accomplished one of her greatest triumphs, and we can recall ia none of her snowuses an approach to the success Patti achieved. Young and petite, she baa last the physique to represent the character; herein lies a great portion of the snereas of Patti. Nothing can exceed theartifcssandtSBooeatsimplicityotheractinginthe betrothal scene, It was nature exemplified by an intu- itive and sympathetic understanding of the emotions re-and all mteresttng newsa year; nor cests aQSBSSMdeted LuteriM of Dataware—FBANCE, BSOADSBjrrS A CO.,a»»irg giTeu to twenty-yean, we. by ten Gtevener ofr ,«-aw ltteMBV>asoste Oouwrv—OateS St, J Aire AKT 28, 980.It, 46, 67. 77, 13, 69, 65, 41, M, 43, 60, «S, 68. GSAUDOaaaausAvaaLeitsaf-Okaastwes,Ja.SS,1880.OSBailroad avenue, this (Bonday) afteraoan, at one o clock."'BArmrr —Ta this city, on Sawrday, Joe SB, Jaant lUfmrr,totheSSrdyearofhi*aee.Tbe rwatives aac ir:.-nd» of taa family aad these of bis brotner in laws, JosspL Bogpr: and James Laforge, are retreerrcl'iyInvttodtotxteni thefrnrralfrombb»ateree>- d«Bce, No KtATbotavMB street, tem (Moaday) " « w r | at eleven o-ctoak£T JOB?—At New Canaan, Cone . on Tburrday Jae. 2R WtutAW PF.rwT ST joHN.eMest son ef Ssosset St.of the country ornot, if theycanget of the federal government they will ui-e force to compel the Sooth to stay in theI aiwn.a, anew ewa. a^gosEOT BBFBJBTSWsav BaawBT nnw^nj^njnno aro anannv tetBjreeiea:decide whether the Union shall he preserved by force or irt friendship; and in coming to n decision on this qoestion they will have to « - amine whether the Union can be preserved byforce and whether they are prepared tothe great sacrifice* which would be inordertoexertthatforce. Mr.Hickman talks nippantl) about the relative proportioi of eighteen millions of population in tie Northern Skates to eifht nulUons in those of the South, and of has readme** to head » snull tVtarbmentforthepurpceeofmarching-~*retin not remember to what goal of gore aid glory. Webb. too. t» valiantly belligerent, as the organ ©f the flfrh^njr merchants of Ntw York, and frequently announces his intentim of whipping tht- entire South into the most ab- ject a&d .-uua*j*aive iubjecuon. Senator Wil- oan autrtlU» a utue oa the question in Wasbiig- too: bin when re get* into his own barnyard at Natick he crows as hastily as either fltckman or Webb. But these arefhe vaperings of short- nighted politicians, not the calm reflections of mrseeing statesmen: and it behooves every man in the North to ponder seriously what .means the threat of eighteen millions of men nnderukiung to coerce eight millions of theirJalUiwe.If we could for a moment suppose that theIncinaaon. Itisadecidedsymptomofreturn- ing convslescence. We trust he will soon be completely cured of squatter sovereignty.Tut REPTBUCAS PmarovarruL COVBXNTTOX AT is now a dispute among the as to the time of holdingThe friends of Seward, seeing: . dlihumi in the republican produced by the effect of the Harper- Ferry raid and Helpers book en the public mind, and that the more conservative portion ofthepartyweretimesearedbackfromthe advanced position occupied by Mr. Seward in his declaration of war to the knife against slave labor in the Southern States, deemed it advisa- ble to have the National Republican Conven-tionforthenominationofPresidentpostponed to the latest possible day. in order to give time for the split to be healed, the fears of toe mode- rate men to tabstao, and the Seward stoc. T rise once more to its former high figure. Ac- cordingly they managed to have a very late day appointed—the 13th of June.Even that time is considered now too early by Seward and Weed, and they would gladly extend it further if they could, it is wiui the same view that Mr. Seward is silent in the Se- nate: be wants the troubled waters ot agita- tion to become calm till he gets the nomina- tion, and then he will probably come out wi^ a manifesto more fierce than that of Ro- chester. His silence, however., like a two- edged sword, cute both ways, for it will proba- bly disgust the more rabid portion of the party; and notwithstanding the politic quiescence which he regards as -*masterly inactivity," the conservative and Union feeling is gaining ground, and hi? rivals desire to take advantage of it by changing the time for holding the Con- vention to an earlier day./France Mitchell, porter of the steamship Marion, wasyesterday BsassaiBeit to be hung oa the second of March for assattef a stave in bis attempt to leave the Stats.Utipin. of Phlladel-PKLaoaxmu, Jan. 29, I860. Henry D. Gilom, United States Attorney General under President Vac Buren, and ex Mayor of this city, died thismorning.E x c h a n g e * . CnmaATi,Jan.23,1860.Sight exchange on New York -„ per coat premium for gokt.that is as regards Seward's Rochester would not urge an infraction of the generalHelpers book, and other incendiary policy of non-interference so judiciously have sif-en highly successful. Fer the basest of Jersey Base Case Verdict for the PlateteT;an- 21 dayeFaMteiserteMswma* held at tee Fleet street Metbodtst Epacopai church, tew (Monday) afteraeem, St two o'clockThe friends and latstlies ef efHeseOa Nb S,otherhand,hisrivals—Banks.Chase.Fessendeu, AbeLincoln,forPresident ItisalsosettledQuatheis thebeanrlfytsg. atessstew. eersaf.a, a.—Call aad ess t"ETSISETJSTJTHBOGGHIDW PsbttB, CesBSttoarnsrof Deeda ofand particularly Bates—want to have the Con- vote of Pennsylvania will be cast for Hon. Simon Came-Barry'starteaeter preaervai• "tswSiBatehelor'aa» Faster? S removed to 16 Boad street TWvatsvention held soon, in order to kill him offorgan of Bates, advocates the holding of theConvention at least a month earlier. It is pro-bable, however, that it will not be held till themiddle of June, for Weed is engineering to pre-vent an earlier day; and we need not tell ourreaders that he knows how to pull politicalwires, and that many who think themselvesamazingly smart are only puppets in his hands in favor of John Bell fer President.Art tobe seta ton dav (Msnsiji ti ihu slsasiii istetosiMi No. to West Ststeente street, between rifte and Sttteaxaauss.D RLEGATES TO THE CHARLESTON CONTENTION.— We print in another part of this paper a list of the delegates, so far as known, that have been chosen to represent the democracy of the seve- ral Itatos in the National Convention which is to meet at Charleston on the 3d of April next The time for the Convention being so near • at hand, this list, though incomplete, will be found quite interesting.The Charleston Convention will have to meetgisn.». B,—bone are geaatee wttaout toeWrnDDDTG OAaDS.eat be satBut the idea that such a conflict can occur—that eighteen millions of people in thaneNorthern States can be united to make an ag-gressive and destructive war upon their eightmillions of brethren in the South—is absurd.And it is the more absurd when we rememberthat the motive which Hickman, Webb, Wilsonand their black republican fellows adduce forit is the support of a fanatical idea which is a very heavy responsibility. The canvass mistakeable indications we feel sure that the Virginia de«on»d. and vitality riven to the torpid nana If tmraedi««ty T applied, no danicer need be apprehend trom frost bites. Aealyalpossibility of external iadue nee i'or ooercion. treason of the abalMon party breaking out in EXKTIOS AT WHKSXCIO—The mnnicrpal election took place at Wheeling, Vs., en the 23d inst. Andrew Wilson,It make* the affections of the people of all sec- the Helper book, the Seward irrepressible con- democrat, was elected Mayor over N. Wilkinson, whig. of the orchestra.Bis funeral will take place at PrincetoD4on Tuesdaytions the base and the bulwark of the govern- flict and the John Brown raid. have incensed the ment; and whatever destroys these destroys the South beyond measure and disgusted all peo- Union and the government at the same time. ple who have a grain of common sense in the Their forms might remain for a time, but theySmith McDonald was chosen sergeant.lMPoaxATios of SLAVSS EITO KxrrrcKT —By a statutepassed in 1833, the importation of slaves into Kentucky for purposes of traffic was forbidden. A bill has been in- troduced into the Kentucky Legislature repealing so much of this law as remains upon the statute book. The nro- posed measure excites much opposition. The Frankfort Commonwealth says that if the law is repealed, the gatesHiRSSTKAD —On Thursday. Jan 26, to.ss ANSA E., dai'ghte'- of Thrmas and Adeline Barnsteafl. ic the 21st year of her age. Her remains was interred in evergreen Cemetery.GOTJBAri>'8 OBTBNTAL ORB Ah FOB THN SKI and eoeieisstos. C Walker t*reet. first store fromwav. *»M« of BBitaitorf and «apaa>aiiy hvwei** ofNorth. It is expected, then, that the Charles- would be nothing but heartless shells, which ton Convention will present a candidate who would soon drop to pieces from their own hol- will command the votes of conservative na-serves the most cordial support at the bands of the pubfic.Mr. and Mrs. George Vacdenhoff's readings at Hope Chapel are among the most agreeable of metropolitan en- tertainments. The final soirees of these clever artist-' are announced for this week.Tbe friends of tin- family are invitou t.i attcn>l the fdne uitrodncad H aew and sooericr Shuttle Machtoe. targe ana,ral.from her mother'^ residence. 320 High street, this bi^hapeeC. wUb taten uvpn.eaiaiit Prtoe SW. gcr wu* atfornia passengers from Bteamahip Darnel Webster, loft for only from the voluntary consent of the States viously demonstrated, Mr. Buchanan can com- New Orleans.CaeaRS.—Suddenly, eariy on Sunday morning, Jsa. tee Tains tor tbe town, of !8M F 8WDSB, CoiiortnrItaekTasea may ne paw as above, to JOBb a. TUBJIB. Geeeeal CoUronr.and the willing affections of the people of ailmand the united Southern vote, his full party strength in the North, and the reserved vote ofJan. 26—The Daniel Webster arrived with New Orleans passengers from Aspmwall and sailed the same day-Jan. 26—The Enguau steamer Clyde, five days from St. Thomas.The remains wil: he taken to Scmersriile. Conn , on Wednesday morning at % ociock. for iMercient.•pjtOF. WOCLFStoOPt" and alw* a^inabrjoatyai iawmo wv Sadsection-States, under the impulse of a seme of danger,A withdrawal of all the Southern1 imtAN—On Friday, Jan. 'T., CHARLSS DrrrsUN, aged 34 yeais.North, should such wild fanatics as those who threaten to preserve the Union by force en- deavor to rouse it to carry their threat into execution. Then would commence the newthe Sooth? No man can doubt that the uni- government to England, France and China, for the circus; bearded woman,great giants and little dwarfs,sad several panoramas of Morocco victories.Sugars—No activity; new crop coming in slowly; 16,000boxes in store okl and new crop No. 12 at 8J, a 10 mis. Moiasses—Clayed light stock quick at «K a smuscovado do. at 5}A a 6 a rialsFreights improving. Charters of fonr American v<Thaaaiv aerntorure for " l<-NNCX, aged 53 yean. Tm massof i^usas, Si—other column will he found a notice of a meet- phase of the present conflict. In the North ing of the Boston Board of Trade, at which aThe people at Havana are new having a sufficiency of amusements. Opera, in full blast; representations are given to crowded houses Campbell's troupe of negro minstrels, with DonettiV learned monkeys and dogs, are atgrand, majestic, and expressive, it soared ever the bousem delicious melody. Miss Wissier looks exceedingly well inmate stttee, walks well, and for one who fer tee first instant. J r t u Ot'inrtam. wrie of Joseph ttesshaai.versal voice would be, ii the Union cannot bepreserved without force, it cannot be preservedat alL Let every man, then, ask himself the avert a war which, entered upon, would in-_ j«HUBiaa.—On Bttarday, Jan.T°-£ rnOJO OPT.-TEOSB WHO DBaTBE TO snodsssnefT Steng and stsgastiv aaado kc.awtorned u sail at Oe snreef ay. OsSSTl sea eee of tee sngeta bestSateefdenteteBewIssswertaAna-question to-day, whether the Union is to bepreserved by force or frisadanip, and sank inaia own heart the answer to the braggadociooutpourings of gtokmnn, Webb, Wilson, Helperand their tribe. In that answer he wfll find could hardly be made to suffer as much as her the true comment on the theories which these any final, tor she can spare two^ s a s s n s IWeate of the family are Katies*! ths fanersl.at tee Church of, Twenty ninth sweet, near 11% SW at tearnymMrs,Foiien,oion the Sftfafetter ef Battery at ate borates, ef the nates. ?hecvttore For several aad fwaatheatitle* the ** Wtmeet srcteteest fecjrtjtoateteteas worthy ofout of bar nwmense popula-our Commissioner to China, Mr. Seed, out am instructionsmemorial to the President was adopted, sagDoe ncaoe of the funeral will be given.the question would everywhere dome up, shalwe endeavor to establish a detested rule over gearing that he tender the mediation of this the ViUaneova theatre; quantities of gymnastic teats attime trot the boards, displayed great self possession. "At tee Walnut tee Cooper Opera troupe (English) san, of Emanuel and Babena Helm, sged 4 ssonshs and tafSithe amicable adjustment of the difficulties arising oat of the battle of Fefjto, and thusral, on Wednesday, from between Nmth ssn* ' ncocen\w" fti _F t 1evitablyhea protracted and murderouscondf Dr.F. U.and Margaret A.His administrationHis friends sad these of the family are invited to attend histuaeral. trom h» late residence. No. 3Ki Waterthen, is the only man for Charleston.AMERICAN INTERVENTION IN CHINA.—L» an- way to England.The relatives and friends of tee family are respectfully invited to attend the funeral on Tuesday morning, atqpanps P A t a s T . J ^ ' g -, _The treaeyjaeeaaon ^ J | * ' ^ " B * jJKItew^rlTnilaai-jae ovretaRCFHTON'S P.flict. England and France, though powerful inthe field, would probably find an obstinate foe hot week. Bates to Northern ports—Hhds. sugar, $8 60ia China, which, in point of the lorn of men,a at; hhds. molasses, S2 SO; boxes sugar. Toe. a 87}»c : vessels to direct ports £2.from interfering in the late trouble, don Tbaes abused the Americant i epolicy, bananas we would noi to aid nVnaJBans Now It tons oupublican National Convention at Chicago.of " The Fairy of the Stars" was performed last Welnes m the 51st year of his age, the P.ev. JOSBPU ADoraoifALEiASDEK, L'. L., Professor in the Theological Seminary at that placewill be opened for all the felons and of Virginia and Maryland.insubordinateslaveseldest son of t e s t e r and the '.ate Martin year of his ageBransin the 32dCHASLOBTOW, 8. C, Jan. V, 1S80..quired—an adoption of the joys and anxiety of the person CHICAGO, Jan. 28,1880. represented. We shall not quickly forget tee joyous murmuring of the song—"don Vergin Vezzosa," in the Drafts on New York at sight 2 a 2*£ per cent premium first art, or the vivid picture of a mind bereft of reason,65, 48. 6, 60, S3, 19, 45 71, 31, 1, 37, 30.v ttseas our bands at WLml gtou, De., this da (attsfssy), invited to attend tee tnnerai. from ha ate resneast. No.fer currency. and % per cent premium for gold. Priyatc which the climax of that act presented. The audienceJOBS W. WALsTTR, >O01 ALFRSn R. WOOTTBN.VFKASCX,BBAJADBSKTSa co..Drawistca of the Delaware State riea—WOOL. TORY A CO , Managers of theD i u * . s i cseecLi,, axjrrccev asn anBOvat scars u»mmie»HtuwiaF-BXTBA CLASS HO. *". .UHTTART * , iiSObills \ \ per cent premiumSight drafts on New York t; p»-r cent premium forgild, lH per cent premium for M*sso"rt funds, and 2 percentpremiumtorWisconsinandIllinoisfnnds.M a r k e t * .NEW OKLEASS. Jan 28, 1980.Gotten—Sain to dav 7 too teaies at unchanged prices. Supar, 8%c a 7 '{c. fi»r fair to fully tair Mens pork firm at $17 54-a %l» 12)4- Lard firm aiK>v,cBonus. Jan. 28, 18*0. Cotton—Sales to-day -,5C0 'Dale* at unchanged pricesa SAVAHH.UI, Jan 2S, tSoO. Cotton—Saks to day |,900 i>j.iv.-.. Prices irregular.Pmi-vnTtipm <, .Tan 28.1S60testtced their approval by a doable recall before the curtail.,aiid.apisgiufuishoweringofbouquetsOaFrway was given "Der Freischuu," with Berlioz's t>ew teciiauvtaa iiniame Colson aaag Agatha: Itadatne Strakesch Anuutta : Sigaor Suedh Max, ai>d . v a t . J>«as& Caspar. The opera att.-acu* i a f>.iil house, and ih- perlormaiice is slit to have "r»een oue of the most tuccesslul of tho season un St:iiday (iiittivvim^ there vk' to b« a *iw,red oon- een.ii, wu.ih M*.- i at:, was aunouacp:!. to ting '• Withverdure c*oano v. t,;. Mmo, -'rn»«e>:u, tne duet •• wma etl lumo'' (Statiat Mater). The bcu> tit of Mjos l'atli is auuouocadA r r i v a l o f SMe Q u a k e r C i t y .The steamship Quaker City, Captain Sfanfeldt, arrived this morning at one o'clock from Havana, having left that port on Wednesday, 29th mat, at five o'clock P.M , making the passage in tour days and eight hours. The Quaker City reports the following movements ofsteamers from and to Havana —Jan. 26—The Moses Taylor from New York, with Cali-1 i i i attnaniant Sred'a Lrmdnn Cordial Sta Tbr uuaoat Tbe funerai will take place on Tuesday morning, at car* is tiken tn tbr liauHanoo of iho aiedletoal aee at ! • un - eleven o'clock, from his late residence, ,158 East Tweety- r»n» (BOTH nutraBect than that generally sold. Vaalia IISseventh street. The remains will be laierrod ia lireen- han Twenty smib sueei, b e e Turs.Jan. York.22—TheSpanishsteamerOoeanBird fromNewm e e t , this (Monday) afternoon, atPhiladelphia papers ptetee copy.two o'clock.The weather at Havana has been fine, with very little ram daring the Quaker City's stay. Health good.DwrscN.—On Sunday normeg, Jan. 29, ELEUBBYSG. Qcaarm con Livaa JBLLT,Sir William Gore Ouseley has arrived at Havana on hiatest.,ofSTLorra,Jan.28.I860.Flour quiet: snperfln<\ SS fto a $5 «'2}„. Wheat un 'or to morrow. The rn>r»eiimtr of the Onera house m the changed' red.Sl 34 a Si 35. whit«.Sl 4<>a SI 50 Corn£met will not imerfeiv wish tn tr luMneaa arr*u«i-:neiMa; aalv it oortion of their euwk »-»i contasaed in tee ttuUdtac aaasaced. They will occuuy ibe norm K.ia, !U8 and UiJ Wlidun struct. and be teady to execute ore ere as usual.sy-rn.—i* Hataraaw. Jan. **. Faairci^ Hasnre.aon of Fraticia and firidgM South, aged 1 yesx, a «—"i*^? end SB ca;-8.Tb«» rehiMve* and frien*' of tbe futrdlV sue reeosctfully invited to attend tee timeral. from the readease ef ba parei't*. 21 Dry Dock street, this (Monaay; afternoon, at two o clock precisely.WARDSOT—On 9atnrSey. Jan 2«. JAJIB. woe ef W S. Wardrop. of Paaiey, 8eetteod, aged i~ years, 1 month and 5 dayaThe friends of tee family, also tbe members of Svlras Grove Lodge, F sad A. M.. No 275 are r^seswuilv m- VRed to attend tee Sanasal. at ten eclock ten (Mae-•iu i sale* 2.CU0 bushels Vtiiow at 75c. Whiskey dull at 23\c. a'J4XcOwrnnATi. Jan. 28.1S60. Flour firm : sales 2 100 barrels at S5 50 a $5 55 for su-perfiae. Whiskey—dales 1,200 bareels at '2fll{c a20J-4c. Provisions buoyant. Hem park held at $17 50 a $18. Pulk meets dull at fall raies. Lard held at 10-«c a lie. Baconfirmat7'»c a9,*i.POLITICAL TJTELLTGE3STCE.metrop, lis u auaio.!?,} looked forward to by the habitues, too the prececal of the gt-asoa. whi^n will b« a very -hiitoue, brilBSnt ir th" the extremeThecuy theaters art- *!'doing an excellent business.The attraction of K- Boureicault's play,'Jeaaie Deans,"•ocnriueF ucAbasr*'; Lanra Keeae's th<;s*n» is crowdedfvery nient and it wil; o- continued in the hills till further --otiee The " stomauoe of a Poor Young Man' at Wal lackohas made st> undoubted success, and te announced 10 be contained durmc the weels. '• Leshia," at the Winter (ism. n. has not obtained a success so pronounced as that of tbn other ulajs a.'ove nam°d. hut has attracted laree audiences. It IS to be acted to night and to morrow night, and will then be withdrawn trom the bills. On Wednes- day night the theatre will bo closed to prepare for the production of a new dramatic version or " Oliver Twist," which will be, produced on Thursday, with Matilda Heron as Naacy Sykes ; Mr. J. W- Wallack. Jr., as Fagan. and Mr. George Jordan as Bill Sykes. Cooke's c i r c u s , a t N i b t o ' s G a r d e n , i s h a v i n g s g r e a t s u c c e s s , the theatre being crowded to excess oc the occasion of• . a . tetiha,Srober So (TSOieaevs*l.oooty tow for SI, twelve at < Sroadwav.W. &teauW a i t THt DKSOCRAIS WA.TT TO ELECT A STXAKSS—OnFriday the result of the thirty ninth ballot 1n the House otRepresentatives showed 112 votes for Wm. X H. 8mitli.Southern oppositionist, of North Carolina, and 108 forMr. Sherman, Helperite—necessary for a choice, 116.Wm. -S. Hvlman. democrat, of Indiana; Wm. Allen, demo-crat, of Ohio, and John G DavW. anti Leeompton demo-crat, of Indiana, did not vote for Mr. Smith, otherwise hewould have bean elected. If the democrats will nows t i c k t o M r . S m i t h i t s e e m s b a t r e a s o n a b l e t o s u p p o s e t h a tthose gentlemen above named will ultimately Join withtheir party friends, and assist m the organisation of the every performance, morning or evening. For this even- Boose. John B. Haakin, John Hickman, and John 3waru,Second Hand Shelving and Fixtures wanted—StTltab'e for it reui! drr pnowOore, a fair prii-e will be paid for same. Address D. L,, 73 Bfeecter street, up tfairaiWeed and Seward insist upon the middle ofJune as the very earliest, in order that thehigher law apostle may have time to recoverf r o m t h e i n j u r i e s h e ' h a s r e c e i v e d i n t h e • • i r r e -pressible conflict" which he get in motion be-fore he went to Europe, and which in his ab-sencebecamesohotandbloody,andnow,after thethreeantiLecomptondemocratswhobandiedmtothe theArabianhorseZaidee, trained and exhibited byEUaH r r r l n g ' i i F a t e j a t Chvanawflon P t r eron, sad it may be stated as almost certain that the vote of Ohio will be given to Salmon P. Chase. The Iowa de-i t e * . LaaoBtei sV adbrsanot ranThe West O not favorable to bis election.' Seward's chances appear very snaky just at this time.Cristadoro's Haas* Sbye. W »«• pees.—The beat to the world. Wholesale aad die privately applied, at Mo. 6 A4tor House.WsTDDUTG CABB aaTOT. tSB Ctores,to goodadvantagein s a yof thedonbttalStates.retail, and tee»e iTme VmaK amrmsmrt.—Conservative Union meetings have been recently held in several of the counties of Ten- nessee. The conservative men of Tennessee are generallyN OPPOB1UN1TT TO AU. NOW OFTBRsTD A yonTHinrrPATSQBXTNot P-urncriAB—An opposition meeting heM at Dan- ville. Kentucky, on the lethinet., to appoint delegates to a State Convention to be held on the 22d of February next, instructed its delegates in reference to the recommenda- tion of a candidate for the Presidency, " that wo wil earnestly and cordially support our own fellow citizen Hon. J. J. Crittenden, or Everest, or Winthrop of Massa- chusetts, Fillmore of New York. Sharkey of Mississippi, Bell of Tennessee, or any ether true patriot whose devo- tion to the Union of the States is unquestioned. the meeting further resolved that the opposition party of Kentucky will " redress her wrongs inside of the Union, and not out of it."Steua tor children teethinx. with never failing t ~ Bettsf by ustog Madame Lewenberg A Co. i Psstjllss de Flo-county, V a.,Signer B.ignau. a Tuesday, there was a grand at the Annivefwery of tee Birthday of(BV C-ftatiOD;, 'Hear ye. lsrac.!" (ELUa'i),A»»* 115 Vuitnr «U»et,flemr"to inform their batein— fneuds o'rlorlc, witboct ftrrttyr tov^sttos.ing there are seme new attractions, the chief of which isof toil !•» either coarse or fine, are perfectly simple in taeir , operation, and are easily kept tn rrdrrThe Family Machines,atSS)and$75.hrr<»becotB*aaesss sir.- wherererthey are known I. U. SIMOKK A Cu.,ifia Broadway, H. T.,and 150 Fulton atreet, Brookly-\Vheeler A Wilson's Sewing machines. Office 80S Broadway, Hew Yorkwill ptoses aeoly for team at teeeaeaef toe esaneoy. or ren-itueirae tbe Alagneniltttoshkoew baias eerttfniceate of asgcesnaeny. snngned brA.L.BOGAST,leeretaiiof toe Metropolltaa Gas Meter sad Burner snoetesturtog Oa.Nd.srAT S4 60—DOTBLB SOU! WATsatrSOOF SST1 Boon,atJontey,10aadUAsaar«a.atetatfa. »iWas.'' In the afterpiece. "Woman's Whims,- Webb will perform six characters.MitsAdaatpubbcauctionthisday—Parueetor sttoatioaatsailedto the great sale of atsgtnt Bdnseaold rusnaareaoa works ef -The fifth performance of the new subscription at the plied by MASSH A Co., So. 2 Vasey street, Aster House, New Theatre Tiassail, will take place to-morrow evening. Tork.The company, under Mr. Maunstein's administration, en-joys tee favor of the habitut • to a greater extent thanthe "Trowatorfe," Miss Annie Miiner as Leonora Mr Bowler, SB tee Troubadour, ssag very sweetly.THE Hates OF THE LAIS 3B*ATOK BwDgjcn.: —Immedi steiy soar the death of ate late Senator Broderick the question turned open tee point «... Uier he bad made a will or net, and who were his bmra, if say. Sossefew weeks etepeed and no one appeared to claim an interest tn the late Senators personal property or real estate. We have since learned that Bobert sad John Broderick, teat oonmnsef tee late Senator, from the fact that their fathertoJf^'tt*S' _ g _ g r , S wForSs, Per seta m BDSMToa b.sixty days, MM * U\ par east; and ate ate Saoater's father w a n brothers, sew claimY eek.S* a t . shortmght,New Orkass.t^; Paris,heirship in the estate. In addition to the above heirs we in the persons of David Coftiert and Us iia.ni and asters, of Otensn. was sawn to OSUntitled DocumentAll the Local News of New Terk and VtettJanuary 2h, ISSJ.JOHN DAIB, J43. rtti. 12. 51. to, 36. U. 10. 7. 24, hi>. 25, 20. John, Jr.. sged 31 years.l<ai_4wana—CLASS bo. i&, JASUAHV X. i£&L4S. fi'i. 34. 77. 61. 4. 48. 3s, 47, t«. 3*1, 50, 30. Ohrnlara m»t tree of easeeae by addrassoKVi'OD. BD0V S CO.. Wiimlngvai, DelawareBMUtoore. Mobile, &ew Orkaas sad Gaivsston papers pitape c«'pj.f'wrvK.—On Smidav, Jan 2P. .TOWNarrrs, ejrM «2 years.Tbn trteads and relatives of* tee taauiy are reapeetf aily ivited to attend ha funeral, from ba late reeideace. No.Card.—Bf. W a r d , C|oee & Co., Errtie- at ib*<iam*re to tbrm b* the Sre .-v Ox* mominc of tee fcna:4 Vaudewater etrci't, cu Tuesdayafternoon,at twoCape at out- Paul •church.WHITK, Ike batter. 216 Broadway, opposite fitstreet, without further invitation snscKrxjLMBora.r»RD—TrfKLin>GEnW!LLB«aJBADT.A8r'-als A . at If o'etoek today, notwubstaoding tee dflatnrteoa by nrr. en Saturday night, of tbe lea drum cylinder urn"— ao v bieli Ithasbeen printed A large partof toe edHan furtbsjweek was aavsd, aad Mr. Bonner k e made aweb arrange ii •-. t* aa will avoid tbe neessste of aaytotalisasbn on the <s»yofpubl*oaooo. Waweilulm wboSasot«ateawtaSeof •-hnr awptitT to (tor, wSi settee-nat to-a _aCMMATOLTSsTSlXllBilliard.—J. Batobew. Ftiieen BassSW ir» aad S e a — l i mtm, BranbryatttrlyofCourtand buraiar proof SR Sited way, S, New tors.S t a g e r ' s S e w i n g B a a e t e l a l e e as .of Marsavtaken l)aUy.-Twtn- BUtkag, at UOuMafi gederT, 31ftTaw •ueoiluiltj of these Machines a well ondanbnd byp e r t o a a u s i n g o u r p a m p h l e u , p s r u e s w h s s r s e > e . I I ;reannte•vary perron who naea ibetn Tbey are adaoied to ul kind* JOHSSOV GAS BTTBSKB AND RSnrLATOB COSrBINMD.Hair Dye,wtlM teste!Mrs. "Winslow'a BawSatag sjrrnp.Millions of beStss sre sow need every year to U r-dted ALL LADLBB CAN HA VI A FBBTTT CCatPLBXIoaTaadeanain. Oaiyteearnssbente.S p e e d i l ythe para of Chilblains. Frott Bttea. Ac. Tbeeirsntotton tsie-rence, for sale at 8S9 aad 828 Sroadwey. s a t sQT r a s s e s o t * E v e r y D e s c r i p t i o n f o r F tnent retention of rupture; bathing Trusses, Supporters. Shoul- der Braees. Suspensory Bandages, silk elastic Stoc Kings. Knee Cans, Anklteaand all surgical aselisaeea. acieauueaily ap1L L K T I f T W O F S T Z S S O F P A F S K A N D P A F T B B A O S A «t FIBMAN S BOBBBTSON'S Paner W a s t e ass, SBBATOaBLOB 8 RAXB DTB, WIG AMD TODPSF FAO- ' to IS Bent area. Frrrsts Batr rBATCrnELDOB'S removed to Id TCotJastAjra SBTTAW HOOSB BALTTMOBB.Bee besatoaroogbiynooveted aad iTiswsd by BOia COLFMAB, late of the Astor Booes, K. T.ComnSFTONSB OF DaOTte OP ALL dttly appototed to uae Pini mHose.Married.(con—JACKSON—At Palmer, Mass., Aug. 1.1869, byMrs. Ellen Key Blunt will give a reading of patheticsad sacred poem- at the rooms of the Young Men'a Chris-tian Association, 817 and 819 Broadway, tnis evening.Mrs. Bluet's talent as an elocutionist has been cordially in her 26th year, IJZUE N., youngest daughter cf S. Au- IMFOBTAN'T TO TAILCRB AFD ' TOTrRRacknowledged by the best critics of the day, and she de- gusta and ihe late Rev. Thcmas BreintciU. Tbe i.rnver A Baker t^wln? MaiOlne t'ompajv have jastD i s p e l s•.teller tbe nam* of "Si»«»w WbHe OneBOk Cetaaa,'- by toe BmsETiNAU-—In Newark, N. J., on Saturday, Jan. 28, iMtor oi iiuri*tt a coooaute.Philadelphia and Califo-nia papers please copytmuTKSB Etaswusaa—The Boston theatre will beopened on Tuesday week with Mrs. Joan Woo,. .•«= thestar. Mr. JamesB. Anderson, who, wi'Jh Miss Elsworthy. C^aK, eldest sou of Thorna* and Ellen Qarli, aged 19 of ,.*Jeir»gvntmtouetty, A. J r-nWBlTB II lUnhurn minihas been playing at Mobile, has essayed a new line ofbusiness, and, according to the Register, made a great hitas Sir Jobs FaistalT. At the New Orleans Varieties theseason bad been a very successful one. "Dot" wasplayed dating six weeks. Mr. Sam Coweil's benefit andtest appearance at tee Boston Museum was announcedfor Friday. Mr. Cowell was to play, with Mr.W. Warren, in "Box and Cox" The Californiapapers announce the debut of Mr. Hackett, whoappeared at the American theatre, San Francisco,on the 2dJanuary, ana was enthusiastically received bya crowded house. At Philadelphia, last week, the publicwas rrgalsrt with the French Opera (Darcy prmien dtaw-teute) state Academy. A Miss Wiseier made her debut,which, tee Frets says.— Was waited for with intenseanxiety. Of her votes and method we have often spoken— nine o'clock, trom her ate residence, No.»KfteTn- •> «me» M swperirr to tbe Wnnieli ulil ' ssaee. and oaa bowooo. T OblXiS CLDB aACCB.-THTB CWWTVAIXKD SALCSL CLASS —On Saturday, Jan. 28, of consumption. JOHN B. J.J man-ifaeturet' by Parker Bros. London, ean t>e -tiiimaiyears, 5 mosths and 6 days.Tbe relatives and rriends of the family are respectfully ectatned at eae batf tee pries. Sinvited to attend the funeral from 408 Madison str-et, this.iionciiy) attcrcoon at tyro o'clock. The remains will be MOCNT VBaNON TAXBb.—THB COLLBCTcr. FOBtaken to Calvary Cemetery. toe town of Baa Cheater, will attend at \ir Wnat- Boston sad Philadelphia papers please copy. •Beaer County Tai OSVe on Monday and Tuesday. January 30 and SI, entrance on TKnzabeth street, near Orand. tn rw-rtvw29, at his residence, Nd. 298 West ITiLrty nrst street, Mr. Wnxiaa M. CHAHWH. agei'. 47 years.Boboken, N. J. The remains will be taken to Long tor interment.___ Gnwccrt.—At 24 ;Irving Place, en Sunday. tee 2SteHam—On Sunday. Jan. 20, FSANS ANDSOWS, o n i T C ^ i fThe trtenusat the temUy awiavdedNo.from the street,'Jan. only dsughterer Prates sad Let11mosthsaadTdays-The r e a l m * aad friends of the family are respectfullyarvtewJ to attend the fsnevsl, from Shs resteeaeeef ber graadtethet. Loom Penaoet, Bo. 11 Beak sweat, eh tucs day awentaf, at ten o'etoek.Onra —In Brooklyn, en Sunday, Jan. 29, of ttoarPaimea Ores, seed S2 veers.are respeeUBlly tovited to attend tbe funeral, witmui fufthfr Invitation, ftorn bis ni*e residence, Bo. SB navy street,onTuesdsrsfteraaoa.attwoo'etoekP - i r i n w — t o Jersey City, en Saturday, Jsa. SB, ^rtrasa C PATTSBSOSI, ageti 43 yearsThe relatives and friends artbe famffy sre respectfullyAcAtmon to QMBcoirsrmns urnOrTHBBS. To prevent the substttanen of a weJX. wa»-TTTK cnJEBBATnT) EUBBKA SBWTNO MACHnrgg. ta order to plane team wSbrn tee reach ef all. wfll be mort sneed to toose sot bavtog toe fuh amoasa, byaopiyieg at tee ottce, 4SB Broadway, earner tomans susti,Broadway,TiwuSBorty Ac way, career of CTBDWASO~ RteSELL. Ibtar^ tea a Cto^ver* D%« «*• Stoea way, a*« iEAI1 ^BjssTTOa^TTVX- Wl^ OA vat Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 