 TOL.X.—NO.2845.NEW-YORK,FRIDAY,NOVEMBER2, I860.PRICETWOCENTS.THE PRESIDENTIALCAMPAIGN.So, feUow-cilizens unless this ronfllctshnll sooner ,any man living in this state, or out of it, in any Slave sulTvert the predominating power of Freedom, woien State, Inajiy foreign country, regret that New-York is has been established, andto introduce Slavery at an a Fires'tate? Is there a man who so moch hates element In the Constitution of the Republic.Count AauTABiaz, and "his recovery from hisThe movement of the French ^pon Viterbo ud other places wltliiD fifty miles of Rome caused great dissatisfaction among the Inhabitants.Petitions to the King of Sardinia and Napouoh obSpeechit will he an irrepressibleof Hon. Wm.H. Seward, at .Seneca Falls.this gloriou*State of o'lrs, and so m'lch hates thehuman that he have this, race, would be willing tonot as It js now. a Free State, but aSlave State. Therein which the «amc conflict shall be renewed.Thfrewasthenaconflictbet'veenFreedomand IfthiswereaSlaveState.ThereIsnotonemineofsalt countylyingbetweentt»obeautifullikes,transparenttheCHARACTER OF THE PRESENT CRISIS.diflering from their descendants, widely diflerlng from you strange that it should be so—were unanimous inworthy of a great nation, worthy of a great continent, flood obstinately, I will not say very obstinately stood, and rapidly advancing to be the first and greatest city fixed in resisting. In dissenting from the people of of modem times—the first, therefore, and the greatest the regions around It, maintaining continual tol- of all the Pities which have existed in the whole tide eraiion.not for Freedom but for Slavery, conversionLeave Kome.confirmed rumor that 4,0M Austrians bom Maatoahad c rossed theIt was reported that tbe national vote in SiciljTUConflict Between Freedom ^d fflaveryiwould not takeThe Sardinian Chambers closed tbelr session on tbe19th, after adopting an addlMS to tbe King expntttrt of tbeir homage and gratitade.mrtns Mr. Seward Things of tlie VBion Ticket.Tke BepnWicans of Seneca County turned oatone of those thirteen slave States, please name him to me, becau'^ his name and action have escaped my reading ofwould have been audience? mystand, and I know that thisBTLATKST, TELKeiATH ISOM QUHNVfOWll.Oct. SI. T)ie departure of the »"«ilin Ambassador fuaaon Wednesday. S«Be fifteen to twenty thonsand were present TheSlavery another,equalperverseness among men that they can be Insensible to the differ-te Tmrt iluinb«re »t Seneca FaUs,present frtaa Auburn and other places. 'XK. BKWABD'B 8PEICU. FllxvW-ClTisisn : A crisis in individual life is whena man either passes safely through some perilous ao- eUett, or surmounts some apprehended mortal dis-eduporvoteddown. [Greatapplause.]the policy of the Fathers making this free, am ble conflict that you have contemned and despised, business was generally suspended, lierd Beougbui; or, on the other hand, falls before tliat dangerthink, or writing just what they speak, or ttiinkingpresented timonial.EmytrOTease•T succumbs to that disease and dies. A politicaljust as they please, and worshiping God in everyFellow-citizens, there was a way in which this Gov- form aud with every ritual that suits tlieir conscience, Federal relations. How much longer do you propose The Queen and Court had arrived at Windsor from tured tlic Pelho forts.in which a nation surmounts some atioBal disease or avoids some national peril and takes sew assurance of long life, or, failing to sur- Monnt or avoid, suddenly or. slowly languishes and dies. Politicians, perhaps, abasing themselves Iferongh the influence of interest and passion, tell us often that the town in which wo live, or the State to which we belong, or the country of which we— because anmembers, is in a crisis misjudging,erlses occur but seldom even ~ in the course of indi- vidaal life, and really at very distant periods hi the M^iof a nation. On all hands, however, there is anto support it ? Doyou ext>ect that the time is coming Germany.•rials Is averyperiodthat this Republic of ours is now in a crisis, aad I confess, as I believe, it to be true. If this Re-—w hole and nolldng. It you have a Democratic Par-,circulars,but divine vengeance on the invadlers of the implorePapal States, and by implication on the Emperor.agreeacntit reduced," and laughter.] Or the influence of this nation breaking up aristocratic and despotic systemssafely throngh tliis crisis it takes then as—lance of loag endurance—practically, of inunor- laUty. If it falls to pass safely through this crisis, itglmingdeclare all this and take one step more let the Federal Gov- ernment, the Congress of the United States, shut up the commoii domain from which all the future StatesThewholeprelacyare aroused from one end of tlieAcADKKY or McBic.patdicshallpasswni lapgnish and die.To knoi^ bow to pass safely throughindependentcasion. France, therefore, claims that a searching in- than the " Huguenots," and much more east. aptlycrisis, it is tueiiniji to understand its nature. To understand Mb Bature it wUl be necessary fiiir us to go back to the kcgimilng. The moment we get back to the be' of our national existence, we perceive the &ct, clear, unquestionable, uncontested, that thla aation was designed and made to ke not a monarchy, nor an aristocracy, knt a RepubBc That can be a republican nation ealy which is a ftee nation, for freedom or liberty is tte vital principle of every Republican Government,State. That principle is, that Ike people of fte State must be free and must beMMpractically all of its citizens, enjoy the rights of per- Boaal safety, of freedom in the pursuit of happiness— which involves freedom of speech, freedom, ofexample — andGermany,and HollanduidSwitzerland,andad- wealthandhappinessin a societyttianslavelatwr«f everyoyoydvU and re^lai* liblhy, and that all,to our Inferences on this head the ought modify byKepoblican Whenwesayttiatthepeopleofacountryareorwhatever you callyourselves,and Democrats,toeqnaLfree and equal, we mean precisely what we say •(ker -words, we say that In that nation the citi-and safest guide to national prosperity and greatness. But if anytiody does want anywhere to arrest the growing prosperity and greatness of the Republic,pose the Republican Party say is exactly the condi- exactly how to do it. Lucourage all the Slave Stales five, or six, or seven, down to twenty years, and you Di's ships, but as the blockade was not recognized by consideration that it Is not the three-act comedy of M. tion in whicn the country can live and flourish, and to to combine and to perpetuate Slavery forever. Reopen will find that whereas at the beginning of that pe-which they propose to bring us by the policy iip<m the African Slave-trade, and open the public domain riod, Free-Soilers, as Republicans were then called, France, she would probably be restored to avoid un- Moliebe, but that cf Mr. Chabui Riadb, which the which they now insist.freedom of suffrage, and, above all, freedom of religious conscience.year bybetter indeed than any other people now enjoy.die. It could have been made a Slave Republic inIt was not vicious in itself.tl^;intime, and receive the other half of the labor African slaves.record of the votes of the people of^ the Free States, for now they are the conuolllng power, on this subjectvolunteers.It is confirmed that a French merchantman ladenthe intelligence that Mouxai's " Maladle Imagtaaire"**the Republic which our fathers intended to estabUfh, lished. How was that to be done ? If there had been any statesman maintaining the creed ol Douglas at and which we all confess, and the world confesses, that time he would have taken good care that the Con- they did establish. It did not then mean that each gress of the United States should have no power tovou think you cbji stand out in this way ? [A. Voics^ •' Less than a vrok."] I don't think many years. Ireported,Ambassador at Turin had been recalled, and that theSardinian Ambassador at St. Petersburg had reqcived Ids passports.shapeEi^/,:h CnmTnaniiment,we suppose he felt coizipelledcommon to avow for Molibbe the author- decencywhich heFancy,'" chiefly, as we presume, for the sake of intro-the ccnfli.^t between Freedom am: Slavery for supre-macy in the RepitbUc, «, . ^ .,w.is adopted, every seventeenth inhabitant w..» a as states will he Slave Territories, and not Free Ter'slave, would have been a Slave State now. Does ritories. or at least ao large a nu.ubcr of inem as to FOtR DAYS LATER FROM EUROPE. wounds.end in the manner BesiKned by Him who created man, and called into existence ail nauonji, ;is he did all men, that Is to say, shall end in favor of the nght,Now. fteliow-citizens, I speak not nnconsclouf of The Bohemian at Father Point andeonfli-r until t'lis nation shall cease to exist, and shall ^ivc pla?e to some other,the where I stand. I am surrounded rltiz-ns place byof the county of Seneca—a county which has beenhistory.*Not one statesman of the Republic proposed anequilibrium or an exact balance In which Freedomsas and Uimcd ban back—There is no otiier news ofimportance.should be one and principlefriends of mine around mc, who that rejoiceIthis. God knows there is no sucbSPAIN.Mr. EsetaA, the eminent banker of Madrid,dead.mofforce and value, in the Government of the United States—that is to say, that one-half ol the Statesthey have come into a Free State, and exercise the o&cesshould be Free States and the other half of theand humanity and YouAUSTRIAN WAE MOVEMESTS.and Slavery oppose each other, the one to prevail over theof human happiness, so hateful of the welfare of our country and of^our race, that heblavery to accident or to chancefor all conditions and all ages. And yeu' have goiie on sup- would be wliling to have Freedom excluded from porting, boasting that you are Old Line Whigs, uirjl tliese States and Slavery introduced in Its place ? Sap- you have come to a pretty pass. [Laughter.] Where pose for a moment that this State, instead of adopting IS your Old Line Whig Party now ? This irrepressi-of you are committed to a theory something like this last, and to a candidate who views it as asaving principle and a .sovereign remedy for a great national disease. If there was one political ptiiloso-Another Wagher rising of an important character sought to make all the other States free has broken the back of your Whig Party, and its and numerous other celebrities were taking part in had taken place at Katteawar.M.-uiyof this class in the days ot the Republic, I earlyfreedom would even tlic freemen in it enjoy to-day ? ism too, not, INot the freedom of speaking just what they so intolerant as those principles would indi- andpherpray vou to name him to mc, because I have been un- able to find that name inscribed on the roll of the founders of the Republic.was held in the .Unpliitheatre the previous evening,Accordingto China had received an intimation that thewould be disposed to cdnclude peace if the aliiee cap-ernment could have been establislicd upon either of these three principles. There was a way in which this could have been made a Republic, not of Free- dom, but of Slavery, and if there had been a states- man who desired such a government, the process would have suggested itself to them very simply, and he would have propounded it to the conventions which framed, and to the people who accepted our State and Federal Constitutions. The way would have been simply this : prohibit emancipation in all the thirteen States; prohibit the immigration of foreigners from all cotmtries into the United States orfreemen— deny naturalization to the foreigners who were found here, keep them practically disfranchised, and therefore In the class of slaves ; perpetuate the African Slave-trade, so that, foi all time to come, the future inhabitants of the United States upon whommust for labor, for the great business they dependof society, should be African slaves; declare Slavery to be not only an element existing in eachbut they would have the liberty to write, to speak, to think, to vote, to pray, just exactly what the slave- holder desired them to write, speak, print, vote and pray. [Cheers.]is any body then discontented or dissatisfied withthe existing actual condition of things in the coun-try! Not a man. Everybody is satisfied that It was of a government of people where universal suffrage ex- rightly and wisely ordered in the beginning. If there ists, and universal Intelligence prevails, secrecy is the be anybody here who Is discontented. I pray him to least hopeful. Now you have tried Democracy ; have speak. Is tins country all too free for yon? Is tficre not you fried it about long enough ? One would think any danger of its ever going to be so much more free so, unless you are so wedded to It that you will ad- as to be too free for you ! Is the— were anyof them because immigrating foreignersRepublicaliyady so here to it and persist in clinging to it—to the dead of theNuncio from Paris was considered theofLONDON HONF.T MAKKCT.Money had been in very brisk demand at extremerates, but on the 19th there was greater ease, al- though the market was still unsettled. Good billsState, but declare tha^ it shall be perjSetual ; —over the whole world 1ty.;inlibrary presentedthe splen-anyearth. AmdwhoNot the intelligent, enlightened, happy, joyous, mer-curial freemen I see arountf me, but slaves, sleek andfat because supported like animals, and trained anddiscipline'd to be bought and sold as cattle. Certainly rested the footsteps of the invader of Slavery in Kan- RENEWED HQSmiTIES NlEAR 6AETA.IdvaueoL,Sunday, Turin Is officially announced.inconsis-Seneca Eiver. It was festooned with evergreen*, -free and slave through all time, as they were at the You are all contented—#rerybody is contented— listen. Yoo bad your guides, grown-up men asatageshould be Slavebecause^waa located in a grove on the south bank ofand that each States should remaintablishSlaveryin other States. .StrangehLiabvertydone Sitlavery, simplycruewlotuy.ld not youWelcome Sawaan, Defender of ClvU and Religious Liberty." Abeginning, and that of all future States, to be admit- ted, one-half should be free, and the other half shouldFatuu Ponn, Thursday, Nov. I. The steamship Bohemian, from Ijverpool at 1 P.the day Eurcpa sailed.ud on the arch was the Inscription—"We would not be changed backward for anything. your Whig Party, your American Party and yourreported th^ Prussia will demand of Austria,Dwsbai of Irish and German citizens and eraial of the CathoUc clergy were seen in the crowd. Ifr. Siwaan spoke about an hour and a half. He was foUowed by Rev. B. Ivis, of the Methodist Epis- Church. In the evening there was a very gen- ral innminatlon of the town, and the Wide-AwakesBade a magnificent display. I>arge delegations were other as ii might, careless whether Freedom was voted up or voted down, or whether Slavery was vot-luftM|ialand You must see laugliter.]States,tencyIRUSSIA.The Sovereigns were to meet at Warsaw on theto let Freedomis the interest ofFreedom or Slavery humaiiityUcThere were tturteen of these States. This these three principles could not have existed seventy beginning peacefully. It could be made a Slave Uepub- a iTinciple of Union at the period when that princif.leis- not one w heel upon this river that would be in motionknown to me intimately for e long period—that oneEnropaatCape Race.the most subject were beingnumerously sigBed it—declare that that aomain shall be open hereafter, not rfobody wants this country less prosperous, less great, men can a lopt and practice upon themselves. Y'ou to Freedom at all, but to slaveholders and Slavery. less free, less powerful than It is now. may labor tmder the belief that you have a candidate,perors,were to be created that domalu stretching between respect and honor and fear, as it is, ? By votinghalf Slavery should exist and Freedom be unknown:States. Nut force that anybody is to dent at one time, and if you are voting for three you Naples and Sicily to Sardiiua is proclaimed, Giubal- by anycominglyCompany thoroughly at home inadmit,the other half slavefrom Ireland, and Scotland, and England, and France, that compensated lalxiris more productive ofsi will resign his political authority,^d title and functions of CommanMartha.";open your ports to the emigrants plated nor used, but simply by teaching by doing. ILaughter.] Now, I pray to Inviteyou,Old-It Is not worth while to try. It Is a practical country where we lire in. and that it siiould British America to the shores of Hudson's Bay, aud It Is better after you have made practical, twimplcte Government, when it was first established, was, or have power at the same time to admit and Russian America to Hearing's Straits, aud Spanish aud satisfactory trial, in finding that the world, thebyshipand which Miss Keeke hasand every human.l>eing within the jurisdiction of this aboli.-h the African Slave-trade) 4,000 Ple<imontese troops had al-as "Pnysicmmst immediately be, entirely free. That was impos- idble, because slaves and slavery existed in the land at that time as now, and there was no process byperhaps could not be keptagreeducingrhymed play upon;It was stated thatSliivcry, justtheyas did, as vigilantly as theywill to a reason why suggest youof thetlie rcbaptizedbut It was a mighty mis- alone, like France, or like Russia, but consisted of pai amount to Slavery- Mason and Dixon's line there is discontentment, and UiUe wh';n the controversy about tiie Union wasand despondency, and a feeling amount- all ended to be an old FcderalL«t. j^d so to be a Tory and Russia, should be. In a large degree, a sovereign State, all of from them all. and that was the principle of making 1 should have said, are six States wldch, like the other the Tory was allegiance to the Government of the favor.thirteen ' equal iStates, and those States were to re- The people of the country, then ha\ing before themwill induce" him to waver in his. ItalianUiem, of course, should be equal. This' was, there- lore, in the beginning a Republic of tliirteen States, and as time should advance, it was designed and ex- pected that the number should be increased up toall the were Ti broke out—aye, five years peopleconceptiona debutante, Miss Wiixouohbyj a "singingtwenty, up to thirtyfiovernilKUt of thecountry.no:soprano—had an entire of free tant populalioiiinv word lor it. in fix years hence thereQueen employedPol'u, Mrs. ViMSaMr. OSuEA, an eminent .Madrid bar.iicr, died after Uao. /I/O/* was handsomely disllgureJ anmen. Thcie were slaves in every State, and Slavery was miiif^leifverv nii,;''>f the ttiirteen original States to eiiianci- patc their slaves just .'o soon as they could consisieniiy with the interests and onifurt of society tiu;n exi-st-tiiKcd upon lliein, an nnwilitnf^ duty? Isot one. Havi' thcv been ta.ted oppressively? They have sub-He has confessed, and says hewasin which Miss Wiliodi-hbt rc.ippeareJ_ aswhether, tak- Independence, which was thenight. Her Queenbeen a favoriteits Declaration offirstutteranceoftheAmericanread in the very first sentence of that utterance theexistence of a conflict bctw een Freedom andHe certainly will read there the assertionmen are created free and equal, and have certain in- States, by just building to beinghenceforth, and a Democrat, ifsponItons, or did they assert a truth that some other aa-ative number of Free States in the admit-for Capt. Wiisn.N,the brig -Umnit ^ :*(/'• :xe^esslbiewhetbet every page of the history of the United States does not bear testimony to the conflict betweei* Free- dom and Slavery for the period of eighty years, that;Co., $-20Ball, Bcnj. William fc Wil- Borsdorff A-nation, he does notEngland '^"'^"coiha newspaperSlaverywill be (d iliat class of Ids fellow-ciliien.'^ whii li.thatall his life, he as Black stigmati^Kepii-followol the Duke i. the destinedfrcn, ere atSss,eniml her. She realized JijtawWhat else have webad from the beginning but attempts at compromises w^i^s,ely^d^o^nTe?1,'If^s"oih7e inus wi.h it hartNaples,that this nation has endured ?Conuress of the SUtes edicts, from the''"" ">is- was well and dent of the United .Supremelis. $20$1""bravest one. which they still continue tP deny tons.This disembodiment it Is that works upon them n duringof Saxc.Meiningen.justturned seventeen,Freedom paramount in the l:'ederal Government, apd everywhere, so far as they could, to the principle of Slavery. They based society and all its instttutionsunhappiness,seven at the beginning, were Slave States, which de- clined to take the counsel of the fathers, as the seven kept and retained Slavery, and they ret.TJn it yet. Are1and ten before the war years Revolutionarycut of the of tlus lady's natural gifts, and rangehabit oi our material life.one here who manywas as recognizeda trueri^lidul—wliich number you see we have already passed—and in distant years increased to forty, to fifty, to sixty States—a thing not Impossible, scarcely Improbable for many to see who arc iio olderthan the lad who sits here upon the stage before mc. stil'.itioji, declines and iicri.-l.es. domwithStates Interested.to and wewhenever we change that h;ibit, for it is with nations as it is within harmony with its very coii- Ihis a freemeasure one or anySVRI/..Distiirbance> are reported at Damascus, occasionedty paramountSlaveryperishindividu:ils, the nalicui that forsakes and abandons the siitiered from the:i.«hf allny liabit wlicli RepublicHa\e not theytlie but to the Lnited States of .\nierica. Do bv tlie lew. Ring,not believe that the name can save you. Either of•SPAIN.had been commenced againstabjectly there Is nothing particular tocrowd th.at listens to nie now that will not rcMret that he did not ciriuge anu wdtb Freedom in each one itiroughuutthc whole coun- in,^. It prn[)ti.^fcd to nobo'ly to abolish Slavery all at cidorecd. Have thoy not enjoyed equal rcjire-enia- uo wil'. lliC people ol this country ut sa\;ng liiein-Opera,"admitted into the Union.your timebondsman into the country and hold him a bondsmanever, but after that period there shall never be anoth- increase of Slave-labor, and being of its nature in-Nov. I. from Liver- v,i Queens- this pomtatSA. M., to-There was, asyousee, Slavery existing then in[— Let unthinking persons who deny that there is aimported anyof October,VIIL"She has played^was Freedom existing and predominant in it also and these were in conflict.its institutions be free or wliethcr be whether theyto thewhich free labor and freedom produce for the States20thWoUey, ijiHenryconflict between Freedom andRoyalarrived ai Liverpool on;existed together in theIs Irrepressible, [applause.) answer mecountry,up of slaves, and byof their however, and choice,to vourself and the country!is much more so.doubts of the success hasSlavery wherever they country, and that that conflictthe void which was to be m;uieShe earned out of the Co n-iau!:ht.We must confess;I:twenty ye-ars you may import the blackdiffieulty—the ground of their'dlscontentment ? Xotli-Demo.^rat,persistedumphsthe first-bom of the Republic. ^ ^ ^They took one further step, and that was to make,twelve, theyclosingTl,« wcath. rinrile of the TM"Uousand Ci^adbmiow^eso far is possible, aU the futuie States that should be adnuttedfnto the Union become, not Slave, but Free a waU along the bajiks of the erected, shall never» alland among these ri-hls arewhich ail the world had based aU their Instit - Free state, forever." ^,the laiHhaevr>ing adopted these few simple meaasnudresa,id toact, Inno actor or actress on the stage a*Ohio river where those new States werechange.changeseekingto produce,and1— TheWilsonTestimomalPuxn Tin'-rama. and made oldJta welldeservesU. ShewJBre-.-^ame character to-night and to-DMoew. Kir- DviFiEU) (late Miss Kaib Wbxtss) bMl the di-a.' vantage of appearing in the character 4Q«i«n»aUesailM rightsBberty, and the pursuit of happiness.'- Did Uiey asl tjc trodi'rnart a mere truism, wtdch all the w orld accepted and thit shall be erected here shall be, not a Slave, but a no"lhlng without taking their views. It is to make nod2oraise Mi"CcsujiAs;•This soil shall be Free soil—itdesire and which are they theyli.e.and said,Wecan domore Free' States or to make less. To reduce the rel- IngofBi to Messrs. Howiasd & AspinwauFRANCE.t:ount Psiwi*iN*, tlic French Miidstcr to London,bythe foot of a slave andeveryState could be only by our consent ? produced-et themselves down contentedly,thorlty denied and rejected? They asserted a iLei.ini. ts .'It has been well and wisely done. the material for these Slave States by consenting to Son, ^25R-W. MLIntiieForeignOffice.which Mlss CcAEiiAX has so lately ren-truth which no nation before this had ever I'rai t.c jiiy, we have not all Free States and universal reopening tlie Af.lcan Slave-trade, ami then by ne-;W. H. H Merry.;«."* ampand which was disputed in this Ireci.iuM. and for the present we have more Slave glecting the free and voluntary immigrant from Eurom;Wm.H. Wal- k .Moore,asserted,country at the time, and was in dispute, is in dispute ofj-recdoui arrangedexclude with him our own children from the i-om-Donohue, 425Halsev & Co.. K.G. Dcthem last week. Mr. Cocldock, whoLet me ask Ijlie unthinking person who denies that there is an ir-it happens that wc are in the crisis wiU be twice as which I have described, and confes'^cd it is-;J. N.still over the whole bee of the giobe.question, howWm.Watts«: Son.Cash, $5 Smith i Co.,Hop- company last eveningSlave staUsconflict between Freedom and Slavery, many Free staU-s as Slave StatesW.W. H. Price istales tlnui Free, but we have so the forces;and Slavery in organizing the Republic that m Mxiy jears there will be more Free States than1 $10 mtm soil of the Republic. And now come to the dron 4 Co.,;& B.,$20I Cash,$5the Papal "Ihewho personatedwas then the Cardinal, being the only onemyears, or thereabout. Uiere will;;;the Rentes closing at figf. »0c. ITALY.;eighty years thereeveryGovern men of the l'„,ted states will be a freeman,;aout report""^'I*"",^, andofM'-«"».rov^r?.;^„'.?/.tTM',""^;;aUspnte would have peen the consei.uenee if it huwas so at the beginning, and has been so throagb the made. TaKi a single .«'.ate. If thi^ no' been further l-sutngwith fiigue in of mustca' doctor.,f'lrther registeringBlddle, how is it now ? Upon what issue are the which 1 have related tn vot; Jio-i no: '•c.n male erc s ihei; tie .^fric.n i^Uve-'rade wiil be rer.Mued, iv $iOMmtiic*n people divided Is this poUficai crisis exceptumentthis Sta;«tof >ew-y'ork, in 'whi.'.b. wficr. this systemUncu.er;]]IIcontinued unsettled and States,withoutcountingthelastandyoungestandlliepriest,andUiewholepro4.'ession.athisfuneral, supposesthattheonlydaughterSheknewherowntowers,whichotmhmeaConndh^nal«18did, and tlien wait to see Canada and allpiecestyles"Hypocnondriae,"andtlietn— have of that class-will any one tellwillandme what wrong, what injuriousall of the Slaves States in this Republic have everany theyfully sympatliisesvoice offree- the freedom of ha\iu'? of Freelam par:unouiit Slavery? lias ;aiy one deprived them of th'.! right,?HavetheynotNow, none of these States—practically none, for tiie Now.huw AHexception of Mastachusests is practically unimpor- to S:aviry e^tuldi hcd ? will md be a KoDiwci: S»»ri*,•thisti.t-enaiiu> had as much sanctifying grace in it a-Judicialpi"ocecdingsi^olicvbar: l.u.Muess in the end to stick to it, aft, nropatriotistmo which has made this and kept haltiivm alleijianec its new direction— bm'.'crwasidiotic jftidextravagant,? enjoyedenjoyedbe said.The pl.ay was a good success, and was fc'.lowc.l,ijrliie.iplcThe fatlKTs encouiaurd of lite poTser—ha^ any one enjoined upon t'.i'u.i, en- 11. is iii-.tgie word "Democracy" has now. and takethe man fireci at the w^oof rattier too late in the evening, by Il;e "Beggar'sinilt'd to "only eipial taxation, and no other could(uiee, i.u.i to substitute universal freedom all at once, tion? Aye. a repre.-fntation equal to that the Iret sac?lavdci fromttohethirneskttohratiowncof Sla'l.icvrey.to bBe-siodoeivt.l iatnHiKSoKX a of the Cortes Alli. Peade, Deputyso, that vvneli we had'ln the beginning only one Free State and they had the other have nowsisis inhe lives tloivoilndg,ape, will have thedsyoirnrgo,w, in hishours, of knowing that liis pall-bearers, the mourm-rs,lsoeSegmed somewghreaatt ventureso"m"'e""fHl^ P^'j^'l^^L' /;''.,f.^^,,'°J^Wfifteen Mave States, and we haveonly eighteenreputadon in the rival S,eei« InthethirdI »!"•«- I III 'iKi mffpt^ftrmmmmT"^^'^mmmmi^immmSlavery in the beginning, and our fathers had to or iron [we are not wealthy in mineral resources) that as irystal, with a soil as rich asever the human handchoose between Freedom and Slavery a? the elemen- would not have tieen closed up long ago. The City of subjugated forsupplying the wants of man,—aconntvtary and vi'.al principle, of the Republic. Our fathers, New-York, a metropolis worthy of a great State, In the very coatre of Western New-York, which has Preparations of the Pope to concentrated on the frontiers, and there waa an un-accepting and adopting Freedom, and rejectingSlavery as the elementary and vital principle of theRepublic. Notonestatesmanofthemall^oposeduany dme that all the American States, all of wHlcbpractically then were slavcholdlng States, should con-tinue and lemain forever slaveholding States, addthat every new State which should come into the Un-. try, what would be the burden of my theme ? slaveryion in tile conrse of ages should also be a slave State. leave It untouched, or tfie nation crumbles to the bondage. I know where I stand—I know where yoo If there wa.s one such statesman inFe.it have been now if thts not to Freedom but convenion to Slavery. For nearlyplacetill the 29tli.of time—what wouldhnd been left to be a Slave State, instead of a Free forty years that 1 have known.State ? Oh, if I were pleading here In such a case, the then dondnant cause and interest of my coun- !vor of Freedom, and the same balance has turned it , nine-tenths of the time, I tlunk, in favor of humanRecall of the Russian Aasbas- TBI sadorfreaa'Parte.I should have had none of these Irish and TJermanand franchises conferred upon them by voting to es- ence between right and wTong, justice and injustice,t?esire a What is that now which licaii". [Great applau.se.bride of thePrince of Wales.to our memory tiiehereafter Slave States.and enabRleeputbhleimc tboyUng providethat for the sake of peace and harmonybe a Slave we have gone so far with them, con-*ied $10;;KISS assembled aat Chickering's Rooms in Broadway,In a hundredW.I). A., »50 t Co., 550sympathetic With the assistancescarcelyperiod viithin a hundred, or five to their discontents.:to enjoy <•' ">=a »<nr«State; and at s*)incand Slaverv in this land will""" exi.i only in hi.stor7."so long that they have Black t Co., »50 pro-uredD.Tuft." A Colley, *2SEmascxe had last steamer took^.ttiat Pallavicwo,never been ;,nd judi -ious ar-popular expected anival of Victor Ekasiii-,^•"aabarcaroleftam *.,„- wIf wedont prevent tlie fur- McLane & Bulkley. $25 between Freedom and Slavery T And if it rangement had never been made? I.e. us ..-e what ther pMsage of such laws, if we do not prevent the tM Osborne A .M.iv. tloCo.,_-eompromlses, and breaches of comprondses, of the donehe mus' wish that this wi«..1're.i. Buttcrlieid1Fn"m'rbv thatarr.inKernent preven* thePeter Ljrii.a-j. i::.— I'oiai, $91;'. Pit-iIt, abalance of one or t*o hundred votes turned the scale if it ever did turn. In fa-Hostilitji of the ChurchAgainstFrance.penlstencrlivmaintaining klns, and aU other sections of this Sutc, have ar-know have not done youor defending Slaverv here, while net you but yourneighbors of Cayuga' and Wayne, Ontario and Tomii-— with society as they find it in the State of New-York. you are—from childhood up you had- your partiesit waamistaken in this, and if there was any statesman of there be any who think that this prosperity and con- must take care for the triumph of your leaders, must M. on the 18th, via Londonderry 19th ult., passed here as ihe price of her support in Europe, that Austriaamthat day who proposed an equal balance between Freedom and Slavery, I beseech you toTnarae him to me, because his name Is not found in my reading of American biography.Not one statesman in any part of this Republic pro- posed to leave the conflict .between Freedom andWe must, ourselves, in every event, be free. But, if Democratic Party, and they had their leaders. Yoube slave and thus should remain so forever. If 1tentment Is confined to the State of New-York, go, you notthen, through Pennsylvania, New-Jersey, Connecti- that they were sent to the Legislature, and sent tocul, Rhode Island, Maine, Vennont, New- Hampshire, Congress, and scut to the public offices, and you had The steamship £iiin*urg^t arrived a: Liverpool on iVIichlgan, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Iowa, no time to Usten to those who told you that the man the morning of the 18lta.and even Kansa.si after the controversy is ended, and that you called your leader is but the ephetneris When tbc Bohemian leftI ask. Where is the human being, en the face of this of a day, that he perishes by to-morrow. Butweredid freeThousands of volunteers were out in procession, andshould in helpat noearth, that Is so hatefulgoing onhonorofofWh. Browk.would have it or contract less,DemocraticYou bad one a year ago, and then six months ago youhadtwo. [Loud cheers andlaughter.] But nowPope's foreruimer ofgreat for you that youitinitsdimensions? [Cheersandcriesof"No!""No!"']body in the grave. WhereIsyourPartyRome.Is the Republic too rich, too prosperous—our peoplenow.'the Pope's quittingThe same authority says, seldom has the spiritweretakenreadily at the Bank minimum. The![Cheeringthis morning at i o'clock, en route to Quebec.revMng of the Danish Duchies.distant day, the qneeUOBwitliin the range of Its constitutional powers- power descended into an hospitable grave. Yousuppose It had been h Slave State, what kind of have supported Know-Nothlngism and American- the proceedings. A great meeting of workingmencate, but because it was a convenient dodge to e»-cape from considering the question of Slavery in itsyour own ?the I*rin2c of Wales to his MLss Colum- prettyas her every day.FR.VNCE.The Times' Paris correspondent says the departurewith Rio dates to 2 j. Sept.'<i)5tl700 reis for good first. to 27d.a2Ti..d.My idea is that you have tried long enough, and found out that of all the contrivances in this worldducingbia, with the assurance that he don't get such a partnerCofiTee was dull at SIMO Exchange had advancednow but with for" luni for Bkix. Youof the insults offered to the Frenchthe river Ohio and the great lakes to the Mlsshwippi— scorn, contempt and reproach ? No, no. There is tliere Is no end to the self-delusions which honest at Sion, a French subject was maltreated on tliat oc- bri dynasty. It was more aptly put upon the stagebe instituted, and expresses the hope that the FoRUBB revels in thisday, adopting this simple programme, to have made which was laid out by the fathers, it is going to be and of two of them, every Democrat must affirm that guilty parties be punished, and full satisfaction ac- matic, fantastic and forcible of rbUt, and he tbrew not the Free Republic our fathers liequeathed to us, so much greater than it is now, so much Broad- neither is a Democrat, while the men who vote for corded. The Federal Council has directed the Gov- himselflnto It on Wednesday with a true TeutonicNow, you see how easy it would have been at that If, fellow-citizens, going on just exactly In the track hut the nearest approach to It is that you have threemost dra-quiryer, so much wiser, so mich happier, aye, the three with you afi&rm that your candidate is no ernment of the Valais to make the necessary investi-operabut a Slave Republic.There was a way also for the statesmen of that day,if that hhd been what they desired and what theymeant, to make a Republic in which Freedom andSlavery should be held in equilibrium, and remain so does anybody want to arrest it! The way that that is, that the ucxt thing for a party to have no can- the 17th at 69.10. forever. Divide the Thirteen States, so that in just all this is to happen is by multiplying the Free States didate at aU, Is to have three candidates, and vote forone-half of the territory of each Freedom should ex- in the West, and taking care, as fast as possible, to tlicm all at once. I reason it out In this way : thatist and Slavery be unknown, and that in the otherAlmost as much should )>e said for his tenareand even so much more free, that those who come 50 years after us, will wonder at our contentment, with being satisfied with such a country as we now have,Democrat. But you have three candidates. Now, ac- cording to my poor judgment, andT am a simple man, but such as my judgment Is I will give it to you, andgation.The Paris Bourse was firm, stcidy, and closed on;and had Mme. Fabbei been more familiarsee that Slavery Is reduced and diminished in the old the Constitution will not let us have but one Presi-of all the future States, one-half free and for there never was force contem- are for and that is what areassume the der%i-Clilef of the land and sea forces of Southern Italy. He will ex-"Lacba. Kkene's THiATEi.^When shall we seejust apply, any voting nobody, just youLine and Native Americans, and Unionists, "Whigs,thedelugeofNoahpubllsliedunderthetelegrapbichead mit just one-half of the ialwrreqtusite for the countr>' that morality is better than crime, and humanity is consider whether this kind of politics is going to hold clusively occupy himself in preparing for war next of news from Syria ? Certainly at no distant day, staee f^ee; keepojientheAfricanSlave-tradeatthesame betterthaninhumanity,andthktvirtueisthesurest outmuchlonger. Ifyouwlll^kepainstotakethe Spring,andwillmakeanappealtoallEuropefor wewerelastnightfavoredbyMissLaubaKsmwithHere you would have had that perfect equilibriumwill be able to markof one year, or two, or three, or four, or with stores for Gaeta had been captured by Gaubal-is anew three-act comedy." Perhaps, however, wefor the between Freedom and Slaverv wtucb those who op- there is one simpler to do It. I can show him thetwenty years, youThere wa-s a way Jdso by which the third system—the don't kvow and don't care system, tliat. by wliich freedom or Slavery should prevail just as time and sadtkevght,This you will all recognize at once, as the nature of accident should determine rnipht have been estab- ij y Hs to produce sucii a shock and such a ciiangeof an eye.— perversenesstliat It is sure that in ten strongly perfectly yearsjust publishedst way cyclesI do not ivant such a am sure that youmore vicome over the people of tl.is coun- the whole will be Republicans. Of course— rather with ine and with the Fathers you would con-tinue discountenancing, reducing and clrcatnscribingpopulationI except Seneca Coimty. [Laiuhter.] How long do was however, ew Berlin, that the Russianon In the literary stealing.of a novel, the styledIto Slave States instead of Free, and the whole thing were not to be found one in a township, they have In- pleasant consequences.loi ely Lady Lauba has Introduced to her friends, that is to say, to the theatre-going public of New-York. As Mr. Rbapx has an elaborate hOBnilyis oonc—secured to be done, at least, in the twinkltngcreased in numbers year so largely ami soThe Turin Vai.tUf. says Prussia has simply made some remarks against the entry of Sardinian troops into Naples, b'at Russia made no communication. ItAfter Vicroa EuAWctishould be obliged by the Constitution to admit Cape Horn, all coming into this Republic, ai tliey all fort in giving up and coming into an agreement with reviews them, they will march to Caserta, to be joined a not metrical " at the end of the Yetnaturalize foreign immigrants; tliat Congress America to the Isthmus of Panama, andto whole worhl, won'twith you,thereisa com--ready reached Naples by sea.avery tag"those words into amusinga State, slave or free, just as it should offer itself, would come voluntanly, asthe whole world and the second ;there Is dis- greatthe Roman frontier.The resignation .of the Marquis Pallaviciso hadplay.and ThomasIn respect of public decency Diafcirus,witlioui discretion theyis, by yourby those entering bymuch.and he would have taken good from for it would coming, requirereally, Mr. Rbabf.'s honestythe sword tocare to have the Supreme Court Iwund up so that it it. if you would oidy admit them as cijual states, andcomfort in at being pointedchildren, neighbors, by your countrymen and their children, asup in a Territory. [Laughter and applause.] And not Uie dan'.;ers of Slave states. just what ) ou arc coming to. Vou don't know it ; but Dispatches from Naples say that a fresh attack of;stopby yourvrhich every humlm being in bondage in the UnitedStates at the 'first foundation of the Government could should not interfere with tire question should it come carry to tl-em the blessings of your Fiee Slates, and being singular, obstinate and perverse. .Vnd that is been aimounced but not confirmed.be emancipated and raised to the condition of a free-Ban. But it did mean this, that the great miss of the holders would have been invited to carry as many what 1 have been stating to youone of —I almost you maypeople were and should remain forever freewhen that course had been then the slave- adopted,lellovv-cilizens. K is hard. I confess, that lust everysayI have heardyou theh;id been repulsed.But,'•a-s the reverse —reproach the Old Fogies'" of this land. Haven'tRoyal troopsof wit and humor. For truth compels us to state that thegreat Count Maki, the representative of Sicily at Turin, that slaves into the new Territories as they could, and the ol our condition, forever to be avoided, is the v.iry I? 1 have heard you reproach the old Fcd*'ralist-^ ofa Intliis is a gain; hardly gain, perhaps. respect;should be inferior and subordinate to free- foreign laborers to go in as freely as they could, and subject brought into question in this canvass. The this land—haven't 1 ! I have heard you curse the had resigned.freiiuent laughter and applause t^hlch the ^lece lastSlaverydom, and that freedom should be the general andBonnal condition of the people who constituted theation, and that thereafter all the changes should be, votinjr upWin did the Old Fogy and the old Fedcrs list and the old Tory differ from the Democrat, so called, of Sen-that Lord Jou!« Rcssell was not au-and tolerated exceptional Slavery, upwards toward'Iwill probably become a fluent success. Mr.freedom. [Applause.] This was all that could have unable to settle it at tl.c ballot-boxes, they would, ofyour freedom to Slaverythe healthiest, when the whole form of the uation Isofspeedyaction at Naples,take arotmdhypochondriac, brother, BprcaWf, playedwith dis.-retion,been attained in tills country at that time, and thiseour.'-e, resort to rifles and cannon, and what theycould not vote up or down, fight up or light down, tothe great delight of the country and for tlie edifica- is freedom. To slavery into Its veins now Party—its principle was to Insist upon a virtuous ad- FsASCiB. It was quite time thatW and won his new honors fairly. The partcountrywas in a better condition to establish a freeand institutions of freedom than any othergovernmentpeople that had then existed on the face of the globe Itinject to be a would be to smite it immediately with a poison under luinisfration of the Government. It was rightscattered the Bourbon forts and driven away its King. The delay wUl be Inexcusable.The Daifi/ Nticj says the Emperor will not be sohercaldt,is conventional,beyond good sense,Mr. BaowKE proved hhnself to be happily possessed.—tion of maniitid. [Aiiplause.]absurd to be an " Old Fogy." WhatIt wasand affords little for scopejsityas soon as they got into the Territory begia to vote it In this canvass is whether you shall keepor to vote Slavery up or down, vote both wayB question or reverse all itsmemory of the Tories of this land—hai ien't I?.here-The Ttmrs saysthorized to promise England"came in" rather more often at aup.according astheychusc; and when they weaefltxHittills nation a Republid! of Freemen,thatKing the nationalin the situations than al a in the text. pointtervene the side of Freedom uponand then,to have surrendered histo reason and conviction. Y^ou think there was some- thing very weak and absurd in old-fogyism. ThereEmawuel as Warsawpoiuls, Bcii-NETT as thehis sensibleis notRepublic as would have been established upon any ofWliigneedful, fcliow-citizens,tosayutterly;beingjudgetloughtopinionthe mayand Mr. G.F.Deowhbbsthat such awhich it would languish for a time and dissolve a'ldandwas I'cderalisui ?anything of which extraordinary qualityand henceforth make it a Republic of Slavery.poUcy, a — ecaIt were better, it It were ever to be Slave Republic County to-day'^mitted such a crime mankind to change now aqainstwhen the National is pulse."fardinia of the Holypoint"i ct the piece was. on the whole, cleverly cast, andwl.eii ilie actors have become more familiar with theirofaot from freedom toward Slavery, but, from existing and the emigration societies of the Free States to ki- it should have been deferred for us to nave com- seience told him was right, untlT the whole world interests of the Italian race.it or down, just invite the slavehoitlers in other States to intctvene upon the side of Skwery.fo In the man that He aifiers not at aU. He stood out for what Ids <;on- bettc that It were made beginning,politicalor other alliance anyagainstrounded out and full, and whenprotectionand Mr. Baowtn! made his *f point.asthat heThe T(mr.v urges upon Victorneces-its habit of existence w as at all. It was an element of the Whig advantage of the delay to iiotidngthrow itsVicToa Emahobl had simplicitymy llc now revolution in But w as the saving principle of tlie coimtry. It was vir- far duped as to join the Warsaw Conference.was not to be a consolidated nation, consist- years, and therefore I pass it by, though it Is OTiIy by resulting anarchy.opinion ihat a Republican Government can stand at how does this question arise T It arises in this way. tuous, and right, and honest, and honorable among allru,nf((t of Miss Kbesb was excellentpert it was nevertheless well and effectively be said for Bain forever thereafter, and each of them these three systems, adopted one entirely different ing aunost to despair. South of the Delaware River, w as not wrong in the beginning, for the sentiment of policy, which has cemented and confinned England's Mrs. J. H. Allb>'8 /x)UMon, apart which was quiteing of only one people, under one jurisdiction all only upon the principle of Liberty being ordained There is nobody discontented among us, but south of men to be a Federalist.4yc, on the day that It did break out, more thsiiit. "We have srown to our present growth upon discontented or because suffer harm half the people of the United States were Totie^-. tlement. The sum to he paid Hanover-is X46(',00«;upon they unhappy tlieyII so. it was loyaltyGoveniiuen: wliieTiand Hamburg pay X'153,fl00 each, and tlie re-tily lylady," of simple and attractive qualities,this principle, and it has t)ecome tlie fixed, settled or from thisagreat Republic?fortunate in and training. Ofllierest,withtheexceptionofMrs.Hocoa'sBelUKr^, which was pleasantly sharp, and of Mr. Wall'sWe live here.ilter if we conltiiUL Ijithis habit of nlaint^iI^ng Freedom or liber-damage beingandit wrong in tbc heginrungto beaTory.bulEnglandmainder by tne oilierb> :.ment, as the element which prevailed in every oneof those thirteen States, and what was to be done was an essential element of, all great human achieve- not complain, lor thev themselves have adminis ered countiymin. "VVhy, ^to take care that Freedom, and not Slavery, should ments. Then they prohibited the Afrit:. in Slave-trade, the Government itself for the whole period of lifty v. lien my time for active life shatlhlehave passeadn.d1 cmoan\- number reported. The victims were reckoned by lier I'.ce Both pieces wiU be repeated for thetry. But, nevertheless, ¥reedom was rtcognizeJ,aad not Slavery, in founding the Federal Govern- human liie conducted with wisdom, to make any slaves. They complain of no wrong, of no suf- ctnilinue to be so per\erse that we may lose the f-yinfew hours' illness.1ll i.-neither the course of nature, nor the course of Mates have, with the addition of two-thirds oi all th.> Ibins maytrumpet, almost a i^r.ro-.., andshe sU^sgreatchange;The human sacrifices at Dahomey fa'- exceeded the thousands.:be more fen.inine tbaa her carnage anding but this every State in the newly formed Union, and there er slave into State of this Union, ert, witiiout:That Slavery, confined to the natural vigor;all cf a suddenbut time enters, and is fering that they have endured; and liiey could palliies of our neighbors, our fellow-dtizens and our I desire as the greatest gooiMda;AFRICA.viiu-uiarly ma.-cu!ine -=pii't and force, whilenot all at once, because that might produce a shock years. They make no complaint against the Govern- sit down at home, enjoying respectpresent. Wi.vTERGarpkk—prevail and predominate as &r as should be possible it after ment and Its as could not, because fidence and good-wiU and esteem of my neiglil'ors,Miss Ccshmab as Cakdihal- Miss CaAEioTTE CCBBHAH crowncd the tri-in all the other States, which, under any circum-;';years, andwereGovernment,and the Free States1 include, of course,THE EUROPA'S NEW^. Cafe Race, Thursday.if suddenly donebut they proldbited action, they tlieyall of them, among whomtwentysaidtotheslaveholdersthestances, and at any period however remote, might be and those in the Slave States, Make good use of have resigned it to their hands. What, then, thethink, if I were aso far by the mag- nificently fine acting with wldch she fairly carried away her audience, last night, in the character of"slave institutions." They took one further step.understand,beenTheyof all lands, of all conditions and all climes, into theSlavery.of the coniplai^jrt they have that we of the Freeuncer Uiewt urvl£riii(' system of our choice. Tiiey have stillFreeday, Theto fillpreventing the Importation tleclircd, that after giving evidence of character and loyalty, they should be admitted to become citizens of the UnitedStatesequalwiththenative. Aye,evenwiththe 20th.exercising*' isall the of tjeneca County. What a sad t'liing [H-'oplcfor me toproduce pro^r.erityfor themequalprosperitywefor a woman, of course,\y.'-AppletonS. L. Diiryec. »I0; S.M.An.CohenACoCourt A,VicTOE Tnenot reached Napi*yei.rs. man under the indirect opposition to the action of all the *oci.il WlJUbck t Co., $50,nu.-icale.bar„ones.Mr.HopxiKs interpreted'"'^^;^,;' ,\ song, "Morn, ^oo.l.i>lg"^noUce.rau'es In the country—theyproinired from the\gnew * Sons, $25GaleDr. GmLMBTTE.patches ,Li -.1 c.i.iics from greathaveUnited States laws, from the Presi-of such edicts,ifnot Ni.liohon.SSO;Itreported thatyan.; a'J the Te^it^ries which shall come inhX ioirly acki owl- IgC, ii-M-:).Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069<"ar.d total, $i •."^.a.nnci.'iCts;onntry —HANOVER.The abolition of the Stadt Dues is on the eve of set-and execution. The ingenuous Angeligne was interpreted very pret-iiiioi in tldsSpain.as Mrs. Pfr.r.hrm, while Cuyrf.:mdas vou do, 1 should go into retirement all the world forsaking me and leaving me, because I had not w:*:- and force—that Slavery does not dcm and sagacity and kindness enough of nature to secure friends w ho should surroimil me in old age. And then to think, once more, of what a fearful tluiigof herpresent engagementinvited the foreigners of all lands, the freemen whieti abolished This Is the whole and all it is. that when you die your eyes are to be closed by—Statpi^-pi^sper more than they of the Slave States.the hiinds of strangers, and arc to be carried to youtiie those whom denounced as cjieuiic^ grave by youF^;";from >ew-\ork,news of tbe burningliREAT BRITAIN.^ysystemviiipfltiid, and that is that Free States multiply yourselves.w hich would attend her Ust Katkarmc. in ihc same play,Sxic.U seemsIi isthe sad end you are prei'aring forthat the man who fearfully true, per-*10 James;Mr. Hopkins' Coscmts.—Mr. C. Jibok*arc the additionalto the tes:iin.>nialsubscriptions to Paris on summons of the Emperor. It neat theGeo. Slontgomcry,i'^ clirysta: ifair to the to that she «ns-iis partto beF. f20Stephenson * Co.,Kai:'ir:/ir)tdearmeedd. thIetapplause.The other parts were filled by the same artistsabsent.$25 Trask 4 Co., »I0:H. * Co., »M1of such de- Jacob- A- Co.. $25: Ua)ton A; (0., t20. Htwit /a;we do W.T.Malethe:'.e rclra-eof p,e.,.iner!ied especialtitlied D'oc.;^ ^^I^^. "-""maPs*t"er's^,;mmtiStock market was quiet and without material vaiia- too happy for you ?—Its commerce, tlie second of auy you have none at all. If you Indeed have a Democratic hostility been so general in the Church of France, aud tion. The decrease in the Bank stock of Bullion wasnation in the whole world, is it too broad. Is it too en- party, it has a creed. What Is it ? It is a creed has been morerii;hing, is it too refining, and you would have it re- adopted by a Committee of merchants in .New-l'ork— never it Iwldly displayed. Pastorals,not larger than was anticipated. had been light.AmnsemeBts.The withdrawals—duced ? Not at all. [Cries of '• We will never have an eclectic creed taking from the three creeds theallocutions and sermons denounce and allyou have got a candidate for President—who is it ? Do you dislike this t Would Give me his name. [A Votes—BaicKixaisei.] How you have this a miserable slave Republic, which do you vote for him? By voting for Dooolas ? You—" Dcr Freischutz" waswould be mentioned in the cotmsels of kmgs and em- are mistaken. It was not BaECEitriunoi:, but country to the other.sung at the Academy, on Wednesday, to a swara of and in the conclaves of aristocracy, not with Dcifii.As. But if it is Douglas, how do you vote The French note to the Federal Council, states that Swabians, Bavarians, Prussians and olber Tentcns,maytliinkflag by the strictly German Company of the Forme«-Fab-\^ asii w.esveryaArnulde, whichrespectable compassi-- d-hva,/,//nrc/n/('. .Miss ilELvi.vo,icae yofunag ar o a tu p an.l theMeus-s •'"("•"' isWilli notliini!canWoLsET.—;Liverpool the reopeningrejoicingstbe I9Ui,to the townbyCHINA.to the Paris Patrie thesoon when you can get tlie American people to pro- The Queen had recovered from her indisposition. BRAZIL. scribe a man becauselie was born In Ireland or Ger-many, or WQj;ship8 G od with a ritual different from Pvtick has a leading picture, in whicii he is intro- The French maU steamer had arrived at Li^ionam sure, because you areMr. Bbow!» with a handsome tes-English Miaiatn'ITALY.The Paris Patrie says as soon as the annexation ofweredelicious inspirations was, on the whole, not unbe-The Times does not think that the dead-set of the French Episcopils, or the strong pressure of Austriafrom the soubrettt into the piquantThe1<«)1 on Saturday, to»n'21st, was boarded atby the news yacht of the .As-LocatednoyalMail strainsliip Eurojia.r. handed Lad goneH. L. IJouth A- was reported taat be would coon replace M. Thoovx-had resigned.of the United States judgments, w hlch all lead Winter, »20; Noble. Brown A; Co., $10: Allan on account of the demonstraticns, and the composittons, «">.:directly to enable them. t2j;;thePro- Dictator ofsay he and the Ministers r. maii.cd inolBcesome of his the;;Mr HofitvB'ownpen.andF. Marquind,J. Josepha prel'jde niost scholastic;;The French bishops and clergy continue boldly andw be'acveJ vigorously to defend the Papal cause. It asKunclo at Paris would not return.Bourse, on the 19th, was firm and anlmate-I,onlwyell, and desleardvyedlysamyet with muchwa?-MeiecriUL from Ni.i leiiRoya'ittstheCardinalthe part before, but It has never,a favorite with herself. Even for a man to perform,-Mail steam>hip I^r,'"it Is an arduous characterit that we hada fr( sk attack or, the Oaribaldiaiis had t'cen rep'.'sed.greatBombayprobably reach London In season for tbewill teach the morality, or defend the treatynight provoked,Later dis-variousplaces.It Is reiterated that Austrian troops were lugetyINDIA.mails reached Marseilles onTheand wouldAmerican portion to be forwarded in the Eunpa.The dates and Commercial news bad not tiane- pired.In one of thejoy.Stigelliwith the score of her own character, as much might, also, have been said for her. The lymidionic andchoral effectsfairly given,this open ofandInterpreted. To-nigbtwe have the wbolehas not cost hiciThe situations of the comedy are the situations of Mo- LlERi. but the language is the language of .Mr. Rbasb.inThe partsmodel nizedchambermaid,pla) ed throughout. As much can hardlysadly unnaturalalike in.Un e- ofplaygoersree^tteof th^CocEE. Kkak and Macebabv. If a* W|^;presented iJy withiltihses1I www.fultonhistory.com 