 FABISIAM0088IF.2««|aylrml amr^rm of the Bafa de BMil«|ne— the jotmg love of old hearts, which Oora later-kind dortacfbe year smented te !»,>« tt.?Si2?"h8Tmlghlhelaithqdid not listenjurycouU well judga perfscUythat she was when she wrote these lettera, they would not have been shown. When this attack had been made on Mr. Burch's character It was their duty to put theseletters into his hands to shield him.He was perfectly willing that Mr. Burch's conductshould be scanned so as to discover what they could!MewSpeealadn—AmAato ^ F* af Baak Hate*—The New Grmadrroot Oar Ow« OoTraspeademt.Pun, Toesdaj, Not. 20, 1860.M. ra BoTBBCHiu), beiag in need of maney,eatablished an animal show in tlie Bois de.HI*. TkB Tatalamomt paid for amy panstoas '''^ _^HMhMUMwiththeword, " Conclude."amwtt ibtmi to lull a Hiasato at Loadsa Bridge,ftUow thea^^>TM*!d>*'amoaf the railway offlolals, aad a geatlMnaa muflad There are 2t widows p wM neady mobbedadrcos man, ^med Vas Hass, so exiaedlngly likethe Emj^Bwr, th&t If In Fraaoe, ha ought to have apentfOB to out o< his moustache and keep ia doers.If that maa were only to come from Folkeitane Bcqnirlsg per annumlately Botogne.But there is no need of making a run on" " "Respond more clearly, Cora."OS her husband knew of her guilt—sad sheceBt_re^gpmslafy In character.Hwe rtoffithere nodoubt,afewmorelittlemillionsleftinthecof-yon myblushes1"Bankontliat accountfers of the BueLaffitte. His Millionaire High- tive ?"i-rtradtoute;;*fo^i£rthis'';sss,lssi during tBnusrcthd,nathsitsopotihneto,cacnudrimthcesteasttitmhoentyimeofobtaining bIesetveranmdetmwoisth,.raIht*nbwleeighstpeIsd3o9eai of Im<^the Botlischild;perpetrate,single avertact wblohof Miss Fsnnleand selling out Govera- menU, nerer turns his back on a chance for a "lit- tle more ;" and to this watchfalaess we owe the" Patbleu 1""71 Warrants for IM seres each, Warrants for 40 acresnaUig1I,M0 eanfefsadtoMr.Bareh,bntlo Fannie Bureh, to the hare been much Inletested la the eap&re aal eauaam,whilebuying upwhenhecalledthatMO she made a fall, candid and stooere confession, say- IsacapUsIwrUaraa the Aretia BagiaM,yora kiaSnSrlitvteonpontien without di^oltyt pnt it beforehotel, larger than the Hotel du Louvre, to be called872,«Mwhen her husband was absent, site signed external ear, (I speak of lbs Bslocaa Mw, (rar<B> aadParisians 1 if ingratitude had not been in exiatsnce, yon surely would hare invented it Igrattfnlthephere into which he lias been forced for philan-of the Giiuneil i&9U-'91, iu search of Sir Jonsexpression againstchillyfoggyatmos-This is the seventh —voyageto the Arctic "regionsand one of the gentlemen who firmly voted for Mr.Do whatof adaptation, not one individual oi the extensiveher inganentfresession. Theoriginalproobweretakesthropic purposes.they mayin thewayproveddistracted gaze, which speaks louder than words their feeling of desolation and dreariness.One has so many mortificatioas in this world for not being as rich as M. ox Rothschild, that thewith the mysteries of the stage.the social scale, and that they were very much out of1IBank of France had bo need ofaddinganother toAt 9 o'clock, morning of 27th, a slight decrease ofwind allowed us to drop a t>oat astern, by means of a will and testament uf David C. Brodfrlck, deceased, asdthe list such a byfur letters testamentary thereon.1 his mattei having heretofore come on for hearing andthe Opera.Noble stranger, will yon have a boxwith her usualteils what he hud heard from a lady friend, and for thepermit If my health is continued, I am in hopes tocounty of San Francisco.city ......Hum worUr?"«have Mfcen added to the Psaslon rolls daring the past the must not look out of the window at wllL Some of year, andthat 63 have liad their psasions inersassd. the conversation on this sounded like an allnslan to Tke number of Army invalids rsceivlag peasioas isilka seconds wiio He 1 saw its mountains, sspportsd the will, ware both of theOperafor thiseveningthe most excruciating manner. Said, the lady, withAll the grand hotels of the are to be city-the with them, but thefactyoungt«lefra{>h.in elqctric communication with the ticket office of"that has everappercaUua^ that said Broderiek died on the Itthso as to intimate at whatfigure of speech, will be thus electrified. The well-Imust butM.Ficnrtas's rapidity and distinctness of utterance, his pathetic voice and passionate gestures win great applause, and the re-aa* could see whether Mr. Burch had been as both with Hudson Sfralt— that said John A. McGlyna and Andraw J, Balierbathees to Iw applauded. The audience, without anyclaque,points he wish-jury to ruin bis wife—he was la conspiringat this first suspicion of his wife that beruimingneaarllyepwaraltel tears Cimiberiand Strait degreesknown of actors will be a modestytioned, we care little what may be the understanding duced and diluted play of the great exile Cby Mr. or andfoohsh and silly, and confess all." The night is passed exist I am now within the so-called Cumberlandin tears by both—he reproving her and she protesting Sualb It)sbutadeepinlet,ruiuilngW.N.W. andE. will ofsaid testator.that she bad confessed alL The next morning she S. S.,—its head being 19 miles northwesterly of this And it is further ordered. aJUndged and daeraed, Th»k tellsFanniethat^hehadconfessedall—themostpas- barber,—itsextentsoutheasterly30miles. TheAd- tbeallegationsandgroundsatsMoMiimofstidreaaes- sionateloveforthismanBoyd—thatheh«dkissed miraltychartsoftheislandsnorthoftheso-calledFro- tivecoBtestantsaneachaadallaatras.sure guarantee that this invention will not be abused. A literaryFalcohis) U the thing which now Araws better than misunderstanding between our repressntativethe Oovemmeiit at Jeddo, or tlieir represantaUrea andjournal says that between the principal boxes there will also be a telegraphic communication,anytliing In London.There is one part of the dialogue Which tells yerywell just at present It is where the Queen of Spainis constantly reminded by her stately Court Duennaour Government at Washington. I-SHI-YA. THE PENSION OFFICEher and put ids arm around her waist, but tiiat there wasnoitdng In it [Here Mr. Miller read the narra-H. C. BLACK Conntr Judge aad b-OOcfo Probate Judge. -Dated Oct. 8, MO.Out of tha litrge number of witaesses who appearsland it thereupon embroiders the followingsup-bisher Strait are very imperfectTuesday, Aug. 21, 1860, was a day long to b« re-posed conversation between opposite boxes " Cora, the bell rings."" Honsieur, who are you 1"" A noble American."tion of Fannie Burch on this and the point,At 7 o'clock on the afternoon ot that day, I stood upon the northern shores of Uie so-New nobility. " I lore you.""ae^ and Hon. Saji-Ipositionina ccnnptnled Mr. BaoBaaiox to tbe field,I did not ask yon that, you do not understand. Toar position in the world ?"Empress Eoosins. AU the flnnkeylsm 4,(94. paidof enticing her from the path of she I followed Uie northern coast of said duty, althoughUniL CoL A. A. SsLOVSB, Wa. M. Lasr, Hsajua Woaun, u^nown ofonlyiMOtXiironeleginthisbox." Sapriiti:! What a dull American.great-eneiay. yards of ribbon to an Empress at and of Of the 169 who were on ths roll ef 1859, 78 havematter was never after alluded to by Mr. Burch—he had never after that Sunday supposed her t) have t>een cullty of criminality with Boyd. This showed thatfantastic teicks which Nature was playing (refraction) mlRht lead ms Into error. Westerly and northerly ofwitb Ills hajuiwriting.I maka these expianatkms saMy to oorract thaandor understand the great time made saw over them after the ceremonies at Washington wereformerlyCallfomla Legislature,are,he mightsuBuion, wen such things possible, the of poor ghostalsivya i*,man of the Inflnenea .of H. d> Boihbchud, and is the best in Paris. thewithoiizationwasgrantedwithouthesitation. TheGrandOperaghreato-nightthefirstrepre- The new speculation la incorporated under the sentation of a new grand ballet, of which the name of the Society of Acclimation, and although music is by OrrxKBACH, (the author of Orphie its declared object is utility in tlte accHmation of aux Enferi, director of the Bouffes Parisiens,) the aidnials and plants foreign to France and useful to dance by Mmc. Taoliobi. (the famous,) and thebodies" with a leettle very pardonable not-at-If she can keep ahead of the wild hunt of bafiled tourists and reporters." now boasts Mme. TussACD's Chamber of Horrors"the addltioB ot Muluhs, BoasALiiio and King Joas. The first two are said to be very like. Mr. J. LvsTia O'Biiaax and Dr. Gkat, of the Fretman't Journal,asDknerdtfaogrcal year hare been prepared with that view, THE BUKCH DITORCB CASE.From Oar Special OorrespoBdent. Napibvius, lit, Wednesday, Dee. 6, 1880.strange that the strongest motive movedhim. WasThe Dm Gt««t Ciate Aiaia.pantomime by H. Dx SAiNT-GxoBax. The Emperor andthe Court will be present. On Monday next an- other new piece, of which H. OrrxHBAOB is the author, will be produced at the Opera Comique. Itls entitled Le Rot Barckouk. Orphic aux En-hearts, and the affections of the fiishionable world, ftrs still continues its extraordinary success at and the crowds that daily congregate at one franc the Bouffes, where it is now at its 305th represen-different confessions, made to differentnun, tlM project has l>een executed with an eye toas well, and to the realization especiallypWameoflwkolesome dividends.Y—Moasnia Ssssios.Mr. Miller proceeded with his summing np forBurch to herspondenee with Dr. Patterson, and the letter to Mrs.the Zoological Gulden of the Bois de Bologne has penetrated themperor for French malls to be sent via Galway and St Johns. In the meantime, theTliomas Buroh andMr. Valentine—placing great em-Th« speciilativin is a success;NapolxohIII. about asubsidya bead in its picturesque walks and among its cackling hens and quacking dncks, is prodigious. That other ra&ort of the Bois, the Pre Catalan, is deserted. Its owner, H. Bib, an active, intelli- gent, and worthy man, is now in the prison of Clfchy for debt, while his thousands of lovely flow- ers are drooping their heads at the heartlessness oftation.M. Fblicikn David, the well-known musicalcomposer, has just been allowed an annual pen- sion from the Emperor's private purse of $4S0.^ It will do for certain other journals we might name in New-York to clutch at political canaria with great avidity, in order to give a little spice to their columns, but that the Tiuxs should permit such a voltUiU in its columns is quite unnecessary. Thus you have permitted a correspondent to fill two columns of your paper with disunion alarms,SsissoH, tliefickle aad capricious world of fashion Un-:but thewhat transpired in that room. BSiss Fannie Biuch hadThe Zoological Garden contains about thirtyacre* of ground, tastefully laid out in winding based upon a report that a secret agent had sound-ing with Blrs. Burch a long time, and Mrs. Bureh told Japnoeae The Embassy to the United her that at that time she gave Stuart a letter. Ithighly probaUa that apaths, with rivers, islands and mountains in minis-ed Louis Napolson on the subject of secession, and that His Majesty was not only with the South, but that he had agreed to famish men and moneymustberememberedthat all these interviews tookafter Mrs. Burch had been warned by Mrs. Far- place Missnam. After she had received the letter from Spaulding. After she knew of the dangerous charac-as to the guilt or Innocence of the defendantWascIamrpruideednltabothHouses. uIfpothnisclaiTmrehaas*ury,wBIba anyaiailla.tun, which not only giTe a picturesque effect tothe Garden, but afford a natural residence to thediffeiaot animals. The number of animals and in the contingency of a civil war. Now we knowFrom Our Own Correspondent. EAN48AWA, Thursday, Sept. 6, 1860.weThe occasion of the of meetingMr. Bureh to be accused of a to pull down conspiracyLis own house, to destroy his family upon which he hjul'devoled the larger part of liis fortune ? The ob- ject 'of the letter to Mr. Pruyn was not to traduce his wife, but to Inform the relative of his wife of the causesofhisaction, itpainedMr.Burchtoseethisbird* already collected is more than a thousand. and new additions, tlianks to the large receipts ofare coming in every day. The collec-outfortheworldtoread.thetion already embraces nearly or quite the entireunnecessaryevidencespread heIt Mr. Burch had not sent his wife home aswould have been accused of not treating bis wife aswidelysettledIt, aidtbak^(Bciety,Japanese Embassy in the AUantic States. No one Mrs. Burch walked for a time with Stuart on ths longdid, hethe of the receiptfab^andextraordinary beauty.In thistestimonyofDavidStuart,ofBurrill—ofMurfey,who awardedtothewholefour. Themote than the {HodnctiveThe Court adjourned for recess.THE HAXIi ARCTIC EXPEDITION.»nimiilii and birds, classed underIf he believedgullly.series ofthe three heads; Auxiliary to man, (beasts of bindeiM) Alimmtary, and Ornamental. Of the lat-foreignand those;7 ontane^SU comprise only a limited number of- are also limiMw manyalimentary,purelyanimals ofcoUoctionarefound twolophophores,whichhaveTbe evidence for the defisnce stood alone on the to this one claimant four times as much as Mi^igrown inBnt will this attempt of the Society of Acclima-but the writer forgets,per-and the China silk-worm.But there could be notliing more melancholythan the aspect of these animals in their new resi- dence In the Bois de Bologne. Among those» return of the young ladles iiirs. Burch exertod herselftioa be. crowned with success ?which speaks of this collection of iinima)« as " our infeajor brothers," says that at least the marmotto have the house as if she had retired appearbe no escape.I have beenthooght harsh and male-thesJiiaeathe Princess—Madame Cilists and H, Fiohth. Neither of them, of course, speak English at all per-gave It so cordial a welcome, as the benefit which those composing it may derive from having their eyes opened to the of civilization, not bewithoutits value. Had the demonstrationhere, we are convinced that they would nave come home with a much better opinion of the good sense ahti dignity of the American people than they now will. Neither they, nor their Government, will beInierview with Mrs. Burch £a the he library,;from distant latitudes there is not one who does not droop with home-sickness, who does not seem to protest wiih bis languid and restlessoverDiNOTon says that he lias not experienced its equal inMcGltvit, of San Francisco, it makes mebroughtthatJias swepttheseresiduary Pmam, Esq., wlK) had previously done business for Mr. Baonsaicx, **^speciesEurope.AcommitteeofCongresswillnnri,i,<i« theThe public curiosity must be satisfied, aad ttar* willA gravejournal,at present,) and this country is to be the only Empress Eageaic and the Napoleon Hoax gainer from the pleasure trip, which our Governmentearly. MUs Fannie Biuch on her return goes to wake hercollection looks either at home or contented in hisnewresidence. Thegoatsontheartificialmoun-tains of rocks, the ducks in their artificial lakes,and the ostriches in their handsome inclosures of and the youthful parts which slie still manages to per- gram and tree, gaze at you with an artificial and form are something wijnderful to those unacquaintedbeingmatch,"scene as thatclironieled in all the city papers. The other day unerring rifle of melodramatic revenge, long may shewhale line. In tills boat were two daring souls, cheer-heart-rendingjastmeraries, aidore her. Long mayshe liveto point theand, indeed f,irulshed conclusive evidence that them as long as their curiosity had been gratified, and thty boa commtttea it He cited the opinion of CtUef!" " sL" Tes, yah,at theTic, tic, tic—" Here you are. Sir." With the telegraphthe prcmpter will warn the actor in his dessing roomthat it is time to come on, the actor in turn mayput himself in communication with the chief of I would die for you," exclaimed the French actor, onTourKing;was satisfied tliat Us wife had and eighty years before.not been guilty with Boyd, his mind was agonized by giantsTioldIng up the sky. My eyes felt charinedwhat had transpired. Why did Mrs. Burch hesitate to what was bSSre me. l/ever old I foel so spellbound nu, Fvanr, Sx-Lieatenant-Govemor of Callfomia i w rite the letter to Boyd ? The letter accused Boyd to a spot ss that whereon I stood. Wrth my spy.gla« CoL JOHATBAH D. STBVSBSOB, RIOHABD M. SHOWBal^:correspon- dence with Boyd and Mrs. Burch, resulting from let-membered by me.as aand attained somecelebrity as such, able tosince I appreciate"MonnODofmyheartyomareveryyooBf." towUiper,••ToorHsjssty,"asIfaoet- %AIT4M**0perDie badbatashte pierioaadayInttoeldrvieawaythisgStnait, sought with" Faaale,The noUe American attamptosomepoetryabout dealsUr,iaherear.and referred him to Hrand Mrs. Fainam. Thea for the tatilme Mr. Bardi „l?*"""Iwert^ruptsVtettontohlamladofthefVtWBiwifis."awaitsat the door."Empress.B» was to after her.iiluriaK (be last Iscal rear tsT. OftheVavTllst—.fLUT Whe>r9^lgghht be bymy StraHtilp.TourcarrUgeyouhxsh- Bothera wa« a iinll| iiiiMrtHliii by an anxious cmvd. IkaavatteDtloa^theM^oMMMio«^^essed.cw" / ?" Afy / my you say myThere are MlBvalld(,reqidrlat aadorpjtaaa, reoolr-Ifentered," to conduct yoa to Yes, your—koteL"fiS'. she bad bMBmiles hi£d^:iLSlM'^^««g|-^ l^"^yewr Champ Elysdes,. right haad side."M.nna pbossaeddbare seen (tld<lyULandi^ildi^her•es oriiM^vm l#in that she" Situated where V •'tog:" Bourn !" What luckvaildsTotal ouaiber of widows, Jm«lthat one hundred tflame, givteg forth gnrevatehretahtebluet„l?eiirJb^V^«uJ7iJj3*l£that a good many round, substantial lies must be overlooked in election times, but when to these two qualities you add those of absurd and improb- able, you have the exact atalui of this one. There not only has been no agent here, but any agent with such a mission could never enter the palace door. Louis NAPOLKOir not only has no sympathy with American SUvery, but more than that, he is not the man to meddle with the private and inter- nal affairs of a Foreign State. The probability is that he thinks but little about the question one way or the other.evening,arrived bam the Hiiaalaya mountains, and which are called, from their great beauty of plu-whfls{o<j less and less, till now a great minority are doing noth- fifty auluials, embracing the most valuable species. rank in the Piedmontese reorganization.Speeial attention is being paid to the China sUk- The French, like the English journals, are all ing at all, and business is in a worse and more un-gross told in the most friendly way, that I and oOien 1jn^has been perpetrated upon the Treasury.the gcddeo bird. The attention of the sci«i-tific BMD attached to the Garden, at the head ofwhbm is H. Albxzt Geotfbot St. Hilaibk, ispaitieQlariy directed to the silk-worm and thealpaca. Ofthefirstthereisalargecollection,em-bracing four species, indicated by the four speciesof tree which surround their habitation—the mul- Paris, has been serving during the last part of the be^, the palma chriati, the ailante, and the oak ; campaign, under Gaxibaxdi, as a Captain, al-a gambler by his own confes- sion. And then came Burrill—eridenUy Stuart'sdone Injustice to Mr. Fion. That he is aHgHymage^'dancer,many years ago. Nearly twenty yearsher dance, and was, I remember, much offended by the fact that her clothing, seen during the twirls of the mazy pirouette, appeared to be of somewhat dingy hue. Celeste is a thorough Frenchwoman in herHori,"How many931,000, and I adore you, on the Jionor of a Ilnslnuating tones. "I have some beautiful cambricme." what Is the next article ?" Fancy the " — likewhere 1 stood (distance approximate eighty-dollars of ineonie have yon V "asking an Imperial customer, Is thereanythingabominablethe appear- The ealnmay ttat his sigmtore waaMormon." handkerchiefs costusdouble ;3,204She looks as if she were on a short aliow- ance of water, a pint and a half for tea, soup andwerenia. On the will being offered there for probate. Ustoilette.theyforwarded,unier hiscertificate,toCalifor-waghiDg;investtgatfmiBank in one ot its courts and set fire be a long-lost Adelphi bride, or find a still longer lost piled upwas had of toletoff thelargesurplusJustice Shaw in eupport of this point Independent the menit aboardtheGeorgeHenry. Alandingupon drew J. ButTer,and on the written giounds of opposition,theto a amaU- mountain of bUls amounting to ninely three-act child amid the tears and plaudits of a weep-anopportunityexcitable matter that had been accumulating ever since the Cable Celebration. We have little ne-ws ofofanyotherevidenceinthecase,heclaimedthatthiscould not be effected, but finally the boat drifted un- htirein respectivaly filed by JUlen Jans Brown and John der die bowsprit of the wrecked Rescue, from which Brr.wn, by Lucy Brown, by Wiliiait Brodsrtok aadmiiliom of francs ! They were bills too much ing audience. The romance of her life is at least asthat the had been committed In the BurcQ— adulteryall the white men of the Island were and in ultimatelyBobert John McOoniieU and David Cul- Broderiek, by Ityl>ert. and on the issnes cbereby Joinad ia thlii(;sart,aDd the trial having been duly cuutinned from time to time until the 6th day of October, A. D. I860, and tbe oral aad documentary evidence of the respscttve parties harinc been concluded, and tbe same on ths said 6th day or October having t»een duly sabsBltted to tlis Conn far decision and huai order; and the Court haviag duly considered ttie same, and it appearing to the Court, on due pi oof made that notice of the hearing of said appli- cation was duly given according to the statute in suchvsedtoputincirculationasecondtime. Theau-todafimen were called in to superintend the operation. We do not know what were the imprassions of these firemen, condemned to such a punishment—importancein evidence—and the effect that shouldgieveanllowed those confessions. They were of thelasted more than an hour, and several Qre-generosity—they having visited ber just before the commence- ment of the gale.i> their we shsuld have shed tears place,put•novgh to put out the fire.Into a second Desima.A beautiful wooded bluff, just the other side of thisand that the same was dulj continued, from time to time, nntilthis day, and the tas-The great yawning, ugly hole the authorities are maUag in the Boulevard tor the Grand Opera is aboot finished. The Bue Basse du Bempart isis deservedly much admired In his performance of "ditch, that overlooks the bay, and a most cliarming place for residences, is much coveted by the mer- chants, who are now crowded together on a narrow beach, backed by a swamp. But since It Is beyond tho canal which is to shut them in, it wUl no doubt be a long time before the Japanese ^iU consent to for- eigners occupying it The great thoroughfares lead-would blast her and the of her reputation reputationctiildren, but those same reasons operated upon Mrs.Burch to rei>train her from making the confessions,anu she could not have made them if she had notbetn The Courts would not admit confessions guilty.a« a ground ot divorce, aside from other proof; but where it was shown that there was no collusisn be- twetn ti>e parties, the confession alone was sufficient gi oil lid. I'nis was to prevent the divorce from oeing procured at the will of the parties. [A number .of authorities n as cited on this point!consists of Mr. SiiEST and Mr. Smith, of New-Lon- don, and Kua-JCE-si, an intelligent Esquimaux geogra-ef each ritness baviog been rsdnoed to vrlting and signed by him, and duly filed with the documeatBryand thatfor the new constructions will be also covered, sothat when the improvements are entirely finished this slagnlarly placed street will no longer exist butit derived its name. The new opera bouse to be built here is going to have for motto, " Bee theend die." That is to say, it is toOpera surpassevery^Qdngof the kind in existence. Among other innovatirais theivf'.lrill be an abuse of the electrictile,thetremulous and plaintive voiee, and altogether a man- ner that no British father would like in the music- master chosen by his better-half for Rosa Matilda or Mary Jane.nearly suppressed,partofit notrequiredinhistory. Onreaching this harbor, oiu Winter quarters. It wastheand; attestingPhillips, duly witnessed and attested ths said exeentioait stood thebniU by Loria XIV., and from this circumstancerampartof the townIt appeared that upon one SabbathBurch was complaining of the attention the young la- dies were receiving irom these Boyds; he was saying that tlie Boyds were too much at his bouse, and that their vuits were attracting too much attention—their coiisiautattendancewae attention he;17 when we arrived here—just one month too late to start on my voyage. Yet as I predicted, navi- gation has not been so free from ice for yean as this season. Could 1 have organized a proper company, 1 should have pushed on, late as It was. But the Es-;things,I524Tbsosom Hook from grave to gay again. The more On this same monstrous hole ia the Boulevard, Yah Haas ihonld keep denylag Us imperial identity,14 Under the Act of each, making Sept38, 1890.:servant, to Mr. Farnam,morntngl; ting nptbe King of Fishes. Seaaasar,Tou're an angel, C^ra 1"new eetabliafament o( the Boia de and on the side 9[ the Opera next the Hadelelne, the more would the excited bystanders kd^ on severt Warrants for IfiO acres each, makinghave down a stronger womas. That error (that he has made. Tol. 1, page 496, heveiychannmgBoom one suggested theBum taw it* golden side, at once, and to secure<rf which, howereT, he took has fallen into such disrepnte with the Americans, come. Horrid Mayors have read to her their detesta- jofatatocli company, * boiled good 'care to retain the most of the shares. that if some American will take the new hotel and ble addresses. Auld Reekie" was la an over-niere was a want of just such a show, there conduct it on n system agreeable to his country- haggis of ferment and agitation. At one or two placesnear she manajred to avoid the Scotch when the project is fathered by a men, he may make a ready fortune. The location " Edinburgh "1amendatery acts6.4S0 Warrants for 100 acres each, makbur418 Warrants for 120 aeies each, making 30 Warrants fer 80 acres each, making4 Warrants for SO acres7 Warrants for 40 acres saoh, making 180 1 Warrant for revolutionary serrloes, onderbrought writ- " Mrs. BurchmadetheTbewbalehssaaexternalear,norcaaaaminding what tie said, and straggling to obtain a nearerpeepoftheimperialnose.As for la belU I if siie came over Enassxa, pity^er,to England and Scotland to obtain a little repo.^. AU tke tntboilties and the public in the shape of a the Hotel du Grand Opera. The Hotel du Louvre York was astir to plague her with unpleasant wel-46Under the Act of MarchMO Monday morning —ternoon, having written the second confession sklnlsremovad." Itl^bM'lhat Iba wkalalSUaaBtiogua.project^the the brothen Pereire, who built and own the Hoteldu Louvre, are going to build another monsteracres each, maklBK S, IBM,andMr. Stitxhsou, of Nashville, Tenn., the able tries, has undergone no change whatever since President of the Pacific Railroad, that is to say, the their Embassy lelt here, with the treaty care- road commencing at Shreeveport on the line be- fully boxed to carry to Washington for rat- tween Louisiana and Texas, and running West ification. The export trade of the country, it maynot } et having found the permanent home that he800 miles, is now here obtaining money for the beschooled pupil, and finally Stuart himself—the chief hoBorable man, Ac. 'Well, how can tha <|aaaliaaha of them—who. in spite of his theatrical maimer, had settled, and hla character vtndleatad, nnlaas all Iha contradicted tilmseif on the stand in relaUtm to the facts an brouglit out T If he eaanot induce tha Pxa^ letter delivered to him at the Court-house. Then taketbe Impeachment of Stuart by who swears that Joy,Stuart told bim that he had the original letter of Mrs.who might call. It was that same hat and his statement, he chinged with as much posiUveness under a cloud of saqpidoa, irtilch the dash ofasserted at first Was not Stuart's whole agaa ind his hat want warnungf Could he not manner studied, and his action the result of his pre- mlg^t remove.road. He has been very successfuLA son of Mr. Spxhckb, American Consul atsaid, Government,entirelyand so successful hasexcused herself for not going t)ecauae her mottier didnot wish her to see so much Mrs. Burch company.dent's organs to vindicate liim l>y publidiing aS fimthe second there is a magnificent flock of though not yet of age. He hopes to retain his treaty obligations, that our merchants have besn doingcloak that had nearlydiscovered them before, as he hadwonn, which feeds on the ailunte, and is infinitelyrejoicing at the election of Mr. Lufcour. MALAEorr.IiONDON CiOSSIP.satisfactory state, if possible, than when I last wrote you. If, then, our commercial Interests with Japan are to sustain no improvement as a result of the late Embassy's visit to the United States, (which Is thean apraientreason for It, not that it wasa rainy even- ing an' Stuart said, but that both these parties desired to conceal from their friends their intunscy, Stuartba yaU. lajrtiijFrench Ezponenta of the British Drama—The —BUacelIaae«ns<prospectvolent In tbe exposure I hare made of flds aAir. fifteen or twenty minutes alter, and she seems to be The Schaaaar Reacne aad the ExpeditlaB Well, I now insist tipon the rindlcatkm of Mr. Fiao,will be acclimatizedhaps,thattheanimalisanativeofSavoy,andthatbefore annexing the animnT they annexed thecoolitry. Weiiavejustroomfordoubtthatthesuccaaa will extend beyond, perhaps, half a dozenanimals, which embrace, however, fortunately,two.'of the most important of the whole collection, tor and actress—one at the Lyceum and the other at theless, that our Government at WashingtonIt is a curiousthing.that two of theprincipalC^pt. Hall, ThenextinterviewwasonNew-Year'sday,when ditionwhichbearshisname,tiaswrittentheExpe- followingThe Broderiek Win—Note trmm Oea. WmtesfEsf.To the Editor of Ike HeraldIn your allusion, tliis morning, to Senator BsOB-iBicK'a will, in the course of an article on the lata caseofMcLLiaAK,youerroneouslystatetintthewillfectly.Madame's" jargon, however, does perfectlymet before oncasun when Stuart attempted to kiss Miss Fanny Bureh, end rudely kissed Miss Spaulding's arm. Mrs. Burch endeavored to keep these facts from Mr. Burch's knowledge, pn one of these occasions Mrs.Lat. 52"""> 04' 45° West. )From OnrlOwn Oorrespond^nt.IronDiscareredySc-c,lett« to HiKBTbut the circumstance which it narrates will indicate the time at which it was written with sufficient cer- tainty:OirBoAxsBaei"GioxeaHivbt," ibetlioseofMr.FactsorMr.Blaos,asis aliiigsil.arof "British" representatives theStuart went behind the orange tiee, and Stuart saysthai perhaps, as an act of gaUantry, he may have ki-seu her hand. The next occasion was when Stuart called when Mr. and Mrs. Nelf were there, and al- though Stuart had a few moments previously had aGuinixu., Esq.It is withoutLoHi>ON, Saturday,Nov. 1690. 24,the Commander of the Arcticdrama, or melodra- two hundred years ago. We are glad, never- ma. In London at this moment, should be a French ac-date,well for the style of characters which she assumes,which are generally written expressly for her, when"not adapted"fromtheFrench. MadameCklbstiis"nowofavery pronotmcedage." Shefirstcameoutstopped— DiAB Sifiwill begin withWe Thisisanerror. Thewillbearsdateonthebut she knows how to put on herbut after anthe following decision was rendered by the CourtStill, CsLSaTs is^n excellent creature, much twloved of those under her management, charitable, generous, and fall of the sort of Eentiment which she so well renders on the stage. Poor ballet-girls, with short coughs, seamstresse.s out- at-ell>ows, poverty-stricken playwrigiits, and supernu-had an appointment to meet, which was across the harbor,tillbrought upremarkable as some of her plots. Her confidence andin real life have, it is said, been deeply andcruelly abused. She is still an immense favorite vriththe admirers of her particular style of acting. Thoughnot exactly an evergreen, there is grace about thewitiiered fiowers of the old Frenchwoman which fewEnglish actresses of the present day can rival or excel. eept by means of bridges, and convening the townM. FioHTis, a kind of Anglo-German French actor,There were some ten natives (Esqui- sider iiKiepeudei.tiy the confessions that had been maux) who bad been landed there from the GeorgianaViCToa Hdoo'8 adapted play of Ruy Bias." Thetimony"Spanish Jeames"ofthechivalrousdaysofoldCas-aad traveling with his nu-Ii-an-a (wife) 'TD-Hnx- ns-uis. To this 1 only wish to add one more Esqui- maux.Rest assured, my dear Mr. G., that, God willing, I will accomplish something before I return that snail be for the benefit of mankind.with a soul aboveaifections of a Queen, is remarkably well representedbygentleman,with a a slight foreign accent,plush,aspires only to thewhothehighly appreciated in Mr. FALCOifxa'a drama of Ruy the only one in which women are allowed to makeThere is, however, no doubt that M. FicHTxa is "tlirongedwomen, makingpilgrim-Bias," which the play-bill informs us, in small let- ters and in the least conspicuous manner, is adapted from a play of one Victor Hcgo. Who "weUtheircUmate—could induce them to undertakeof said will :all of tke aUegatiom andgrmmdt of^potitio» «^ Midis he? Ah!"had cautioned them from coming. Mrs. Burch said, their seas Nothing '.the relation to said deoe-said a lady near me, " there is noUiing like a foreign-er for making love. They have so much more ex doing so by the Government, but he has overcomeWdy, father, they have stopped now," and she such a so late in the season,ladies and askedthough perfectiy dent by them allegedpresslon."grimac-appearingSnobUaa begaHed itself with othsr The whole aoaibcr of army the eUoa, thed^^AatOieBaperorabebadrlstled uslaoofBlle. AtAPatMid-tbemlssad team told what abe .wasaoarlsedoflheeireumMaMnHft'aarriedoon-Thea Mr. M^t^MHM ButchsooghtanloterTle1glrltl^btt:wtfi^ He.calledwrapped upIn acloak,aBd onewere set aSoat,Total amouot the paidthoughtM tbooghtthehadwhisperwithout aheulon on his head, sack a delicious hoax as would Under the Mexican War Act of Feb. 1 1 ,ThewireoughttotransmitAmItoconsideryourblushesasanafiirma- coulddrawdowntheslightestpunishmentorrepra- thTebyeanruemnbdeirngofSebpotonSo^,l1a88n0d,warsranstfsolIlsoswused:: 80been [Casesweredtedto betnyed.home" of a fib told stylepast yearagaliist parties making fraudulent claimsDublin, have just had aninterview with the Ewhen Mr. Bureh, Mn. Thomas Bureh and Miss Fan- Inquiry as to the cause of the loss of the ConnaugU nie Burch were at B urllngton, and the evidence as to continues at Greenwich, as does also the case of Miss Stuart's visits to Mrs. Burch at that time. Stuart modem Portia, of whom I told you in stayed an hour and a half alone with Mrs. Bisreh on my la'st It U said that Atlantic Royal Steamship that occasion. Another morning Stnart called and Shares have gone up tOKlay, owing to the reported bad a similar Interview with Mrs. when theisof her guUt, on the part of ths writer.! Tnese letters thatwere the outpoeting of her heart Was she in-sane when she wrote thsmt When stie was They are here In great foree, and^'^4|ti|g i sleopoakriantgedbhaecrkfrtoom hCehrihcoagmoe tovWerastshee icnhsansemwhtheant frt)m the anxiouB faces they wear, 1 '^k'*^}* jshe was asking for forgiveness ? She was never more qnhesltathigly Uiat they have'no very saagulae hope of sane in her life. These confessions were the outpour- Immediate success. There is evldenar a screwflirtation of the Emperor with Messrs. G»iv andingsO'Han testifies devoting himself to be the financial CurUiis of Aus- when the parlor door was partly open, and heard Mrs.O'BzixHS. Mr. Livia, M. P., on the other hand,exfaaaMed state of tha but this cannot be tha tma reason. Be-tria, and is leaping into a gulf equal to any bog which Ireland can t>oast.FROai JAPAN.Burch saywords to that effectLook at her handwriting—it was In a steadyThe State •t Trade—Illiberal Coarse of thebefore Congress meets, as it Ismotion to repesl the joint resolution mi&r wlild thewhy is It not carried to tbe Court of Claimat Oa- GsooT not merely sets op an equitable, bgt a lagrt. claim. ThenbyallmeansletIt beadjudicatedha^ fore the tribunal especially set apart for Ihe pdrpoaSb Two Secretaries have examined it, aad hare diifeiadtheit been intold the girl to fay to a visitor who had caUed, thatikcts, aad if Us oficlal dignity will not permit a par-Bythe mail that came in lastter of theStuart and Mrs. Burch, when the latter beckoned the former to come down from his office, and when, after eluding the vigilance of her niece,—States, dkc. _^^^^claim b made theare In reception of a file of your semi- weeklies, giving the first account that has reached us of the arrival of theIntimacy.can possibly be more interested than onrsslves in theresults to both countries that has beengood hopedwould follow the late Interchange of messages of peace and good will between them.We have our doubts, however, whether they will b3 very Immediate or apparent The tUiberai course that has been pursued by the Japanese from the very first. In their commercial relations with foreign coun-avenue. Would a virtuous woman have ever been seen in the society of that man again, if she had had athe evening of the meeting of the Hlsforicai Society^ when Stuart is said to have called, and failed to accomplish his purpose. It was at- tempted to disprove Mrs. Burch's confession by the testimony of Long, (Stuart's Clerk,) and Peck-Long's trieud,)(them all the evening, after they had made a call on the Misses Barry. But those witnesses left Stuart sufficient time, before the card playlitg commenced, to have gone to Mr. Burch's house and made a call. The ofiZii was not proven bv soy reliable testimony, except that of Stuart and Bunill. On another occa- sion Stuart caUed and had an interview with Mrs.she wasMr. Miller read a portion of Dr. Pattorson's reply towho them free passes over their roads, and our merchintschooner Rttcue of the memorable United States Bkodxkick in that body for I'nited States Senator dur-closed. Our railroad corporations, too,gaveto know that the meanest official in the Embassylooked down them as below them in 1 upon infinitelyllie occasion of Mr. Farnam's diimer party was The brig Georgiana parted one of her anchors, and evidently one when Stuart and Mrs. Burch shot like an arrow, though dragging another anchor,;placewhen riding on horseback or in carriages. But was at the Mission School unless informed by Mrs. Iwas the Rescue, already pounalng, she having dragged her anchor along with her. The crew of the Georgiana escaped from their craft by means of a spar runidng from her larboard side out on the rocks.SiPTiiiBaR Txax, Oct 8, isn, Preseni, Hon. M. 1. ulabi, i^obate Judge.In the Matter of ttit E»tate of David C, Srodert'k, de- ceased,—In Ihe matter of the application of John A. Mo- tile nn and Andrew J. Butler for the probate of tbe lastrTT.^.... AU of whom have been added this yeacta...f-the time that this reaches the Em- Burch? Could Stuart pretend that Mr. Burch knewyou Japanesebassy will be among the things that were, affording no that every ehuit was made to conceal the knowledgelonger subjects for gossip or illustrations for the Iruin him ? The ttsiimony of Boyd showed that he newspapers. We presume, also, our people will not ai-d Mrs. Burch had goite to the very verge of adul-by'of ihese circumstances when the evidence showedcare after it is all over, what the orientals t.'iough-. of tt I y,fully guiding it to the island, for the object of bringing triBlon the petition of said John A Mc^lynn and An-tocommunicate. Thegreattopicsofthe day are the stagnation of trade, and the uitch 120 feet wide by 30 deep that the Japanese Govejnmeot aretruth rescued'.settlement of Yokahama— cutting off all communication with the main land, ex-boat is also a to- ial wreck, it having beendashed upon the same reef as the Bttcue. Though this is a terrible blow to my was nut guilty. The strongest motives existed fot voyage, yet 1 have luready completed arrangementsnot conieb.-ing whtn the confession was not true. It by which I prosecute it next season, on the opening would be urged that the verdict against the defendant of navigation. My company, so far as organized,diggingaround theforeignmost character, were made convincing provided theyI to add that regretmy expeditionthe most celebrated sacred moun- tain in Japan, as there are several of them, areI wrote you on tho point of leaving Holsteinborg— and testament and tbkt it was execated ia all head vvinds, fogs and calms, made It very late before particulars as required by lav; and that atingtoFugl Yfama,time of tbe execution of the same, tbe sail Broderiek was of sound and disposing miad, aad not nndei restraint undue infiaeaoe or tnudnlaat lepre- eentation tint said witaesses, Hoff andwith men andagetoIt. Thisyearistheendofacyclevf60, andeveningMr.Aug.this pilgrimage. Mr. Alcoe, the British Minis- ter, stalls to-day to pay ,thls mountain a visit There were some objections raised at first to hisexciting publicunderstandIts seasons—conttstants are untrue, tuA no proof having been olfered by any of satd coatastants, sbowing or tsnd-them, and will be the firsta visit to the matchless mountain ofiis, whose death the American public has been la-well. He has ef a (igh, " Englishmen don't understand just had a very satisfactory audience with the Em-tbe said estate or will, or matters heretmtoAll this time M. 'ing, sighing like a furnace, rolling his eyes and press-foreignerpaid Mr. IIae-ladies refused tomen of experience here North.Fsohtib wasing bis fat little hands on the left side of his thorax in menting of late, assured me by a note that I have justanda responsive exhalation from her bosom, a sort of Au-quiteperor, which was followed by a dinner from theown wife had concealed the intimacy from him. The next day he has an in-Merer,) down to the north coast of Meta Incognita, of Frobisher.tumnalmaking leve like that." " Ah my Queen,first time he learns tiiat tilswas executed by him, and attestsd dulygustPrimethat the sameI have now announced to you tliat my discoveries byithe said.witnes8«s. at the hubs time, in all respects ao-both his knees, at that moment, looking to me—to exist between our representative and the Japanese Government Appearances are deceptive, however,andas asweseeno longbs, comes out of the room and says, *' they are Strait Is a myth. Nearly ail aUases, charts, globes, Tni thS same is, hereby to ths iSown—supremely funny;in therestrictive policy of the Japanese, In regard to trade before men-northofFrobisher andtbevarehereby exoeatorsofsaidlastwtll appoinud!I lofyou. Minister. The must perfect understanding aetma now terview with his wife just before dinner, Minnie have already been such that I am satisfied Froblshsr cordlDB to Uw and that said last wiU and testament ;of the necessity of preserving strict etiquette. A Abetraet of the Report. from the FensleBQueen of Spain must not give ahns with her own OMce.hands must not unlock her own jewel-box read her From this Report we find that 190 Army invalids ;;$438,090ters directed by Mr. Burch.] Was it the mbid of a caUed Frobisher Strait Across the clear blue waters in tbe caae, but three persons, and those oaly ia tba conspirator that prompted Mr. Burch to rebuke his before me I saw Queen Eusabitb's •' Meta Incogni- character of experts, questfoned the authenticity ofown letters, even when they come from thethe trip of the Amoimt them, 61.teUlng tof the United fact Is Kingdom has been on the tlp-tos o f Tha'.lntarsstlngthat oneexpectation since the arrival of the Empress amongst Pensioner from Mains' receives (20 per annua, ^nd " I am rather cramped for the moment. I have us in so unexpected and onceremanlous a manner. also that these rensrable, heroic and poorly-paid pat-knew ttiat she was a williair victim, if she was a vic- Its awuntsins, I beheW, were united to the inain land and other well known gentlemen liigfa staadlag. tim. But Mr. Burch's coofidence In his wlfe'was re- on which I stood. This did not seem possible. But who were most Intimate with Mr. Baonauck,aad wml stored by her course In uie Boyd matter; and that ifav views made it so, and yet the distance and the acquainted, not only with his relations toward me. batglvsaSentimental young dream of bafora their last shopmen measuring riotsarefastfaUlngRevoloMi^arycan tempt you with this t" in morningtheirmost inthewarofladspsndeaes.wantedtoIn California, where his reputation is eren worse tkamtheAh, he's a Mormon. " Mormon, yon interest or, half the usnal cost; anything in musUn collars? 66 new OSes have bean added during the past year, sadof the mostof the North.Oh, happiness is it true ?"amountpaid to this class of pensionersIs $268,712 39.most foul and damnable lie."pritost raspectftiUy against sny further em parte trial of tha"Tes, yes. "the ears of an Empress. I am sure It would be an excellent dodge, jast now, for a female sharper toUnder the acts sad granting payto vrldowsof " Your confi- duty."caseinstatements of a person like Wh. Mullisas.What's your age ?"pensions1 enticed you from the pathsdence has been abused by some one, but not by me." That letter disclosed to the husband that there was aBixfy-one next anniversasy of the deliverance of Anwrica."and children of ofScers and soldiers of the Army sinceGEOROS WUXJMLprivllBge breathing sentences these acrosa the counter inLet your own scienre decide as to how far the charge Is true thatUons, far, this to be so. The happy oppor- tunlHr for me to make these obaerrattons inesentedtothe I saMect of Sanator Bbossbiok's will,order amount of goods to be seat to anythe been allowed 740 claims.To«l£b., Hnr-T«iS>M.i,i8M." unawares,the placeor measure to return bis wife to her friends imtll he Straitbad an end! At least, suchmoney8n Monday morning Mr. Burch received the last lettero( Mr. Boyd to Mrs. Burch, ' That 1 hare In word, In the most positire manner do they state that but Inoonclnsha, Sir, I beg to say that, thouA qidta or action, or thought abused your con6dence, is a one channel leads Into Hudson's Strait My obserra- willing to hare any proper course of inquiry directed;-,by sixreceived from him, that he was'pon hon-of 910 have been rsmoved sinse the last report Theit isRevolution, there haveHotel, in a mysterious manner, relied and with an Of this class there are new on the rolls 2,198, teqalr- cause further back than this Boyd matter iThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Clarldgs'schangenorth of Hud- and tesUmcnt and thit letters tastamaatary UNraa« The ntxtday she confesses further, 1 have been son Strait Neither Frobisher or Cumberland StraitJapan.her. The next Wednesday he learns from a friendMy observationsare as as the weather will frequentitday of September, A. D. 1860, a residsotaadUntitled Documentthe roQ—maklag Ute tottf anmber of IB-said and dldt Afononl .s.s&'S^ffi5,i':srrt2inlltr psity supposes that his secret has been de- tlM,Mt 7S slroyed. Mrs. Burch had confessed because sheabOleb this Isthmus I disei^iSlJSiiS*?^ ,j^ qnamlty, butpast year Amount required for the present rear$I,103,9«a $1,018^Maia, ofte n IMT, Ami. Uie confession, was read.] Mrs. Burch had not only traordlnary shape, ami 3>Der cent of pore Iroa. IWarrant for S Wsnants forears* orfgso ten confession to her husband and In the af- for tbe admission of sound be dlssonsnd "«hi i^is almost under the control of Burch, when the young ladles were gone. She hadchecking its normal and legitimate growth, by Inter- ferences and restrictions in direct violation ot itsshe was nut in. does Mrs. Burch m the Again bringonal bis friends should set fbtlh Us vindication, te-has given seventy-five of its officials, at an expense of a miliion or so of dollars, we do not see any great rea- sonwhywesiwuldglorysomuchlinAmerica'sbeing the first foreign Power which the Japanese have honored by sending a mission to since they dispatched the one to the Pope overasleep. But, finding that the servants knew that Stuart was there, Mrs. Burch does mention it to the youiiglaules. ButStuartwouldhavethembeUere that mere was nothing but the most perfect propriety tHtween himself and Mrs, Burch.Boat Iiost—Terrllie Gale—Comherlaad aad by sifting the case to the bottom. Let tha blasM foUFroblsher'sStraitsImafiaary—Caaland upontherightshonldenbyanmeans,wbeOiartheyadvantages mayKhsw-Gdh-mi-ooks 91' 30- North, Lon. 6ithecoasts for Bcd- years. Capt.bears date on the day before Mr, Bbosxbicx left;remained in the condition ofpenitencelast two or three days. .^> Thelobbywilldowell to gettbeir moaafi>!taa*:.kasw,down oasday sal mini andeach, makingCrstBut, It must be remembered that there was adoubt of ting neadls. and asezpaai<te aa fhmghariMtoMCfor her hilsband ! Did it not show that sheMrs. Bnrch— that he thought her letter an ad- showingresolutioh wassends lor her nelces to be in the roomwhen Mr. Burch comes heme, and Stuartmakes the ezcute that he wanted to talk Something of an idea may be formed from this factlegatee.bya member of theBurchwitn Mr. Burch about buying a house and to give him suine tickets for Mrs. Bost*let's c-jiicert. Stuart sia) s half an hour after that, and might thus easily have deceived Mr. Burch as to the ooiect of his visit. The occasiuu when Mis. Burch told Fannie Burchthe ten yearsofnavigating thesenorthernwaters. :—ExIpbeidsition,o"fwhichIwritehas Fbamklin galeutter destruction.The wind commencedtainment in the different cities to wliich they were in-vited, will wibh they bad been a llitle less enthusiasticover their Oriental guests if, when they come tt-u state ot Mrs. Burch's mind at that time, complete shipwreck of every vessel in the harbor. of the closest character, which lasted several saonths,and rich bankersrunningover with aristo-this City, acting as Commissioner, appointed by the San Francisco Pro- bate Court (counsel appearing on the other side), aadprincescracy, who contriDuted so largely to their enter- at'uut"Mr. Burch'* that aa gale on the eve of the 26th, increasing finally to a perfect hurricane,the betterw O'j. an cttulu never love in the same way but once,blowingaiid that it was weU tor Mr. Burch that Mr. Van Btni seiner uid.not live In the town with her," showednot until the evening of the 28th, making full 48 hours that we were all under the expectation of theto a reef of rocks at defeated. How did Stuart know Mr. Burch the end of a small island. Against this same islandAHD COUHTT OF BAIT rSANCISCO, STATE Ot CALITOSHIA.ciicumttaniiul evidence proved the guilt of Airs.manner uUt ged iu the complaint He wouldnow con-in s.iicerliy. it was not one case in ten thousand that coLitssiun was made of an act of which the confessor•'turned join her Ci'iiStanUyfor about Boydto the;and it not appearingto thsyoung in deuyingthat Boyd was next year. Of course my judgment gave way to these snjabatingpher,and it appearing to ths satisfaction of cbs Court from tbe prooii so takea, that 4he said document filed in thii Court on tlie2uihday ot February, A. D. Itea, purporting to be tbe last will and testament of said David C. Broderiek. deceased, wasexecutedby ttM,saidBroderiek and thut the same is hu last will iquimauxrespectiveing to show, that thty were df„ofno ing that the means that Stuart resorted to would hare era Whale Flsbeiy. Bnt I hare fooadaa ImporhSthe second confession In the presence of wltnessea. soScoaassr;) wiaUa«bw-tedMeoraie eye Is aa 1,400 The evidence was that the second confession was orifice, leading from the exteraal part af the ear 140 voluntarUy made. It would be urged that Hr. Bureh dram, wfalcb Is slUiated aboot twaire Inekas Mowpaper. the "black sUa." ThisorUoelsofthesiasaf aktfk90,160thelegitimacyofhis childt,00« Warrants In all for the aggregate quantity. »N,MO the lineaments of the seducer of his wife. It was notaspeeialActofCongress,for-. 800 the but four Indictments were;Tours, truir,one of her attendants.Afterall,thebestplaceforherwillbetheSutherlaad tothisDepartment. TheelerlcalfoieeoftheBureau truth,andthatwasthereasonwhysheafterwards CtrriifonimfofIk*Mtm-TarkTtaut:estates. Theie she will find retUement and solitude. Is to be reduced and the esttioates for the currant fis- wrote out that confession. There was no erldenoe WAsamama, Saturday, Dee. ISM,byhe searching for a lie !No—he asked her for thedid wrong to compel bis wife to sign thathe had to fear tluetahiled would have to trace In the eye of that tnaocaatber. Health aad sprits good. ^that the confessions were not voluntarily made. That I,she was insane as to what she did at that time was It has been coDfidentiy atated by the parflea la-clearly disproved by the testimony: not a cfreom- tersatad,roc« sreA past, thattha De Oraolclaka tolas'aneeweie tihnedsiecated that her mind was deranged. Here bepidd-lmmadlBtely; but Oils tttOeOoil bf^b' persons at different times. What did she say afier- made so often during tte laat foor aionlhi, that Ito waids? CHere Mr. Miller read tbe letters of Mrs. public has grown skeptteaL The rqie^ad dla^FIFTEENTH Dthe complainant He called attention to the time phasis upon the portions beUeved to be aa admission ciate the metrical aphorism bf Pon, irtieh dsdaiai.\husband, to Mrs. Farnam. the corre-poblments to whioh the tobfar fa»rabe«B'si*jmiitiil,iia this matter, must bare preparad.their Bilads to appre-down.that on another occasion she listened on the stslri,babywasbroughtMargaretning told her, " Don't rou write any more letters."on account ef the" I am tired oh, I am tired," or ; doa't,True, Margaret went away andtestified that she saw Stuart at the Court-house, talk-Bridge !heard !hand—stronger than confessions The friends mightbe blamed for exposhig these letters. But, If she had • employes of the Ooverament In Oils clty4ariag ihaBurch,of a heart burdened with ber own -Mr. Cor- guiltlapse somewhere. Itispretei>dedtbatthemoneylSBataet»Was she Insane her toally paidTreasurysides the dlsbutaemeats elsewhere, at leatt a huadnd and fifty thousand dollars have been paid oat to thaWhenwHbre.»4hey brotuoglhdther whaStusphenshiaodn Corning;thatwas in this villain's power T The next occasion was mission of guilt It was not until long after that, that another equitable settlement with oiu of thesjjdaali-regardjointgotthroughbody, authotlatagthat Stuart was cards with playingbad bad no for two years—and of Col. employmentCarpenter,avagrantlawyer,whoturnedupin New- Orleans, Covington, and last from Arkansas—evident-consequence M^.lydeserves to have—Burch. The whole tiling showed that the letter washat and cloak of Mr. Stuart irom the vestibule into the a forgery. What was the case that required such a feneeinsomeform. It is a shame tohall, to remove it from the obsfrvatioa of any one forgery to sustain it f So when Stuart came to change gtaiagantleman to retire to tba Aadasof pitratB||fi.have placed it there himselff That was concerted method of appearing before the jury tBuMrc.hM—ihlilser closed with an appeal for Jusbocoen.to Mr. speech having occiipied elgu0. Ja.But 'Whether they think At to take thb eoana ar aot, they may be assured that tha facts wni babiaagttont-that is to if this basdess claim ihan say,remained during the evening, and shortly beforepreviousauu Mrs. Burch met at that time as if they had notNew York for the last time, which was March 17, 1899.that Then there was the oc- evening.HAXBoa,latest news. prerioosIhave just been visited bj one of the most terrific gales2d and January,after a legacy of $li,000 to Jobs A«.astoitsmerits. Mr.Coramore than twothe whole damages due. But at the ^stassaiaaafMrs. Burt;h wrote for a copy—stating that she learned eal paiUes. Ths business Is referred by flie resota- that a wrong construction had been put npon herletter. Uon, not to Mr. Cess, but to Mr. FiATD,aad he ijourney,them to willing to go with me on the opening of the waters Court that of the said eonteatanU are Interested lajoin "Uiat he had seen his wife in the streetescort." He asks his wife at dinner and she names send home to you a chart of the coasts from the west It is therefore ordered, adjndsed and decreed, ThU every one she had met that day, but Boyd. Then he side of Nortbimil>erland Inlet (latitude of say, Cape said paper heretofore filed, purporung to be the last wUlsdm^ttod Froo^eas bothin Itars—they are both crying." Nowthe Ac,representCumberlandStraitandFrobisherStrait willBDdt«lamentofUsyidC.Broderiek,dtssassd;wileBurch of the circumstances ta," discovered by Mabtui ameag*' dearlyloved.StiaitandFrobisher Strait a lewdegrees;Fannie Fsobishsetwohundred thesignatures while thosewhosetestimoayerrors and apparent infomioes of your article, aad else died. There Is but one remalabig soldier whs foagkt Mr. Burch had been lenient enough—he took no act five mUes) the waters before me called Frobisher not In concession to anyflUng tbwX HouisAX has said.There areon acosuat of the meritsannuallyof their deceased husbandswidows whodraw psnslsnsbelieved that she had been guilty.But the intimacy with Stuart began to be developed,snce.give character to a document to be pieradwasLess than one week after, niy oplaltm was confirmed-intelligent Esqnimaax *' con- itbus showhere, soffidently oontraaets Itseltthedering out the Sssew for a trip to a bar a lltUe to the M. w. of Bear Booad, for the pnipoaa of looking outthe newspapers, tiased on the unprtanlpleditsel/Onday Indicated, by Capt BmmBrarsit's or- Fan- fbr iflBUdBc qnaitKS for toe tUtwt and » ship's?PSilp^P!P^^" Han never is, bnt always, te h< bleat."yean aga, for CoBgresa, In the midstof political excitement, aaatfaarCongress,or thecunningof titslobby.before Joun R. of Hackitt, Esq.,genuineness was disputedpartiesthat grave have arisen that a suspicionsftaat I bava tIt was lirawnit was witnessed by him and by Mr. Jonx J.IN TH« FBOBATZ COCBT IIT THX CITYcase made and provided;evidence;::A. A.end it to tke Court tkat each and appearingof the. ^is the aodtestamestof David C. Broderiek, dooeas^, aadgenuine last will and testament of said Broderi^C.F. HALCpcnaitans- www.fultonhistory.com 