 « Ja.,-. #>kw^k^. ^ ihot that Swainto resolved to obeerv• strict neutrality as rrgards tbe afiatrs of Italy.Therogiamme, of which, howwrsr, there to littlelikettheod.The Pans Jsaaaaear anaoaaees that on October 80, theto partake of mere man a few spoonfuls The idea ef poison did aot enter hto mind, however, until seme hours afterward, when be was taken suddenly illSouth are to earnest.OCX VAgHINGTON CORRISPONDEXCB.WksmxQiow,Nov 8,1800 The Movmentff tht BouiA—Ore* Inurtst Maui futed inWaihi-afton The Great Iuue with the Republican Par. fy—n< Meal Catt»« of Ae Souther* Excitement Whatother Southern States by thus indicating her willtog- nets to submit to Lincoln's election % He considered the safetyof theSouth sastoactaaaunit.Mr. Lawton, of Chatham, favored the utmost delay o' the election of Senator. There waa BO necessity of speedy actio;, sa Georgia would be represented to theWHOLE NO.nic»» w r !%>•ITIARHIVAX OF THEBOESTEX*B 5•.••.HOBOfaTavATwMLtj,Oet. 80--'*gurIm. Rmea.nvBflUKWGUP OFT I EWAMAWCONfEttNCE.ADV ANCE mCOTTON,to the iivtog etoeeitOMtotrtdof Mabut it bide fair to go to. to tMW far back•8JP •M^a^^«^a^a^hwa«SasaiwaM^aa(BM«rfBjisasi8peecb of Jodtje Magratb Clo*int the Court.ITsUT TIE ClNlDliHS THdK OF IKBItltl,reeewuon iton|lM«t Iwhich it boreitofteiwtth_• I " ii .IHII'»IHI«I«»'IIP«II«IIII*d. a 1-18*. high-• an•ur tp;oal kipattlm firm Waihiagtci, ••rfelk, Columbiawean liissnlUlTknvn*Bvaafasau*«w**e»waeewew*a»w*M*Tie Peeling in the Hational Capital, Alafruna, Virginia, Bonth Carolina, Horth Carolina, Georgia and Texas,m**0*»m**mmim**« i*m*mm*m*~+,1.1.in•<>»••• W«^««»—<>»«w11PIBaaa ""••*»I iri»wwritmDVm ,W Om0t^Mn*^0*m**^*^**^^*f'**^in the United Statfs Conn in Charleston., of the old < IMUMIIOM SBBooi soma?. wbJeB ^ ^.^ pawtoh.gogaes sane the audacity to suppose that Mr. Lmeoin has forgotten their treachery to him and their party and that he will now accept them as his adviser* they will and themselves mistaken Greeley can hardly be counted to thai heat, as he more than compensated for has political sin he imaamlllsil tn sgdnMaaj against Lincoln for the Beanie, by Ida eflortt to secure his nomination stalest Seward at Chisago. Not so with others, some of whom, like Wilson, of Mssssshusetts, secretly whisper in the ear of Sarrtoonsentimeato that he dare aot attar totbepubhe. Mr. Lincoln has bean cheated by them once and will aever trust them again.A gentleman who had a private interview withMr.withmovement Bouts. aad the totter expressed hto regrei that the South, having always been so loyal to the Union, should be the first to manifest a disposition to Break tt up, aad especially under a democratla sdaaintotrsthm, aad Before the policy of the new (Lincoln) administration is thoroughly testedAdvices here indicate that the present excited state of feeltog in the South will soon give place to moresswto to hawwtoiiis mill a n sat-Of sn this to rtoad,thewgfa ltt eoku» h«d beenoat ay theVictor Eaataaal to saw «e pmeKimf.now to do bat to hold hto own. Muter of a powerfulto the ssBwawant of wfatehto be aiMR •• HMI wQwaMW,IM ClOtt*? thathtort aaaM may even yet totloftQaMMlMEtoi*6Wt BUuL ITlllfl did go mad, to their peoples sorrow, there wouldTlttoiiof the fsavth corps tf«mv« aad the Neapolitan after a numbs! of two hoars, the totlar tel beta upon Zariglmao, leaving a great number of priamarato the banes of tee Piedsaewtoselef wtevotmg to amptoa en aha *<nsef aaastnttton a the city aad aseisMO of Naptos to Ayee U h * Wtributodhisillnesstothesoup,and in th« same breath dfoaved that he believed an attempt was made to aasss- Bttato him for tbe asks of 8000, which he usually earnedVictortsaaaaelhadarrt-radatBsasa.GarihaMi has gone to the neads.aartars of the Stag.awau.Oet 80,1880. After the concentration at the Bardinlaas yasserda? abans of the tterigitoao. Kjtnaa, Oct. I T , 188ftsentyeartothetreasuryof136,4»»,467iThe price or wheat aad Hear remains arm i i tha Paristheirmouthssadthreats. Dr.Harrisimmediatelypro- sibletoexaggeratethedegreeofsolicitudethattofeltby seeded to examine both the soup and the milk, when itW8BssawB "STssrSFepas nam •SawT'Sw 888 "STaaaCoi todied at the ago of eighty-two onitortTinted her dunagThe Puis sssaasaar OH Oatober XI, ptqsaatoatss the Oon- tatton snpptomantsn to the treaty of commerce be- tween France aad Eagtoad aad, which was concluded onno signs of the Tsndssrhttt at aeonship Ottve, from liitspoal to Jaiy 88. A porttoD of theof Halifax, N. &, was stranded, hat wiU probably ha gat aft Crawinterior policy of every State being intimately with itt exterior policy, Aostrto wUl fnlhl withSJSIJ'V a ^ ^ a a a aaaap ssjgsi^atosaBSnw^s^PtA Las wslawj uia^sssvaas t / t \^%»sjaved attempt to Giltoy. The pltal.are Will probatoryal present.intermitteat fever, he went to the New York Hospital with the view of procuring proper medical attendance At dinner, on Batarday afternoon, the captain noticed a certainpesalhttityabouthtosoup,andthinkingthatItavlaVthat the Poiiacalmtoaa the great reweia agree beforehand on a there might be something wrong, be refusedNanae, Oct. 87, 1810.the toii-I Of/ " ' ' • • " • •OvaJHe) QeaB•fjaw^j^*••*» aaSaa*A4ithe Presidentelectthe emptyof "UbcnurTTMW i M t i of i w r©WABWTJBSM*, MOV- U , 1800. The resignation ef flsaaliirs Toombs aad Chenit willNEW YORKMONDAY, SOVEMBER 12, I860.L xvAL D.r Nnpateon. He has found no t h e n tar a bold saaaatojjtoa y « not satisfied with feircharter,andHungarytosotonlyatPeeth,buttoatootoare tot to be confided in whaa tt is poanbto that the asaaitonto may Old all the cannon spiked by the Hun-ttxuapeavnu,Resolutions that the election of a Senator be moved toMonday, 13th, and other days,Mr Harris, or Worth, favored the earliest time, as ttwas well known who Georgia preferred, andhe would instantly resign, if tbe interests of Georgia and the South required it.Mr. Oliver, of Heard, favored tbe earliest dsy, objecting to keeping candidates here eaMr. Jones, of Newtown, urged the greatest detoy. Be regardedthepresentasatimefordsttberaitoa,sadthey needed all the light that could be obtained before action. Afewweeksmightdeveiope important matters, which ought to be known before theMr. BptkUog, of Mclntehb, favored the postponement two weeks. Be didat believe to endorsing so early Lincoln's election. There were •lasasiaa more impor- tant to the Convention. Retaliatory legislation claimed precedence over the election of a senator.Mr. Seward, of Thoaaat, favored the postponement. Be was opposed to doing anything so early to indicate that Georgia iateaded to submit to Linoola's election.Mr. Harris, of Worth, Inquired whether Mr. Be wardthe 13th of Octobersatd Caaveattoa willatria* subjoined to awajaftojj November 1 ,Police&SBCTAB A m a AXm Naw Toax Hoamii. —The laher 80.• serious aspect than it Mr Giltoy, tt appeal*, hi captain o* the Bird, plying between th'g ctty aad Balti- Ul to consequence of a severe alack ofhas alarmed the people in this city tt has been the theme of dtoeeauton the entire day, in the hotels, on the street aad to toot wherever two or three are gathered. Fegf snil trrnihllnt is ilnplritorl epos the sous of every man who has anything at stake. Thoseintoit**Aceording to toaliaUUsss reeeired from Count Reah-harg, Frtase Metterniib has explained to M. Thoavenel the ABBhTtoa poUay. HJS sxptoaslwri ooatatoa barYork Hospital were thrown Into a high yesterday, tn consequence of a rumor-, as reported by the Ottawa of the hos-8 Miitallhslsnillat the swsjsj8hMssw8 H awj**, Aaairia will malatoin her liae of AsssaetTe potkiy. The presentno ether obtoet than that ef reseating say attoea.3 Aaatrto will not ahaadon the system of nonlaser4. Aaatrto considers that the ssaambUsg of a < aesbringahwatasraciiealaorattonoftheItalianfavoredsecession,ifGeorgiasodecide1toConvention who hav.' donated heretofore begin to believe that the Be thought Georgia would no', be sustained byJ. WJ P.D Beke,K G. Howard, Jot H Jenning>, B. J. 'JosJohnson,Jr., C B Jones.J. A. Keller,8. B Kennedy, PbiltpC. Kirk, Thomas G.Lamar, Jos M.Lawton,Jr., Thomas P. LMe.1M.W1 M.F.JoaaWtUwaas;J. B Wtlhams,J.J. WlHiams,Johns Wtomn,J Wtosmlth,Themes W Woodward, Bichaid YeedonVTBGIHIA.the Po overflowing withLincoln Mat evening,says he oca reread about tha seces ionat home we win have•mrerarwili rewtowthe Imperial Guar tin to* Bois debetween the Baeogae, eawhich occasion therewill atoo he asham withpurgiagaadvomitisg. Oaptatn Gtliey at once atOct IB, 1800 SartbaMiaadViator mltotory TheresultoftbeilintlmwtortheNationalCounciltookfriends here that she will not, at this crisis, put herself tn the wrong.At present the stoveholding States are entirely in the right as regards the great points of controversy between them sad the republican party. Were this not tbe ease, it is dihicult to imagine, an the ordinary principles of human nature and the usual coarse of events, why no thing like a republican party exists in say ef thoseMr. Bpauldteg moved that the resolution lie on tbe table at present. Adapted.A bill waa introduced heavUy taxing manufacture:! articles from Massachusetts, Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin aad other States aul- lifytog the Fugitive Slave law.Atoo, for preventing the citizens of offending States from seeing to the courts of Georgia.The Legislature adjoaraed from Friday till Monday.BOOTH CAROLINA.Ayea.itat awayawbee maat be a mnltttadefor a battle with mrtfea^aw nxnaaaad toS , " • • • •"Ksnaa, Oat. 80. 1880. of Nea'es,re mil. OJBftdM• 371 Oct. XI, 1800.place yesterday tn the trinmprt of the national policy, re ateaaated by M. Stremeflm The oaaesitton party of Vaad obtained a majority over the governmentBmurs,Oct 88,1880. The Federal Council yesterday replied to anowtothe demaada ef the Irnaeh governmset eaaeetning the aliairofthsltog ef Btoa.TbaFemral Ceaacil eheervss that before the annexattoa of aavoy and Sioe to rranoe no vessels hoistingtarns the theory sap mead in a former despatch tn refe- reiioe to international oOeaees.Baama,Oet. 88,18|0.They believe that hostility to slavery is inherent in theNorthern mini, sad to taught tn schools, oo'tegw,churches, the family circle, and has become the fixedsentiment of the Northern people, not to be eradicated.hithistheirbelieftoright Theybelieve,toe,thatthecreed of the republican party indicates the dispositionand determination of its leaders to give that hostility toSouthern domestic institutions such an active directionas rendert their rght of property Insecure an1 mvadas Srparaiton Cbnjwred—Bom a Blockade Would Ope parenciesCoast >tothessaeiea1*-la riven byaa a n hUm, Oct. 88,1800. itting of the Federal Diet the aothto of the htoehade of Aaeens was dis redaseasimplyshelving _ at the saaae time that they ooulda full opportunity to investigate the ease,yauwsma Oaoa Moss—Again the Indenittbto streetthe peace of their families aadfiresides,sad tends to in snrreettoe, robbery, murder, aad other crimes again*. the innocent and pure too shocking for patient contemrate, etcCloser and closer to drawing the final severance of theThe order of Minute Man to growtog rapidly, aad the opposition men who denounced the move before the election sre now fast falling in the traces aad jotatog the» w h a system as mat wtuchexists in the South, though many who entertain it would shudder at the direful conKquenoea of their own teach togs.It is, besides, quite a mistake u fancy that themenaetog attitude of tbe South has been produced by aington, notwithstanding the a c t that many of them are destitute of any other certain livelihood. The Southern blood to ap, aad if, from aay cause whatever, the State should n U to secede now, thoasandn of her beat citizens would forthwith sell out for whatever they could get, aadtore similar purpose have keen hate tooouniy in the Bute, aad jhaHhOswihn hmwwtoi Gov. Henry A. Wtoe has asea etostsd chief of the! Mm ta Frtocess ABBS, aad accepted. Aa ansa 1\ m^ Y B S A sawUsmw>8j8T awtoto.aadwhsssHrehbooddapeaeedaaonit—trytowe aoftorof P)to this new kind oftotheirconnection of So uth Corolla* with the federal Union. Tha ThedtoastrousresultofhtosuitintheMariasplationInthistheirbelieftoright,forsuchtothetend-revolutionhasbeguninearnest.Thefederalofistols,order.TherewillbealargemeettarofMinuteHenatThe Paris FstrU of Oatober S9 mys -Prince Matterateh aad Baron Hahaer were reeerred yesterday by tbeEmperor It to aassrlBil that Baron Habaer will toawe about hto person in a money belt. Nothing could shakeOTJX NORFOLK COUUSPOXBgOfCB. NOUFOLK. Sov. 8,1880.No Decreau aa the Political Satttmemt JDwhhtoa ef ate Statefor ft nitaraajs aynrfito Jeyeat the aWaaandage Ticket—Rapid increase of the Minute Men—Clamor for a Southern Confederacy—The Cotton Market—InvUaUm to MenofEnttrprite, eV.dc. ThepoliticalexcitementinthissectionisveryUtileonthe decrease. Stone the election ef Lincoln has hem known the interest ef an has been centres eh Virginia, and more anxiety shown as to how her vote would be cart TbeBellmenclaimedtheStateby overwhelmingmajor1 ties, while the Breckinridge men, beatogmore upon the precedence of her vetographic despatches, ntttssorl the Bute by a very 1 majority. Virginia has doubtlessby 3,000 majority, maybe 6,000, for the counties aow to hear from are Saner rstInThe Bel' party ta Norfolk aad Pnrlannalli anexertion to beat the Breckinridge party, andsiated by the Donates wing. Captains of lias. •, « w , perhaps, had aever seen Norfolk before to their Uvea,werebroughtaptothepottotovotetheBeilticket., Oaeeftheaefellowsbroughtaphis ticketat theFourth-ward with a prefix of "Captain . The night of toeto-atoht for ViennaThe acccone from the maaofactcnog dtotricis eoaen*tossmeasMtog that for some days past greater activityhis belief that an atrocious design ban been made upoe hto life, sad acting uxm the impulse of tbe moment, he communicated his suspicion to Mr. Osrragh, the Super toteadeat of the institution. Mr. Darragh did not attach much importance to the statement untilthe Bbufh Jbays and What She Defamit—the Doctrxnez of Senate till tbe 4th of March. He agreed with Mr. SewardNaM . . . 1,000in the ether i i eVlsmai this Tetoi* are eqaaUy sawaaassa mmense proportion In 1816 tt was only 63,000,000. after ton time, when it was dweuvered that Mrs. AV»ia»on)sfc.,<fc.The consumption of tobacco In France increases in aalifeVV\A>V>AAAA^WSAA*VVVVV.aj waw«fr Proce< InteresliBS Trttfitm.HL, Nov. 11, I860 quiet to-day.are from impolitic men, who hare forward hi the campaign in order to hi hope thereby to induce Mr. LincolnIMPORTANT FBOM AT.AttAlfa.THk PBOFLE TO STAwT DI JANCA»T. Hew.11,1800A mass meeting or the citizens of this ctty was held here tost night. All partieschants, bankers, planters and politictoas, are all de- cided in favor of a dissolution of the t non.republican this aaoming. we shall have control of the eat aad made fpeeches hi tovor ofto believe that they had dHe would havetotters he has received since hte election are two or three from pmmtaeat republican politicians in the country whodid an they oould to defeat hto election for the, Beaste tad secure that of Douglas. These deaav Ore more to resign, said a leading and prominent black public men from all parte of theandthesamemayhappenatMantaaandVerona.Therepoliticmovement,perhapsaBalnealConvention,toheofparty,totakespeedyactiontnthematter.Unlessare 100,090 of these Hungarian soldiers in the Austrian army, sad Austria requires at toast 300,000 others to watch them. All thai dsas ajat ieafcsathaaahVtotorcomposed of the beat mlndi of all the States, to eon- aider aad settle peacefully the question of Union aad dto-The conduct of the present administration t« BBBBwan with lefmaate to the existing stats of affairs in the Booth, and by no one with more interestthan Mr. Lincoln himself. Springdeid still oonttnaes to hecrowdedwithpeople,aad the inferior hotelsheredo sot halfthere to something done, aad that quickly,too,by the people la the North to appease and allay the excitement In the South, all will be tost.A gentleman who arrived here this evening from the South, having passed through Alabama, Georgia, Bonth and North Carolina and Virginia, says the people are ex- cited to a degree tha*. to perfectly alarming He says there hi bat one sentiment among the people since the announcement of Lincoln's election, and that M to cease ail connection with the North.Intelligence has been received here that several federalofLcers ta Alabama bad resigns!, among them the Unitedwe as'*~* ? sswsi BSBBSBwsss JM^WSBWCSSSSPm i l *^mssusa10*I^SBBBWGs a i ugas I aaaa^^smU l sore! y tempted and sorelyIntelligence.and to U88,1T8.000 000, having to that time more than Reynolds, tse nurse, sad one of the patients, named.,Oat.tf,1K0. tripled. Theretoasetbalanceinthebudgetonthepre htoaoaey, oonptojaed ofthe milk,aad said it burned AlleyesareBOWturnedtothe Sooth,sal tttoImpos- terState*,asthe newswould bespeedily sentovertheto any It is expected that tne liberals will o jorttyeverywhereemma*totheCaatonof;a mvtoOCR COLUMBIA CWajUBPONDENCE. COUHBU, 8. C., Nov. 8,1880to the i TheMarqutodeTargettoiitoistanilasfart- knewhecarriedalargesumofmoneyabouthisperson, and the sight of the gold probably prompted, him to the BOBBBMBBQBB of the deed The prisoners will remain in custody at the detectsve t office until the.omoers have hadThe Federal Official* in South Carolina sawspnaej Waal Wouldbt the Effect of a Failure to Secede—Tkt Proball Modus Operandi of awaawtoa Peaceable and forcedelection was honored by a proeosstou of BeJiiby the Dougtoaltea, who with dram and Uthrough the principal street* with flags and trans-notalttsetheragr^wtUl *•P0"^of 9nrdintoinItaly Urn Federal Diet rseoived, to the same ntttog.npon the expedtoaey of equipping the federal fortresses with rited geast, aad doctored that tt gratefully accepted theCourt, and the determination of the Metropolitan Police toeafsresthelawrelativetostreetpreachers,havenot deterred this spostle of temperance in the proaecutloa of hto hnsaase mission. Yesterday he held forth to the Park, as usual, aad from the stops of the City Hall he resumed hto weekly harangue on the folly of iatempe- reaoe, Ac. As asaal, he was interrupted to the midst ef eae of hto most etoqaent apptato by one of dm brass but-Ashland Hall to-night, tor the purpose ef encyoftheNortherndeadlyenmitytoslaveryasit highaadtow,aresending their resignations to Wash ganizingandmakingreadytorvmedtooovered that a quantity of Croton oil had been mixed with each hukL Buspliion pointed to one of tbe inmates aasaed Jenkins, and upon interrogating him, he at oaee confessed that he was the anther of ail the mis chief. He stated that at admi itotared the drag at the sag Beseem ef two persons named Charles Brown and John Koiger, hut sail he did not intend to kill any one. Hto only object, it appears, was to give Captain Giltoy and some of the other patients a good purgiag. He claimed to have no ill feeling towards the Captain, but merely did the thing out of a toko. Brown andKeiger denied that they were the inatigatars of the mtmbief; out so orodanrs) was placed in their statements, acd Ahey were informed that they might consider themselves un- der arrest By this time detectives Bennett aad Msedoa gal arrived at tha hospital, and without any further cere mony Jeakins and hto iwwifnffVTf were marched off to patios headquarters sa the grave charge of attempt at murder. Captain CUdsy, who has been quite sick sines tbe eventful Saturday night to eonvtneed that a baseattemptwasmadetotakehislifeforthesakeofthe 8100previoastyreamedto,saltoresolved to prosecute the practical iokers to the end. Be ssys that Jeakinscountry that Georgia acquiesced in the election of Lin her steadiest aad most devoted aad se'.i s«r:a-*g onto.', Edward Falconer, fails into the clutches of thernalfimamsnt,whmballowsrichmenwithmeresenIttoi tonedandoiaeooatadfenry,andmarchedofftomerepartydefeatinaPresidentialelection.TheyfeelsuittbecountryThosewhola'61werethestrongestreturnscomeinesaaptote,delegatesrromendto tree at esse, aad to loAafee allthe tost a purely Lftmeaa aad their mtototsrs. Atthel day tost no itlpulation was made, iaihas uuafteied upon Count Recto bergU • tbe order ef St. aadrew.Tbe Emperor of Anatria has presented to Prinse Ckrt a aanff boxi,r»hly set with dtomondsthe tombs Sergeant Mills, of the Broadway sawed, made a oomplaint against the prisonerlor preaching without a license, sad this tittle ceremony havmg been gone Uthrough with, the accusedwas shewed to depart to peace For several years past Falconer has been repeatedly errsalad for preaching with- out a license, bui to sanest every instance he has suc- ceeded to getting off "Boot tree.'' How he manages to evade the penalty of vtotatteg the tow to this way to a matter of sarBrtos. Next Sunday he will be found at hto oaaal vocation, ta the usual ptoee, only to he arrested aad discharged as heretofore. Flaaky fellow, that Falconer, to set the Metropolitan Police at esassaas In this way.TO m > EDirOB OF THE HEK1LD.In reply to the Peltoe intelligence you gave la today's number of the BBBALD, cmcerning certain fansactions Between Mr. T. Daves aad me, I appeal to the public to withheld their opinion untll the respective courts shallhave decidwiBr. HXRMAN BAALOX, 92 Third avenue. Nov. 14 MtftBJtoWtol isueiligemc.. TheUnitedStatescorvetteSaratogatoincommissionatPtn^^pK^ andwihsaillaaanontimetoretoforaeoartrtot will meet to oeaveatmB at Btatnaand to mine upon measures for nrotecting ear ewe aaataMrrtury for tae purpose ofShould, howeverti re, the people or virgmia would notfora ute to take that course So galled have the Mates become byby the people of the North, that to aaastis inevitable, .farther South than -thai elamortagfora "••—! •• rini i» might, and thebmto m • •asst BiJasWsssast* aawaUl tosawama awsswaae^w ssww ^^v^w v^^ wswatofthewartoinsanity. •delayfarthepay Ries Rasas is about to proceed to ]tome ea a aatonoa.^ * A k ^ jswm rwaavrbH saaail SssaassTT* samayjatj I ffU*8j 8JSJJ8L ftta gm>ha se>pie.>*la thto ejty at JUytn. haweser, theretoaot yetmtnecty »beafatrman,wto»woalano fbsea the stoU s ef theHe most be a severe critic anon human acuons who ton to settle, if possible, ssatoaWy, the terms apoaaid awsatomwsmsaa,aatheUMiisasaOsasiiurnMaalsa,wi am pablstosil vmasHwy/abowa. a>ea If we didtheeaa pronounce censure upon oar Southern brethren formaking some efforts to establish a cheek to what they feelthey are destined to experience, in thetoadoreatpoints,from Northern aggressions. He maat possess Utile ac-quaintancewithhumsnaaturewhocallfeeisurprisethat stonbytheCarted winat hesettledanallyaow comparatively duiL Meat of direct toy railroad towiooktog toith Carextea, Georgia, FtorIda, Atobawa aad others, atOf secession. Virginia cannot be to the Uaton, aad net as a seed-er thofare too nearlyaw her to falter, even if of her own to oompiatt of.Thisto to beten grand depot efa .a-.Marshal 0>Doaseil has dsotored that the government of itorccco bis oaly asked for a longeiThistotheIrremediablewoundwhich producestheex-teitement nest extending thrcugh'Tlfteen Slates of theconfederacy Is tt to he wondered at that they shouldhe unwilling to treat a party which comes exulting!y* into will t | i a time b e begun b y asaawaasaaa. Oneethe State power proclaiming principles that cot only interfere with Convention has formally resolved apoa muasrlnii, oom- their rights, bat carry storm to their homes and firesides? misalcnera will immediately he east to Waahtog-oo tee const of Africa lop-of war of the-serfBttyanm.wboTbe Saratogatoa sixteenour Southern brethren should desire a surer guarantee for their righte, their tranquility, and their sumotoated do mestic condition, than t h e justice or mercy of the North. They have too much reasoa to belevetheabolitioniststheretoaboutasmuchfair i hi milk tot a male tiger; and theyhat republican party iy Ululate M hii, to rates its tratritida! itcaito''ttnahmpower,''t.«. the people ani to-of the South.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wiU, efTHEEXCTTEMENT INWASHINGTON.be followed by others In the South. If we can get four ori, Mr. Yancey andSenate. We will then have matters our own way and will reorganise the cwHmmset la Bash a manner that the South will he la a minority upon every important corn mittee. This individual has unwittingly let the cat oat ef the bag. The same thing was suggested to ate someBy tauntsexasperate the South that they cannot remain hi the Union, and if we can get two or three ef the Boutborn States to keepThe Qoweraet has isolasd to have theago by a tomtits, saidleading republicas. he, we win sotheir Senators aad RepresentativesBclear majority Mi both breaches of Congress. This is evidently the policy they intend to pursue, judging from thetoneof the black republican papers.Evidences coatinue to pour in upon the President from anpartsoftheBoothshowingtheextensiveramiSm- lion of the secessKn movement and of the settled and deep seated determination sf the people, without distinctionstarUing, bu i in the end the ease Stotes Judge. The resignations of the Southern Senatorsy-unification and Seceuion—litnHty of Secettion anithatsospeedyanindxatioa tosubmittotheelectionofthat they are not only overcome at the polls, but that victory has been won by a popular maiority, ewaatttel In a settled aad determined enmity against their whole social system, the very foundations of their buatoess in tercets, their inliv deal aad persmal safety, as well as prosperity and happiness. This to the ttinr of tbe late trtssaph of the republicass over the friends of the consti tntton, the Union aad the equality of the States.Union men are aow the hottest for secession, aad aay oae who would be rash enough to express himself in favor of Union under present circumstances would be looked upon as a traitor, who preferred the shackles of a consolidated federal despotism to the safety aad honor of hto State.I have ao doubt there to a great deal of cariosityNorth BB to the probable wudiu operandi by which Sooth Carolina will shake off(or,ea youatthe Northwouldsay, attempt to shake off) her present unpleasant relations with the Northern States 1 do not think that the matter_ « people; for defending the MUntitled DocumentNow, the mavor aad hope of as•••*•! debts sad take aa Uateat, there to ear-tbe right 1have men ,toadeetarattanofwar, itsatwer before pretaatsd.en the flrs. Masday in January.not feel sataerlieil by theresolutions ef the tost Lsgtotolnis to call the aaaseatlea aatn theelectors have casttheir votesforPi1 ileallaOn Wt-needay he willon which he will tome hto the people towill be a strong disunionGaWBGLA, FBOOBWDOIwB OF IBM UMBsXATCXB.Lincoln would place Georgia in antagonism with her sis-The 8BtM8l desire tt toNov. 9,1800.which the State to to go eat.must either formally or formally far months bean rapidly on Ito recognise the powers ef the Than the question of the rsosgntttoa ef the rlBttbeaasadifficulty about theSUMS (by that time, I take it for l^ladosenoftbem.at least) willbe nocf the 8npthatdaatoLbat the saeddtog of the firm drop ofmautoaa»ato,orthefirtogoftheftmfedei a Seuthera part, to knitstow, there is aothtagst the>nrrUnited States; for saving oar righto to the v — . , obtaining the ssaettoa of the sovereign State of Vtrgmia. IbeobjertoftbeBBatetoaol sseesstea, sWhmsgh her poo piewillaeverallowfederal troopstoTWO CENTS.safe www.fultonhistory.com 