 WHOLE NO. 8687.MORNING EDITION-THURSDAY, JUNE 21, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS. I MPORTANT FROME8R0PE...i.iiii...»...i.•••»AnlTal wf UM UiitodTWO DAYS LATER NEWS.mmmmmmitmmTHE STRUMIE M 80UTHBM ITALY.THE GREAT EASTmiW,ThesteeinehipOiitedlingdom,, passed this point at 8 JO A M to-day,Inftoe House of Commons Lord government proposed that the Unitedshould act conjointly in capturiiTHE PRESIDENCY.ACTfHIVTil0HHTT8KIICUKUTLtU.ttticCtivnUioB.PERSONALCONFLICTSOFTIEKLE6ATE8•Ul SPECIAL BALTDfOBBtwo ef the orgtoeJto, tear of the secederswpo were ssdsasnfl and reappoint-aS by the two dwtttotrra^satainnsl conventions, aad fourtw» third* of, with«tthat the Douglas party bear a mortal enmity to htm The Douglas men, however, will never go for anyButter, of Massachusetts, Madethe whole.BALfxnoas, Jane 20—10 P. MMessrs. Avery, «f North Carolina; Saatshury, of Doia ware, and other Southern delegates, waited on Mr. DeauWITHDRAWAL OP HON. ANDREW JOHNSON, OF TENNESSEE.WisnMoroaCrrMunell, ltoO. Ota. Rinrnx Mrujeax:—DnanSnvvWhiist deeply thankful to yon and your as . c»M delegates ia the National Convention tar your supTHE TURF. i'Stj'ei appointed b y the same convention.have •creed to form one delegation withouti meettag, hold a t a little towa in the extreme part of the Slate, under a call from unauthoriaedThesethan the rail yesterday. anticipatedthattheirownpecuniaryinterestwouldhave inducedthemtobemoreobliginginconsulting theinte- rests of the public; but such was not the ease yesterday.If the majority report Is adopted, the greater part of the the Staunton (Va.) Jndta, and John Brannaa, of Lewis Convention. If the minority report be adopted, admit-THIRD RACK. Proprietor's purse, two mile heats, for $500.C. S Lk»yd enters b. c. Prophet, four years old Thos. Puryear enters b. c. Bourbon, three years old Thos. Dos well enters Irona, five years oldcounty, Va., delegate and State Senator, had a difference to the Convention, arising out of a letter to the paper of the former, written by him, reflecting on ton Hunter party In the delegation. Some angry words were inter- changed, when Yost attempted to slap Brannaa in the gene, in which t h e parties were separated. A challengeting all the seceding delegations, then the Northwest, ac cording to Mr. Pugh, will secede. Inst night, after his interview with Mr. Barry, of which I advised you, he de- nounced the secedere in the most violent language. He said he bad not heard an honorable sentiment from them; that they ought to be exiled from the democratic party anddrivenfromthehouse. ItisevidentfromthisthatTIMS.Firtt MileFirst heat* 1:55 Second heat 2:00Seamd Milt.1*7* 2441 1 2 2 3 3Total.3:52>i 4:04North w « bolt. II to said that the minority of theTort isfjajsJBMI wffl also secede, and atoo the I of California and Oregon, with sensla i W n a l it It probable M M M win not go to KicijBoad, tat add their Convention tare.*ai>maUarmyProminent among thesethat with the bogus oVtogjates they wW have two-thirds of ail present, though net two-tatofcof fcwaoto Puuto aJCallage. They say theyhadUOX votesatCharleston;that theyhavegainedsix fan ainee that Ihjj •Deugtes votes, gamed by toe South era men, fsVan fjj^wm put In the place of the seoeders,Douglas. Hunter, Dickinson, and Guthrie It was not probable that the proposition would be ac- cepted.It Is rumored that the delay in the report of the com- mitteetodesignedtoembarrass thesecedingdelegations, who have to meet to-morrow in a Convention at Rich mend,to rebellion against the democratic organisation, whilst still seeking admission Into the Democratic Con- vention.The Committee on Credentials held a meeting with closed doors, but itto supposed that three reports will beand consistently be dune should be done by as to secur •unityand harmony ofaction,to theendthatoorr•<:principles amy be maintained, the preservation of thonly national organisation remaining continued, and abovealt, that the l'nioo,with the blessings, guarantees and for the horses engaged in tho race. The attend- protection ef its constitution, perpetuated forever. Thatma. tentotal of l to votes.a regular two-thirds democraofDouglassay thatthe Vfll befoundtobogrosslyex; that Dfjftas not gained sixteen votes; that all the bogus delegates from the South will n o t support Mr Dongtos.theTennesseedelegation mayso act,sadthatianocon tingency they may find themselves embarrassed by to action of our Mate in regard to myself, I desire through you to request that they will not present my name to th Convention at Baltimore, and to each of tbom tender myance o f spectators w a s very limited, being iboarce- <yequal to the first day's assemblage. Thecauseof this may be found to the fact that the general public in variablyheldbackforthefearmilebeatraoejwhichtakes place to-morrow. A race of this kind possesses a far deeper degree of interest for the Mew York public than either a two or three mile race, however good may be the qnality of the horses engaged in them. They neutrallyand in favor of the new Douglas delegates.is stated, be two minority reports—one to admit all the seceding delegates without exception, and the otherto admit all except those of Louisiana and Alabama, and of these to admit half and half.The following Is also represented a s likely to be the majority report, and what will probably be adopted by the Convention:—Mississippi and Texas aro to be admitted; Florida is to be rejected; from Alabama and Louisiana theTHE REVOLUTIONI NflKJILY.*, part of whom were Douglas democrats, aad bogus delegates are to be admitted; half of the Douglas I, oppositionists, or old line whig*. This meeting Is delegates are to be admitted from Georgia and Arkansas;The first race on the programme was that for the Sub- scribers' Handicap, for a purse of $600, given by the pro- The secedere claim that the whole number to bolt will the track. The engineer, now seeing that it was almost prietor of the course. For this race the following norses, to have numbered, Are hundred out of thefifty orBayard and Whiteley, of Delaware, who seceded, but didaged, llfipouuds; C. £ Lloyd's Throgsncck, 5 years, 95 engine and applied the patent brake, but too late, as pounds; Thos. Doswell's Irona, i years, H I pounds, and before the train could be stopped, it had passed over C. 8. Lloyd's Prophet, 4 years, 100 pounds. Nicholas and Throgsneckweretheonlytwothatappearedtocontestthe race,theremainingtwohorsesbeingreservedforthelast race, for the proprietor's purse. Betting was in favorThird.—Permission to supply provisions to She hospital for the poor.Fourth.—Thatthemunicipalityshould address apetl- tiontotheRoyalCommissionertortheconcessionofsuch reforms as were deemed necessaryforthe country.Second—Shaking h is finger menacingly in Col. Hind- ssaa* fane, who pushed Hooper's hand away.In the case of Delaware there a r e two seats in disputewas found that his skull and side were broken. The acci- dent was seen by several persons. The men were recog- nized by Mr. David Tate, who keeps a brick yard nearand which speaks highly in favor of the skill and attention of their trainer. The following is a description of the race:—was again pushed angrily away by Col. Hindman. Fourth—Using language of this purport:—"This man (looking at Col. Hiadmaa) says ourdelegation does not re- ffestat the democracy. The statement is fata; I re-Alfred B. Wotten, Attorney General of Delaware, explain- ed the position of the two men from Newcastle county, asking for their seats. These men were at the county meeting, making every effort to defeat Bayard and White- ley. Being defeated themselves, they held a little townnominate Douglas. hand car, as well as the box which contained the remains of Granger, when it was run into the engine house. Two TheretospeakinggoingoninMonumentsquare,inthe fivecentpiece*andthreeorfourpennieswerepickedup along the track. They bad no doubt belonged to Granger.and yellow jacket and blue cap)Thos. Dosweirenter8 Irona, &years old, 111 lbs.i%^drpeat, the statement is grossly false.''ThereuponCol.Hindmanarose,without saying%word, meetingatWilmington, where there were onehundredjacket and blue cap)C. S. Lloyd enters Prophet, 4 years old, 100 lbs. (blueJacketandwhitecap) „. Time, 4:43.and slapped Mr. Hooper violently an the face. Hooper persons present, and elected themselves. At the county offered n o further resistance than t o drop h i s hand mass meeting there were not twenty-five persons against to his pockets, as if to draw a weapon, Bayard and Whiteley, and at the county one vote, but exhibited none, when Colonel Hindman partially drewA good start was effected, Throgsneck, after a short dis- tance,showinginadvanoe.Passingthefirstquarter, Nicholas was two lengths to the roar, the grey horse * i r rying on the running at a good pace, and keeping gradu- ally increasing the distance between them. On passing the stand Throgsneck was three lengths ahead, which h e maintained all the way round until entering the straight, when Nicholas closed the gap, but unable to live the pace, fell back again, his opponent passing t h e score the second time with a lead o f two clear lengths. T h e latter carried on the running throughout, a n d without being approached won by a dosen lengths. Time 448.The result of this race astonished the betting fraternity who had set down the victory of Nicholas m a oertaiuty, and had bet their moneyaccordingly This was thefirstand only defeat that Nicholas has ever sustained on this track, having been uniformly successful ia his previous races. It is possible be may improve his performance in the four mile heat race for which be is entered, but in this dash of two and a half miles the gray horse showed a decided superiority of speed, and gives promise of turning out a first class racer.8BCONDRACK.Sweepstakes, for three year olds; $300 subscription,$100forfeit. ' Thos. Puryear names ch. f. Rosa Bonheur.. .Walked over.a pistol. The members of the committee than interfered and prevented further collision, Colonel Hmdman all .the i disclaiming any latent to do more than ha had done. i order was restored Colonel Hmdman apologised to the committee for the breach of order, tat made no apology to Mr. Hooper, saying that the insults given bythe latter left him no other alternative than to resent Itam as ha had done. The apology was formally ac- cepted by the committee.Mr. Hooper then explained that he had not iatanded to apply the term "fata" to any statement made by Colonel Hindman, but to the statements proposed to be made by a witness, whom Colonel Hindman had offered to intro- duce,hotwasrefusedtodosobythecommittee.Nocorrespondencehas taken place uptothisdatebe- tween the parties.that of Mr. Chandler. Mr. Wotten declared, on his honor, there were not four hundred Douglas men in the State. This is a specimen of the oases o f Alabama, Louisiana and Georgia.The Florida delegation addressed a letter to the commit- tee to-day, declaring they did not ask tor admission, being only accredited to Richmond,The number-of votes to be added to the Convention by the majority report wifi be 20, which, added to the flat now in the Convention, makes a total of 274. The two- thirds of this would be 188 votes. T h e Douglasitee Bay they can reach that number, and if so they will declare the two-third rule to mean two-thirds of those present. If they cannot do that, then they will nominate by a ma- jority, andif that fails then by thesixty-six ofthe Northwest. Asoneoftheleaders said,"Ifwecamnot enough to nominate Douglas, we care enough to bring upAboutexpress, which leaves Albany at 10:9, had just left Barry- town, on the Hudson River Railroad, the body of a man was seen lying alongside t h e track. He was taken up, but life was eittnet. On examination it was found that his neck was broken. He had no doubt either fallen orjumped off the1 tram as it was passing Barrytown, andwas thrown upon b i s head, thus breaking his neck and was uirowu upou uis ueau, imH IA f f A I S• r f W(HT vrjKUHIA.BHMKaX,And broughtMMNto. TOST AMDaccept the offer o f admission unless the other which seceded with them aro admitted.delegationsThis notice is traced to no official source.Much excitement exists all over town.The present temper of the New York delegation appearsto the side of the track. He lived nearly half an hour,but was speechless and insensible. On examination it indeed, were all the horses belonging to that gentleman,iGeorgia, six from twenty-nineregards.SeriousANDKKW JOHNs*iN.Seven votesAccidents om t h e imirsmtRiverThere win, itclinched, and fell upon the track.the train appeared in eight, but it was impossible for theengineer to observe them at that distance. As the train approached be gave the usual signal of danger, and con- tinuedtoblow*thewhistleuptothetimeof theaccident. The warning was,however,unnoticed bythetwomen fighting; but the other, George Rawclifle, went to them as soon as be observed the train and attempted to separate them, when Hall seized him by the arm and held him onSecond.—liberty to attend toe wounded and rsmnn impossible to prevent running over them, reversed the were entered and weighted:—John Hunter's Nicholas I., them on board the fleetand it is deemed politic to bo liberal, especially as theThird—Repeating the [offensive gesture, when his hand facts are very strong in flavor of Bayard and Whiteley. boldly and fearlessly to a straight-forward attemptto Peekskill. The bodies were taken up and placed onaSrBsnuBxas' HAXIMCAT—Two MILES AXD A HALF DA.SU. C. S. Lloyd enters Throgsneck, 05 lbs. (bluejacket andwhite cap)John Hunter enters Nicholas I., aged, 116 lbs. (bluethe Convention."probably be In one way or other.up theConvention willThos. Puryear names br. c. BourbonP. C. Bush names c. f. CycloneFondrew, Williams k Coy names b. c. RedDrawn. Drawn.i occurred the day before yesterday, whichkept rather quiet. Samuel M. Yost, editor of South and some of the North will secede and hold anotherEagle Drawn.This race did not produce a contest, Rosa Bonheur walk- ing over and the others being drawn.bat Douglas.bore working against DouglasTheree f Neware Hiram Atkins, of the Bellows FaUs (V'eimont) Ar^m,and Gen. I- J. Partridge, of the same State. Benjamin. 1*rt of my name as a candidate for the Pros-.deney,-u,hagleftthisplaceforRichmond,toattheConventionto-morrow,theday Richmond,chairmanoftheNewYorkdelegation,to-day. party—iaintohourofseriousapprehensiontorthefutureuntil the ensuing d a y , propitious.The,snd a few of the South with a proportion to admit all the seceding delegation* welfare and perpetuity of oar government—1 cannot, n iwillnotsuffermynametoaddtothedifficultiesandem- withtheunderstandingthatnocandidatebenominated barrassmentsofmyfriends. Ifeelthatittoincumbenti will meet him and adjourn t h e Convention till»followingday,ortoBaltimore,ifsoadvisedbyteto- whoweevotedforatCharleston. Thiswouldexclude uponyou,uponme,thateverythingthatcanhonorably racewasma,whenaveryheavythundaratonsr]brokebe ITS. This will leave 434 in the Convention.The following notice appears posted in Bamurn's Ho-tel >-setts, to remain, and admit the Douglas contestants from hard to free himself from the grasp of Hall, but the latter Missouri- held him so that the bead of the unfortunate young man Nothing is done with Florida. projected over on t h e track upon which t h e train was. It is calculated that Douglas will have 173 votes o n t h e He was instantly killed. Thomas Granger w a s under- neath Hall, and was mangled in a horrible manner.stxty thousand voters of the State, and to have come not Join the seceding Convention, are to be admitted; (ramteaortwelvecountiesoutof the fifty-five counties Chaffee,a Douglas man,lato retain hieseat,which isoftheState. claimedbyB.F.Hallett,ofMassachusetts;O.Fallen,of •aforetheCommitteeoaCredentialsonTuesdaylast,Missouri,aDouglasman,istobeadmittedinplaceofsiana,allowthesubstituteofMrHallett,ofMassachuer,andthrownoverontheothertrack.HestruggledofNicholas,theoddsof$100to$40beingcurrentlyMr. Hooper, of the bogus delegation, while advocating the Clarney, the Bitting delegate, and a Douglas man.offered on bis winning. When seen by the cognotctnti, The.tirst three points were consented to by Garibaldi,admission of himself and two colleagues, ottered lour dig- its* iasnta to Col. Hiadmaa, who appeared fortheregu- > insults were:—ittet the regular conventions were asmpoeed o f demagogues, triekstera a n d political petti-IttoexpectedthatthesecedingGeorgiaandArkansas delegates will retire on the platform question, and then the Douglas portion o f these two delegations will cast the whole rote of each State. Mississippi and Texas will notfirst ballot, leaving him to gain 30 votes to be nominated by two-thirds.He was also instantly killed. The other, Henry W. Hall,was struck upon the head by the cowcatcher and thrownhe was not at all liked, as he was evidently a far different horse than when he proved so victorious over this track in previous years. In consequence of this dislike enter- tamed for him, the odds were reely taken about his oppo- nent, who is a gray horse, by Cracker out of Sally Ward, belonging to Mr. Morris, of Westchester county, and trained by Mr. Lloyd, l i e was in splendid condition, a s ,butftbc fourth was rejected peremptorily, s a d t h e con- ference was broken off.Nevertheless, hostilities did not recommence the fol- lowing day, and the armistice was still under dtocueetoo.Panes, Janet, 1880. The King of Naples has invoked the intervention of thefive great Powers to guarantee the integrity of bis do- minions. He more particularly claimed the medialwo of the French Emperor for the pacification o f Sicily, a n d promised to proclaim Immediately the constitution of 1862. He also requests the great Powers to ssnptoy their authority and influence to prevent Piedmont from favor, ing insurrection on the mainland of Naples.Regarding a collective action of the great Powers, Bag- landwasthefirsttoanswer. Shedidnotintendteinter- fere in the conflict, except, If possible, to stop the effusion of blood, without siding with either party.TheotherPowerssubsequentlygaveasimilarreply. Napoleon, who was at Lyons when the demand was re- ceived, replied immediately, that mediation only w a n possible between t w o Powers, a n d unless i t officially recognized the Sicilian revolution no Power could mediate between the same and the King of Naples.lord John Hamuli, however, promised to recommend Piedmont not to foment disturbances In ton peninsular posacMtons of the King of NaplesExcept Austria, who ban n o diplomatic relation* with Piedmont, the other great Powers will act similarlyLonnon, Jane 8,1889. The Timet publishes full details o f Garibaldi's proceed-TheCommitteeonCredentialshavedecidedtoadmitUn- originalTexasandMississippi delegates,halfofeachset from Arkansas, to divide equally Alabama, Georgia, Loui-them,instantlykillingtwoand fatallyinjuringthethird. Rawcliffe,theyoungmanwhoattempted toseparatethe others, was struck upon the bead by the cowcatch-to be t o resolutely refuse further concessions, and a c tpresence of a vast concourse of people. Mr. Yancey spoke, deprecating t h e present condition o f af- fairs, expressing the belief that the democracy need not be disunited, and repudiating the intention to secede from tho Union. The South did not mean to go out of the Union, and if others thoughttodrivethemouttheywouldhavealivelytime. Mr. Y ancey's remarks appear conciliatory on t h e face. The majority of the people here are decidedly favorable to union, and the crowd evinces signs of dissatisfaction whenever disunion sentiments a r e uttered. These out- side gatherings are very decidedly favorable to Douglasspeakers.The delegates from New York and Pennsylvania who have opposed Douglas appear now M o b egUated andNo blame can be attached to either the engineer or fireman. HalltoanAmerican,andwasforseveralyearsamember of Engine No. 40, of this city. He was about thirty-five yearsofage, andlivedatOysterBay,L.1. Grangerwas also American, and twenty-eight years o ld . Rawcliffe was an Englishman. Some three or four days since he re- ceived a letter from his mother in England, and yesterday morningboughtsomepaperandenvelopesforthepur- pose of answering his mother's letter. They were all single men.(blueat U reported that were prepared to secede with them, and that as they nowsee a prospect of being called on to fulfil the promise theyNkilling him instoiiily. He appeal"r a foreigner.The bodyanxious for some sort of aeettaamaa.they have all along led file South to believe that they rjaealtoaii to nflrelght car, and tdread the responsibility.TBS LATEST.BALTIMORE,June20—Midnight, ItisnowunderstoodthattheCommitteeonCredentials will report in favor o f admitting t h e seceding delegates fromTexasandDelaware,andagainstMr.Hallett,of Mae-sacbussetts, assuming that his seat was occupied by his alternate at Charleston.The Delaware difficulty remains at present quietMr. Hooper, of Alabama, has challenged Mr. Hindman. The meeting will take place. Report says the parties will go out of town to-morrow morning, but this to doubtful.THE PROCEEDINGS OP THE CONVENTION.THIRD DAT.BALTIMORE, June 20,1860.month will e n d t h e Bourbon'K n WKST, June 9, 1800.I have just returned from a visit to the barracoon whichhavebeenerected here bytheUnitedStatesMar-shallfortheaccommodationandsafe keepingofthe re- captured Africans recently brought into this port by the UnitedStatessteamers.1,0. Jennings Wise being the friend of Yost, and•AFryorthefriendofBrannaa.Thematter,how-thepolicyoftheDouglasleadersistorepelthesecedingbeingfilledwithladies,andtheuppertierscrowded. joininginthechoruswithshoutsofboisterousmirth. Thisracewasregardedastheprincipaleventtobelaterthanthe23d,andwillprobablybeearlier,anaver, was settled yesterday without bloodshed.BOrGJB ANDTTOSUt BARROOM FIGHT BETWRKN MESSRS.WBIT1X«Y AND TOWN81ND, OF BBLAWABB.This morning Mr. Whitetoy, of Delaware, and Mr. doubtful votes. It Is a question, perhaps, whether theo'clock.Prayer was delivered by Bev. Mr. Bowen.Mr. LrPLOWasked if there was any information in thepossession of the Convention as to the probable time be- fore the Committee on Credentials would be prepared to report.ThePRXMDBST—Notatpresent.Mr. LUDLOWmoved to dispense with the reading of the journal. Agreed to.Mr. Kuto, of Missouri, rose to a question of privilege. In a newspaper he held in his band, the remarks of an- other gentleman were attributed to h i m Mr. Hunter, of Missouri, on a former day, had boasted that he had voted to tarn Col. Benton out of the Senate. This remark was, in the paper he held in his hand, attributed to him. Mr. Kingdesiredtowearnosuchlaurels. Iftheywereonhisimproved since they were landed a n d have had a chance and animated. T h e betting w a s principally confined t oTowasend, the contestant for his seat at the Convention,met and had a desperate rough and tumble fight, in whichthey pommeled and punished each other well. Last nightMr. wTitteleygot hiseyeblackened bybisantagonistwhilst he was held by his friends. Ho said be was re- New York delegation. Richmond does not want theAUSTRIA.Vmmu, June 7, 1880. The Austrian government, with a view of reorganizing the representative system in the provinces,to about ex-tending the authority of theCentral Congregationin Vempia.ROME.'Row, June 7, 1880. Baron Bardini has been appointed Minister of Commercein place of AxnicLINDIA, CHINA AND JAPAN.An extra Bomber Times has the following.—GAUM, May 12, 1880.An answer to the French and British governments was received on the 8th. The Chinese government positively rejects their demands.GeneralSirHopeGranttoexpectedatHongKongonaotvadto nave tetto/hction, b u t promised not to attack at night. H e said be would assail him in ,andsopunctiliouswas beonthepointofConvention broken u p . Cagger, Church a n d others promised, in writing, their support to Dickinson for the Presidency, at the time he united his hard shells with their softs. Mr. Croswell has their letters to that ef. feet, and read them to the delegation. Church, Cagger and Cnssidy don't want to fulfil their promises to Dickin- son. They would prefer to see him hanged first; but, a t the same time, they cannot originate a n y movementthat he remained up all night, and meeting him at o'clock this morning, ha commenoedjtaj*attacn, whan both parties bruised each other until tls^wejN)sopuated, and one of them was taken to the staman house, fromThe United States Marshal furnishes good food -in abun-dance, medical attendance and clothing, and the benevo-lent citizens of this ultra Southern city have contributeddresses for most Of the women, with tobacco and manyother little eoiutb/Us. The "oppressed race" certainly farewell here, and receive much kindness and atteution at thehands of all. Qner<-—Ought not Florida, iu imitation of judgment in the selection of the winner.• v esea, s ] agreeing:— Douglas, they pretend that t h e people demand, Atfiveo'clock thismorningMr.Whiteley entered the and they can't help going for him; but Rich-First Heal.—Prophetjumped off with the lead, but was deprived of it by Irona on rounding the first turn. The latter carried on the running all the way round, but onMalthyHouse,whoreMr.Townaeadisstopping,andtook aseatbythepassagewayleadingtothewashingroom.mond made nopromise, andgoes openly forSey- mour,anddesirestodropDouglasafterareasonabletime; andhewillnodoubtcoercethewholeRegencytobisway of thinking in the end. Then, of course, they are notdesiredtoaaythathenevervotedforanyPreatdeutorCongressmanwhowasnotademocrat,andthetooKf donbtproclaimsamehigherlawthantheconstitution. closingwithhimonthefarside,amostexcitingstruggle the28th.Aboutaquarter-past five o'clock Mr.Townaeadcamedownstairs into the office, laid his cane oa the counter,gag was walking Into the washroom, having to pass Mr. to blame, and can't help the king. Seymour is his man,lookingraceofmen—tall,muscular,athletic,wellformed, warlike looking feUowa, withgood features; there are somo remarkablygoodlookingwomenamongthem,and allin fine, healthy condition. These Wydahs do not associate With the CoagOSS previously brought in, but evidently regard them as ah inferior race. Among these Wydahs are two men who were captured in the Echo. It wiO be remembered thatCaptain Maffltt was the captor of that vessel. On his taking possession of this, his last prize, the two men referred to immediately recognized and addressed him in the few words of English they had picked up. Com- menttounnecessary. ButsomuchthebetterforLiberia. Keep these fellows on the move. The United States pays well; itto a good speculation. How Massa Greeley will chuckle on knowing that Liberia pauses the darkies round like the "snpes" on the stage. The play is well managed, really.theMansionHouseTMProphet wasleadinghalfalength, and the mare fell back a little, Bourbon taking her place assecondhorse. Most determinedlydidthejockeyscall on their horses and strive to gain the lead, and neck aad neck they came round t h e Tower turn into the straight run in. Here Irona's chance was evidently extinguished, as she could not live the pace, and all interest was now centred in Bourbon and Prophet. The rider of the former now came with a rush, and most gamely did the horse answer to both whip and spur; ail his efforts, however, were useless; Prophet increased his lead at every stride, and won the heat by a length in 3:62^, Bourbon gaining second place by three lengths ahead of the favorite.amBBRMBB eBflssmP smear esww^saww sww^aae^^w snap though feeling fbrsome-fwmg.whenMr.Tpwneendaam,«*;toamybe wouldvoteagainstthem. To-morrowhehopestohaveit thatnoproceedingsoftheFloridaConventionbadbeen daoed.theprofitgene.all right; hot this little difficulty Is to h e taken in ac-count, and the Northwest will in that case bolt. Perhaps i woiw»9swjr • Richmond will say, let them go.sjsjm^tslBKptetal lying near hie (bet. He •atesnMj saoarad It, and Messrs. Cnssner, of Pennsylvania; Stunt, of Michigan,using and reflecting therein the honor don me by th--tateCwveeflton of the democracy of Tenne - * . an ho-nor and dtotfcettan given my name by the people whom 1 coarse. Originally have served, and whose confidence to worthy of too o>*t enertaaadhighestambition ofanyman,yetin•--. h><<vorableweatherof peril to the harmony and tntesjrity of the demoarattemade. Rumor says the majority report let* in th« origi THRU URN I It LID WB1UB FIGHTING ON TUB TRACE. g.ve preference to a race where the quality of endurance nai delegation from Mississippi; admits the Douglas dele As the up express tram of yesterday which leaves as well as of speed to brought into exercise; hence gatesfromLouisiana,bendedbySoule,byavoteof 11to Chambers street at elevenA.M.,onthe Hudson River the superior attraction to them of the four mile • inftbe committee; and t h e Douglas delegates from Ala- Railroad, was within a quarter o f a mile o f the Peeksktll race d a y over a l l t h e other racing. Probably o n e bama, beaded by Governor Window, by the vote of 14 to depot, it ran over and killed three men, two of whom cause of the falling off in the number of specta-t*T BAmoons, June 20—d !• M. 11; divides Georgia and Arkansas between the original.': were fighting upon the track. Three men, named George tors may be found in the inefficient arrangements of At the Ascot races the cap wan won byThe Committee on Credentials have not yet reported. The majority have changed their programme to some extent, and will, it is said, report against all the secedersand contestants; admits t h e contestants from Delaware and the contesting delegation from Texas, favorable to Douglas, Just arrived.Of the minority reports, one is supposed to favor theRawcliSe, Henry W . Hall and Thomas Granger, were walking on the track near PeekskiU, about one o'clock in the afternoon, when Hall and Granger got into a quarrel,the Flushing Railroad, which does not ran in connection with the steamers from th e city to Hunter's Point In consequence of this want of continuity hi the transit of visiters to the race, and which last week tod to thennoying detention of a large number a t Hunter's Point on their return, the road was much better patronisedroyal stand of plate was wen by Horror, after an eaeMinfadmissiontestants are admitted, dividing the vote of the delegation between them.The other report admits all delegates originally ac creditedtoCharlestononly. TheFlorida delegationha- been telegraphed to come oa here, in order to hold tin • adjourned seceders' Convention here instead of" at Rich mend.of all delegates applying, and where t h e con-News from Sicily states that a statoMtaam bad basal concluded between Garibaldi andare not known.The conditions of the armistice, propeesfl by 1 are:—First.—The retention of their respective positions b y both parties.eleveno'clockyesterdaymorning,when t h ey e a n of ana. and was apparentlythe Coronerappeared to be about forty-fiveT h e S l a v e B a r r a c o o n s . OCR KBT WEST COKKKSFONPKNCE.ings, and says the present rule in Sicily.A letter from Genoa,leaves Genoa this evening for Sicily to aid the I Itconsistsofasteamerladenwith armsaadand 800 picked men—all Italians, and old men. The nameofthecommandertounknown.In the House o f Lords Lord Brougham character ised the)bombardment of Palermo as the most atrocious not ever perpetrated, < ^ _ ^ _ —THE GREAT EASTERN.The day of sailing of the Great Eastern will not be pub-lished till after t h e trial trip o f Saturday. The paddies weretriedonMondaytat,andthepaddlesandi together on Tuesday, and the run of Saturday will iof twelve hours steaming down the channel. The N ewThe barracoonaof t h e island; are extensive, airy, comfortable, and well taken care of by a strong guard of United States troops and cititens. When within the enclosure one may easilyimagine himself to be in an African village; fourteen hundred wild Africans are grouped about, engaged in various diversions, or lazily basking in the sun; here, a party are having a war dance to the measured beat of the "Indian drum:" there, another dancing party—tho lascivious dance of the savage; seated on the ground yon der are a party whose leader seems to be improvising achant, theothersbeatingtimewith theirbands,anda r eo nthe seashore, on the south sideThetheatrewasdenselypackedthismorning,theboxesdelegates and not make peace. Whether the majority or The Convention was called to order shortly after tea The appearance of these poor creatures has wonderfully of the day, and speculation on the result was brisk it is desired the vessel should be to New York in lime forminority platform be adopted depends on the vote of thetor pure air, exercise and wholesome food. They do not pool betting, although some business was done on the the Fourth of July.New York delegation, and that depends on two or threewish to go back to African bondage.The benevolent abolitionists have as yet taken no noticeof their black ''brothers." No, not even has a lock of hair, a kind message or a pipe of tobacco been sent by the Northern negro stealers, who don't like this sort of interference with their trade. The poor "nigger" is therefore lea to the tender mercies of the "unterrifled" democracy,underwhosecare hecertainly isbetteroff*tnan ever before or hereafter, and is at present enjoying himself in the highest degree.traek, at $100 to $60 on the Southern mare Irona, win- ning il»' race. In the pools of $200 she sold for $125, and even as high as $135; Bourbon, $85 to $100, and Prophet, $26 to $35. In consequence of the lattor horse having won the two mile heat race on the first day, many were induced to pin their faith on him for this race, of the same distance, especially as he looked to blooming condi- tion. TheyalsorememberedthathehadbeatenPauline on that occasion iu 349'4, while Bourbon, his opponent in this race, was distanced by slasher in 3:46, and why the latter should be a better favorite than Prophet com- pletely surprised them. This apparent inconsistency in the betting, however, is but one of the many instances which are continually occurring in the transactions of the belting ring, and the result proved that, in the majority ofcases,publicrunningtoapretty correct guideforUiemoney bags of Corcoran or Belmont prevailIt was pretended this afternoon that the report was not ready, when everybody knows it could be put into a pageoffoolscap. Therealreasonisverydifferent—thering are the facts, odtained from for Seymour without palpable treachery. As for brow he would tea^wiem off and trample them under hisMassachusetts, to pass a law making it criminal on thepart ol any or the citizens to assist the United States Mar-shal in carrying out the law for the suppressionof the slave trade? Quere 2.—Has not Florida equally entering the straight rnn in, Prophet challenged, and a with Massachusetts a right to amend the law or Congress, good race ensued, the latter paising the judges' stand, on and declare that these imported negroes are forfeited to the first mile, half a length m advance of Irona, who was toe Stater IfFlorida were controlled bythe samelaw some three lengths aheadofBourbon—time1:66. Pro- andorderhatingraceasMassachusettstheywouldno phetcontinuedforcingtherunning,andthegraymare' on the way. and Ben Butler, of Massachusetts, says he will be tba and as Mr. Townaead passed he nominee of the party. But Richmond, being a practical ia vtotent btow on the side of the head. Mr. man, thinks (here is no chance unless the party is united, I by the blow, but recovered im- and be has no faith in the success of Douglas. Churchsafetyo f the foreign legations.COMMERCIAL NEWS., and springing on Mr Whiteley settad tan l yBoth are very powerful men, and they kept strikingrapidly at each other until Mr. Whrteley fell, Mr. Town-eead atoo falling over hint. My. TssTisand then -hook and Cagger have taken the alarm Met they should havefto Me. Whiaeleysesnawtatandsaid,"Sir,Iwantnodifficul- voteforhimifhawasofferedto theSouth. Richmond,. ty with you, and h* you will promise to behave yonteaifand leavu me atone I will Wt you up." Mr. Whiaatey re- to Dickinson, and will hold by Douglas as his standpointtillhe canget Seymour. HemanagedtohavetheCom- The landlord of the hotel, mtttee on Credentials defer their report till to-morrow, in order to give time to-night to operate on the doubtful de- legatessoasto induceItamtovetotortheadmissionofts make any promise, andThe Alleged Sin veOnTuesdaylastinformaltoo wasseat toOnitedStatesMarshal Rynders that the schooner MartonMa, which had Thebeetthingthephilanthropistscandoistolegalize AfterroundingtheupperturntheriderofProphettooka clearedthatdayforthecoastefAfrica,hadbeenfittedtheparties.rose he immediately thrust hisandregulate thetrade,sofarasCubatoconcerned;aud you may rely upon it, that with the trade thus opened, by proper restricting enactments, it would cease in five years, the market overstocked, the price of negroes re-pullathishorse,andBourbonwentonwiththerunning,the mare being next. On passing the M^na^m Huusetiny all appeared together, when Bourbon again wentahead, and Prophet cleae at his quarters, and the had burst, thus exposing tho character ef i mare,whowasclearlyoverpaoedmtheheavyground, theobjectforwhichshewanintended.and Cagger, to evade their objection to Dickinson, whose ascendancy would destroy them, want t o precipitate the crisis and reject the seceding delegates. RichmondLrvsaroot, Jane 8,1880. Cotton has been very heavy throughout toe week, andto admit them, and hold the party to*Just as the last beat was over the thunder storm, prices are irregular which bad been threatening for some time, brokeDirt ineen'rlHende art very active, and Church,over the course, and compelled all to flee for shel- ter. The rain descended in torrents, and the track, which had been in admirable condition after the preceding da *s rain,wasrenderedexceedinglyheavy—fettocd deep—for the horses. There was but little betting, Prophet having a decided tail at $100 to $80 on him. Some time elapsed in consequence of the heavy rata before the horses wereLonnon, Jentofl.UBO. Fair business te wheat, at rail prices.the seceders.To-day it is conceded that a majority of the delegationout as a slaver, and several boxes of ahackles had been carried on beard a short time before sailing, one of whichfeet. He desired this explanation to be made injustice tohimastoahaaaaaehwehe*hadbeenmade uponhim. Hehis remarks, and he took bis seat. ThePRXSIDKSTpresentedaletterfromtheFlorida dele-gation correcting what appeared to be an erroneous im- peaflon on the part of the Convention. The totter statedfive dollars sail near enough to hell to scorch his sails. who had the inside, lying second and Bourbon third.Ittinhatownpocket,saying,"IwilltakecureofandChurchofSewYork,eretobavethemanagementofttwdokntoand the generatohip ef the fight on the floor. reunite the democracy on the basis of the principles laid condition to that of servitude, they are brought up as Bourbon beating Irona by the same distance. Time, 4:04.Meantime, a luHnmistl llflplfh has been sent for the SouthCarduradelegation, and another Conventionmay he expected to meet hern to-morrow o r next day at theMaryland Institute.down by tho majority platform at Charleston. They had as yet seen nothing to warrant their return to the Conven- tion.slaves, they know ao better condition, and prefer serving the white man.To-day there are two races set down for decision—the first being for the proprietor's purse of $700. three mile heats;andthe otherforapurse of $400, given bytheMarshalThe vessel tatwould not be ready to report UB five o'clock. night. He said the North would s e e . bagm to and • recess till that hour.He movedlowed jtonjata rections foaPtotertag.The United Sutes •Mr- Hunter, of Louisiana, made a very strong speecn to- out that the South canto take eaja^.TsMsjKThe Convention Own adjourned till Ave P. Maand will be sold on t h e> 26th of this month.I SUSWJ e^snn^fw \snnseav«*h^tM sn*siiiiB**s^itl|^p)jBjjBjB£^sa, QQOa^Btnw9 *FV»tomakethesamebetintheaameoffc« tsjfiphrMTBDSTSJ t « 2 0 . - T h e rnflmfWInto m Cay*. Xntoeat, Wm. J Ruticket»Wtor, e f Tirgmln, end Richardson, ef' IBtoaw,, er Pugh.ofOhto. The Hunter men, however, on th e•ia delegation, refuse to reciprocate with the whowentwithItemforHunterwhileberimm. Gt». B. Jtajfen (taste),one*Jtoee/fltoftawe/sa*Corporal gpnuto, af the marine corps,fltoflat the aar-rtooe in Washington, after a brief iltoem, on *wdnv He totoetty rtjjubhejuictioa, a «nasty" espner cent was from the town of Wuilderiand. Albany eountv N yandeatatoiontoeitthofMay,Me?Htoage'was ernte,errscassava&its.harta"g-iffln^sassj nsaj ^mssmennnr ewas^^f srw**^^w^ wm^srwa sjwwai^m^ p w^witemwasa a n knownRaw. Mr. Marsefi, ranter of Christ Church, delivered anen" to fteward theto snrslnt oopper t i tideMr. Lrniow, of New Fork, said he had received officialwere run to the was got off theof toe nightThe Convention m e t thisadjourned tU! tomorrow morning, the Committee on Gray dentiatonotbeingreadytoreport.THE RICHMOND CONVENTIONThe President of the Richmond GonTentkn Sftdt several ofthea>cedii*delegatesarestillthem,toadjournfrom day to day until the result of toeBalUnwre OunvnhUon isi v t r VaYlanemts*. BcoMMiauoimns coenr.». to anf sMf seals e f the!*:•:inmnCmaSrSLfS! riventothem. InoticeasadvertatemeatofaPhils detphia Cafe Depot l a yonr ost&mas, eflbrtog C t o t o n 178t east; and test erasing *nary, at a ante of coins toJhtaeatfa^lhees Jptadaateate charged with votaaiari-tyservingonbuarCthe»laverFalmouth. Lwat.Abbott,oftheUnitedState*Navy,whowassenthomeincharge twenty-oneyean. HewasinterredwthmtoterrXotaT nnMfcandIwontoadv^enameofyonrftei af the defendants, tamMed to these facts which hareThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069:iHERALD.This occurred just asTbeWydahs brought in bytoeCrusaderareasuperb ensued,Bourboncomingupwithhishorses. Onpassingquarrels intheStatebadlongsince beenlaidatrest. But be did not recognise this as a fitting place for these personalallusions.Mr. Cuum, of Missouri, said tho remarks attributed to Mr. King bad been made by his venerable friend, Colonel Hunter. He proceeded, in justice to the latter, to attack the course of Col. Benton, whom he denounced as recre- ant to the democratic party and its principles.Mr. LCDLOW, ef New York, rose to a posit of ordeY. No question was before the Convention, and this discus- sionto out of order.The PRKarDErr—The gentleman from Missouri can only proceed by unanimous consent.Criesof"Goon," andloud criesof"No, no,"during whichMr.Kingmadesome sideremark to Mr.Clark,to which Mr. Clark replied in an excited manner, "I am not to be deterred by your threats."The Convention refused to allow Mr. Clark to proceed in I have beard it said that your Yankee skipper will fur Seamd Heat—horn went off with the lead, Prophet,Nothingtoknownofthepreparationsmadebythe Chinese.Thegovernment of Jeddo affects great alarmfortheIt is vain to attempt to suppress the slave trade; so long asnegroescanboboughtfor926andsoldfor$1,200.justso long will your Northern men continue this traffic, andit to the demoralisation produced among them by this bru-talistog trade which has degraded themto a set of law breakers,whowouldtrampletheconstitutionunderfoot. againcalledupfortheOther articles unchanged. TheBoursetoverydnil.Pamn,Jane8,1888day's racing of the Fashion off oa the- shove for Taeaday last, the unfe- efftasaasa proved to b e was bright and clear, and tothedaycontinueduntil thefirstbeatofthesecondCourse, L. I., sartogover the locality, and the rate descends 1 in such tomato as to cause a temporary delay in the resumption of the race, as well as rendering t h e track exoeedmgty heavy•Trackveryheavy.Yorkpilottoonboard. ThedayofsailingtenotintendedAstorsending the poor devils back to Africa, who be- toiling hopelessly in the rear. On entering the straight,lieves tflit as a measure of philanthropyf Why, the most Prophet joined issue, and running alongside of Bourbon a Joseph Thompson aud Stephen Wilson, Deputy ]officially communicated to the President, as the Floridadelegates were not accredited to this Convention. But alarge discretion was toft to the delegates, and they had teamed that his black brother prefers the "bush" rather lead of three-quartern of a length; tune, 2*0. He re-come here anxious to return to the Convention if they than the apprentice drudgery of Liberia. Inquireof these tained the lead all way round, and, easily shaking off the yesterday morning, a few miles outside of Sandy Book, eawsaychanceofdoingsowithhonor,astheydesiredto captives whether they wishtoreturnto Africa,thein brusheswhichBourbonoccasionallymade,camehomean andbroughtbarbacktoMowYork, flta Isnowlyingatsanguine colonizationist who ever lived has by this time short distance, quitted him, and passed the stand with a received orders to ewavtasf her, which they dM earlyvariableissprinsntoemphatically"No."Theirnativeeasywinneroftheheatandracebyhalfadozenlengths,anchortetheNorthriver,tochargeoftheUnitedIIt might naturally have beenTheUnitedStatessteamerMohawk,CaptainCraven, proprietor,milebeats,bestthreeiafive.Fortoeformer, wasfouadtoconswtoftheasaaleJassafgoodssuitablearrived on the 6th fromacruise, and will go toseaon P. C. Bush's ch. Alley Pauline, Thus. Doswell n ch. alley for a trading voyage to the coast of Africa. No The Pansmmrr explained that h e had net intended, In taking m provisions, coal and supplies. Captain Craven Rosa Bonheur, and C. Lloyd's Starbeam. are entered; for were found en board, imaking a statement, to be understood as saying that any reports that en the l*h of May, at t P. M, he discovered the latter, Throgsneck, the owner of the handicap, andofficial application had been made to him by the Florida a brig on shore on the Oalixas shoals. On approaching Irona will COBtend. A good day's sport may be confi- lead to the suppositionTo-night, as hat night, the more axcittog speeches havebeenmadenaboth sidesfrom Mmstepsofthe OitmoraHouse by the Southerners, and from Seventy Johnson'soy u a wwswa men, Dots Close logcvuer, m aawn usquare, IDS suQ&oero w^^| teAo away saoai oi toe cvwwu. information frW'tie; tppn\itofp oa Credentials that they port, bound to theMohawkwas •, hawsersto toewas the brig Tangier, of Seare-Morcaa anchorage. The Mohawk gave the captain di-Crusader sailed on the 8th onherthewasdisplayed. theabnal idently anticipated.Obltwnry.u x T T . o n o . r . WKUSH, C . a. s.The funeral of Lieut Geo. P. Wetah, United States Navy on the 18th test., at Tort, Pennsylvania Thewas buried with military and8terret Ramsey, Lieut, t i l United Slates Navy; Lieut. Samatt, United States Major ejssjsenk Glats and Hay, acted as pall tassoj battalion of volunteers were sssnansatoto by Can*.Eton*.WelshUiadatAaptowalLon beard thefrtentoSa- bine, on ttafltWt of AnriL^bs nsnatos wora brought homehitheUnitedStatesstoraahipRelief.wastheobjectofherUntitled DocumenttoThe barks WIM Fare and William have been condemned,The commercial news to very meagre. all which has come to hand —The following isdated 3 d , says a n expeditionMM. www.fultonhistory.com 