 if . y>n7 a.:» ;r ita ris :- sr i« e a « • dx I egeHe wasbusilyenvsgedinstrengtheningtheFortof ingntoftheplatformadoptedatBaltimore,attheMary- Tnixillo, and was confident that be could nold out until land Institute, and by our State Convention, a t Syra- reinforcementsreached bim.Hitwillberemembered cuse,itwould notreceive thesanctionofour.party;officers have been ignorant of those delectable place?, guidmovement,whilepedestrians,thoughseekiogthe suchasthepoliceareobligedtokeepundersurveillance,Schoener$10.V.M.$20,Pardi$2.Corraditt $2,Bionibi$2> MoDtesazza $ 2 . Antavuni $ 2 , Mantini $ 1 , Mavesea' $ 1 , Belli $1, Grandts $1, G.Marchesiori $1, Verole Verri $1, M. $1,F.Autjero $5, GeorgeW. Greene $5,G.Wood$5.The following $1,221 were received from the Nelwport Com.* mittee:August Belmont $100, Wm. S. "Wetmore $100, Hiss Hazard! $1C0, A Friend of tbe Italian Cause $ R « , Collected by Signor Patania$150,ttFriendofForestl$50,p:dsvardKing$75,Cha*. K. Norton $30, 8 . A. Lawrence $ 5 0 , Alexander Duncan $ W r W m . H . Kingl$50, George H . Calvert $30, Hamilc^n Hoppbs$20, Morgnn Gibbes $20. John C<vry * » Samuel Elliott $20, H T.Tpckerrran $20.J.B, Ford $20,DanielPartsh$2<J.A. Robeson $20, Daniel Le Roy $15, Samuel G . Arnold $15, D r . Elliott $10, T. G . Brvan $10, Mrs. D . King $10, Q+o. A . King $10^HenryEPierrepo'nt 910,T.G.Ogdeii $10,Eddie King $10. TotoL $8,285. «-Ofthi8»um, $403 were forwarded to tho NaHonal Society a t Turin for Gaiibaldi, and the rest per«onally to htm* I*% •iUntitled Document.- yV^'^V/.:•'• •'••••.•'\ $$$M•V ^SJ^^^H^MSttWilijI^a^B^^ft^*^*^^•svfetyofthattown. ThereoeatdefeatofMiramonat -Leges fcae infused great co afidoaee in the Liberals, and volunteer*arehorrjJOKtothe fight iaordertohaveit said that they tmaatad-iii overthrowing the Church "par^r. The Rio-Grande ie oh a grand rise, a n d fearsr areente.tniotdtb»-anoverthrow will result. TheTexas frontier is all qui*11rcm Mexican distnrliancee. Cholerahasmadeiwappei^noeinthstosenofVicto- ria,100aitfe*aboveAitttaci.o*a*. Gen.Pecbecoofthe Liberalarmf>waskilleda>.Lagos.The fcVoviog aiduiooa items a r e taken from the Prirara of Tampicot.THE FUSIONPROGRESSING.cron-ded tho theater forthe past three weeks. The eucbcccaeicia ecocld leave theircigars at homo,or eai<ii<e fcy.ebootiog himself throughfthe' head wiflU « •who !liaa" deeiin6d'''thynbjni£atiflin of'tie State Goia- HSason, asa whole, has beenj a fine success;and has retire to some place where their smoking wiil not be hea>Ujr loaded revolver. The Fifth Ward Policedi<'exeign > when ktngv>ot I session idvwed »<iictedH, bnt xe, and Inmost ot theof re- ae half or the>Uand gerons i^roard©nora- y ^pro- y fromnal.In j£ta at- >• Bt«Oftv>nof?; na-•f>W-.King" hare ?araa~vhose Go the ire of • rther-1 am dver-if h te- lle theaaygto.3. you BOT-wiih I ices, yon, ew? jhidl may roar able willito" ver ton Unl- ive »eitnut er*oft 5 />mth J*uib,ie . >e b ».joined Walker, though he hadjraised the Central Amori- icsinHag. SovereigntydootrineofMr.Douglas,andanabandon-day,asfurnished usbythe politeneaa ofCapt.Ren- wick,madeupfom actualcountattheseveralen- trances,t*as7,000pedestriansand125equestrians. There were also I;500 vehicles. 'Dec*atedwasabout25yjar*ofage.Zaolaga is taking bis est * a t Hipolite.T h e friendsMr. Smith offered the following resolutions, which wereadop<ed:Wlie-retiJB, Th© Nab'onal Deraocrccy o f thia State defiro most are Mies Charlotte. Cusbmtm, w h o , despite h e r a n - Fiiday evening,'signalized'the close o f tho remarkably eninrstlytonvorttheimpetdiDgcalamitythttnow-threatensoar nounceddecision, onherreturnfromRome, toactno successfulseasonoftheWizard oftheNorth,andtheof Miramon have conceiv *d t h e diabolical project ofdecaritgbim insane, in o»der to remove another ob-stacle"to his (Miramon 8) continc&tion in the Presi-!dency.The mail which left Moi iterey f#r Monclova and thefrontier towns o f Co^buila on the 13tb; w a s taken by .theinsurants,aod onrh*if>t> n>'iceofit3losswasthe brush trade will get up a brush o f Iron wire i a - 6tead of bristles, they will confer a favor upon th* owners of worm-infeeted trees, j Sack brushes wool*• .Oovon>mcnt Mid cotmtry, and to defeat the election o f Lincolnand Hamlin; and,Whereat, This State Committee, desirous o f doing all In theirpower toward accomplisaing ^hi»object,determined tounitefinalfaxJing cf all the glories of the Paych >mantheum.Mr. Edwin Booth, the young tragedian, will play The compliment, ti the feast w as directed at the be more effective than scrapers, and if pretty thor-pnbhsbedthatthecorrespcridencemifchtberepeaud.. The Bishop Espionoea bis been liberated bv Dejrol- lowing letters^Yoikforeeveralyears. Mr.Joseph Jefferson isen-A-STOR HOUSE, N. Y., Sept. 4,1860. ' De»n Richmond i« Chainran, provided it could be done on hon- gaged for a limited number of nights. Mr. John 8. for a period of eight years, and faithfully falfilled all they could be attached to poles, to reach high np andm^v., .„•*>:•*5^£$$§^*^YA <^$1 'HMliitiiiihitoffNEW-YORK. DAILY TRIBUNE, MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, lSW.put upon theJimbs of political prisoner:*, who, tcr rivet resolutions to which yoa refer. •which^hould obtain the names of nine District Electors and one Elector at Largo, and to divide equally the State ticket.Resolved, That this proposition is our ultiasatum, and its re- jection by tre Richmond organV.a'ion closes negotiations on ourthem more fiimly, aho.nt f* Viva hi libertad ! "The Keaoaonwts are elill without resonrcei. The rebbiohop and the clergy iefase to advance tm> faodaYours r«-«pectfwily, B . WOOD, Chairman.Mr. Mott offered tbe following preamble and resolu- tion, which was adopted:The Empire City Regatta Club holds its sixt?) annual Regatta from Conrad's Yorkville Park to-day.j T h e danc'ng platform on the Park will be appropriated to the accommodation of ladies and gentlemen desirous of,t have been demanded offl them; ke*piog their tre is-, perhaps, t ^ meet t rfater emergeacies. The co n- roittee of Three ha* been'appointed by 'he State Committer, o fTEN BRECKINRIDGE ELECTORS AND HALE TBB8T A TE TICKET.OFFICIAL REPORT.The National Democratic State Committee met at the AstorHouse,inthiscity,onFriday,7thSeptember,v1860,atnoon. :The following membsrs e f t b e Committee werepresent:Districts. " (—GnstnvTiB W . Sraitli, TliaJd<Mi* P: Mott.I I — J w M. Folk, VViiMam R- dfot*. II1—Joseph O. himbroa-k. MawhewrMoMihsu. lV~George H.Tajlor,J Champ'ta HaniiMLV—John A. Green jr., Noruiaa Maltbr. VI—Abraham H MfilM.VII—Alber* G..Wb©el^r, .TerT^rson T. Raplee. VUI—Iwael T. Hat jh, George P. iSddy.TheChairman laidbefoie theCommittee the-fol-ventiou. y.' ' " '•;.:On jujotiw, t h e State Committee adjourned tillSaturday,at 10 a;xu. "'"' '•'-'' ''".';'. SATURnxr,'September8,1860.TLoStateCommitteemetat10o'clock,parsuanttoput rnwh mone? into.the pockets of tbe managers.Too Winter Garden, t h e regular season o f which /begins,to-night,isunder thedirectionofMr.A.W. Jackson,agentlemanwellacquaintedwiththo'atfical management,andwiththerequirerientaofBroadway Theaters. Hewillconductit-ohthestarsystem,audan aDDoyartce to others. n<t report tbe cau*e which led Autoine to destroy hum- i The ntimcer of visitors to the Central Park on Satur- eelf. T b e Cor< ner w a s notified t o hold a n inquest.lado and gone to Mexico.A pronnnciamento i n factor o f the Liberal cause h a s been made by the reacti -nists of Hoi -hapan, Actopaca, vfllegranandNapola,by"wbi«h800morssoldiers have been transferred from t h e Central to the Libaraly.The Bold in Official of }Tonterey gives an accountCommittee, representing th e friends of .Bre kinridge as honor and sound policy will allow. , bandofin»urgeutsofAairamberria'upartyandthe andLane,Willbeinsessionat'theAstorHouse,in •Resolved,ThfttthonghwedesiredtounitewiththeRichmondf a slight engagement i t th e Boisucba betweenperformances are a s thoroughly artistic, a s they a r estrikinglyoriginal. Amongthecompanyengagedarejsionsofconfidenceandregard. Tbekindnesswas MissKateWemyes,MissAdaClifton,Mn.C.'Thorns, acknowledgedinbaodsometerms. ToastswerethenoopsofVidaurri,inwhichtwowerekilledoneach ide.Carvajal,Berrisoval,Pueblita,AntUFonandother iritis were quietly jrepariD^ to meatsnTd arms with those who styI« themselves the defenders of religion, and y e t esieem i t meritorious t o assassinate theirbrethren.Gnada'ajara continues tofoe closely besieged b y th eLiberal forces, and there, isja prohnbiti y tbatowiog to ihe dismay and dissatLrfactibn o f the besieged, i t would Soon be taken by the oeeeigwrs.ibiscity,onFiiday,the7thinaL;at12o'clocknoon, oigantzfttion,forthesolepurposeofdefeatingLiniolnaudHam- and will bepleaued toconsideranypropcaitionyou lininthisState,wecannotaccept,asabasisforcombinedaction<(press that yourself, and Mr. Wm. D. Kennedy and Mr.LaflinhavebeenappointedaCommitteefromtheorganization Therefore, fRe»olvtd, ThatthisCommitteeapproveofthe'propositionment in New-York a t this theater. W e believe that tbisappearance-ofthisyoungmanherswillmakeanpear*d in his favorite Scottish suit, and vas surrounded atthebrilliantboardsbytherepresentativesofthe• • •THE NEWPICTUREGALLERY.—ANew-YorkcotwWkereas, This State Cciumittee is informed ^hat a Snb-Com-eicialbooseswhichhaveht*r«tofcrefurnishedfunds yhirhDeanRichmondisChairman,ut6 o»nier.withanypolit- Ref>lv*d,Thatourcaxdidaioserebeforethepeopleuponthefbr the oanse, are b okeo, and tbe tttte of despondency a!nd disorganization which is.prevalent ia the Central ijarty, is t*rrible and agoniz intr.j Jgnaia and Taxco are ia poeeeesron of Alvarez and Artvaga, and the editor hojes that ere this Caernava-TJ8 in the same condition. " -^Tuxcooo w a s aleo occupied b y the Liberal forces hieh, like be»s, sufronnd! M<>xico, and unised would rm a bedy o f 3,000 men : tnd couid carry o a t their The editor conchados:" finally the Conetituticnal flig waves over all pkrte of the country; up >n i.ie plains of the Cordilleras; on the hills and in the vallejls of the lo -ver country; on the margins o f the Golf andjthe Pacific oce-m. Tboas- afads have consecrated tbeir repoa*, tb«ir lives, and the prcapects o f their families, t o tne t»iainph o f tho.oau3e of the people. Tbi* oagbt tjo animate us. W e await t$e result wi'Jbout fcaror haugbtioeBS. W e wait a s resolute men who have put their trost in God and ia tliejusticeoftheircause. JTuisexperience,andthe c<>r9cioasness o f tboss eacrifices, 'will canse us w eter- nally hate tyranny and discord, and forever to remem- w>r those who have gejer-ipsly sacrificed themselves•on the sacred altars ol their, count y.*'.part in regard to this important-question.ical organizadon for the purpose of securing the corporation of gTeat principles of National Democracy, the Constitution, andalti»hoar»opposedtotheRepublican,party;"andwhereat, tbeequalityof"SovereignStates,thedecisionofthe,Supreme anch Sub-Comn-ittee of Throe ha» repr«aented thatit wouldbepopulace. The bountiful harvests o f the country, the having an uninterrupted view of the regatta.GJEN.WALKER'SMOVEMENTS.Yonr* respect.*ully, " AUGUSTUS S6HELL.Tbe chair announced a s a Committe of Conference, Mr. Mctt aud Mr. Miller.The State Committee then took a recess till 3 o'clock P m-Duiing tbe recess the following correspondence took plac?:NEW-YORK, Sent. 6, I860.ToJohnA.Green,jr.,Chairman Central Committee.Sin': The Democratic State Central Committee hav-ing appointed a Sub-Committee, of which I am Chair-man, have concluded to accede to. your proposition, andwill report favorably on tbe same to t h e State Ceutralatically rendered will b e produced. The Prodigal Son - iSKDUCTIOK UNDER PROMISE O F MARRIAGE.—On edifying and attractive retorts for tbe cultivated classesof this metropolis, and if .we may jodge from the suo- ccfs of tbe Dufseldorf Gallery by itself, Mr. Derby, even in tbe vastly enlarged scale" with which he h a s undertaken to cater for the artistic tastesof oar eiti- zers, will not fail to recp a r e ward which will enable him readily to increase the value and attraction of hi* Institute. For my part, I cannot b u t consider it a n encouraging feature in civilization, such an institutio** maybeopenedwithanassuredprdspectofsuccess."'*••SUBSCRIPTION TO GARIBALDI'S FUND FOR iTAtr.-—The bark Carib, from Traxillo, Honduras, August 1\,has arrived at Boston.. By itwe have some facts concerning Walker's movements. T h e following isfrom The Boston Traveler:Capt. Hopkins states that when he left Walker hadmade complaint against Robert Elder, that on the 22disequence o f the present ti oubles, has not been a c - ;|n> pushed.JThe city, when Cspt. Hbj.kins left, had beencom-pjjetery deserted by i s inbat itants. men, women, and' Wren, -who, to the number >f 2,500 to 3,000, had fled, with Mr. Wood and Mr. Laflin, two members of thatThe Bowery establishments have already entered t h efield. The Summer season j aet past has been an u n -usually profitable one:thetown hasbeensoover-IT AL Y«fcCo., have sent us a map ofItaly, on a scale of about teenth, was transferred to the Court Squad, at thepleaded to mebt a simDar Snb-Coamittee from thi« body: tht-ereiore.J?cWt*W, That tbtf Chairman of tbis State Committee, together with two other members to be *el«ct<»d by him. cons itute a Sub- Comr ittee of Conference on the part o f .hi* body, to meet and confer Immediately witli^tlie Richmond Sub Committee i and that, vrht-it.wt) adjourn, we adjourn to meet this, afternoon, at 8 o'clock at tbe'Aator House. ;- •Adopted, and Messrs. T . P . Mott a n d A . H . Muller appointed a eub-committee, together with Mr. Green.The Chairman then laid before tbe Committee the following communication, which was ordered on file: Messrs. GEifARD HALLOCK, JOHN A . Dix, and J . H .BROWJER: '••.••O>:>TS: A%aninformilmeetingofsomeoftbe friends of Breckinridge and Lane, held tbis morning, the in- closed resolution vea* adopted, and you wtre appointed a Committee t o transmit the same t o t h e Breckinridge State Coxrrr.it*ee.Court of tho United.States, and the equality of white men. Resolved, That the Chairman of this State Committee be re- quested to communicate': tbe foregoing preamble and resolutions to the Chairman of tbe Richmond Stat© Committee; and that our Chairman appoint a Committee o f threo t o prepare a n Address to tho National Dewocracy'ef tbis SUte, relative-to t h e ques- tions at iitsuft in this campaign, a n d t h e principles and attitudesof tbe National Democracy.The-Chair appointed as a Committee on the ad- dress, Messrs. Smith, Russell, and Harrison.The Committee then adjourned, subject to the call ofthe Chairman.After this explosion of wrath on the part of the Breckinridge Committee, the Douglas Sub-Committee decided not to have tbe onus of.refusing to fuse throTTO uponthem,andMr.BeujaminWood,itsChairrmn• prospect o f good prices therefor, apd t h e consequent plentecusnees of money, send joy" through the hind, and the theaters TTcill receive their ehare o f t b e universal prosperity i n t h e good time coming. The managers have not been idle .during their long Summer reet, b u t have been ever on t h e lookout for ne w; plays and tal- ented artists_ with which to tempt, the public.Barnum's Mus(um.—The indefatigable Mr. Barnum also enters the dramatic, field with a strong company, by the aid of whom h e intends to revive a style of drama long since fallen into' disuse. He proposes tom iAt the Democratic barbacue on Wednesday in Jones's Woodp, Herechel V. Johnson, the candidate for tbe Vice-Presidency on the ticket with Mr., Douglas,".1. -"3BRUSHOFFTOTSWORMS'EGOS.-NOWftthett»et# examinethetne-, and,wrrar*thebark,andbraak away tho eggs of worms that have been deposits* dorirg the Sommer, and by which the next year's ore*made by our Chairman, and our Sub-Committee c f Conference, havetoinformyou.tbhttheNational-Democratic State mittee,andarouuanimoiulypftheopinionthatthoywentasfar/•4\ \!mayseefittomakethem.I aro, yotini very truly,JNO. A . GREEN. Jr.Chairman of the National Sute Dem. Com. BM.VAMIS' WOOD, esq.METROPOLITAN HOTEL, Sept. 6,1860.JOHN-A. GRXKS, jr., Chairman of Committee, ((C.SIR: Your nole of the 4th inst. is received and its contents duly considered. T n e Comtaittee which IagainsttheRepublicanparty,alessnumberofElectorsthanthe Richmond <rganizMion have elready given upon their ticket to thotie hereditary foes of Democracy, the Know-Nothings; to accept &loB*number would bo burtiliating, and would dissatisfy the National Democracy of the State to an extent that would defeat tbo object we had inview.Resolved That this Si ate Committee deeply regret* that th e Sub-Committoo appointed by the Bichmond organization haveCouldock who will act here during tho engagement of Miss.Cuehman. ..'?.:. / .' The Old Bowery has been closed all Summer, but is now open and doing a driving* business undtr the able management of George Wood, formerly of Cincinnati.ThePresidentofthe United States " w a s responded to b y Mr. Delavan. Brief and admirable speeeches were made for the press and t h e drama b y Messrs. Stuart, Wilkins, O Brien,have.tbe hnonor to represent, would be phased to meet refused to accept »nd recommend t" th»ir State Committee the 1 The City of Mexico is Writhing under oppression. a similar Commitree, eppoimed bv your body for the proposition n-ade to them b y eur .Chairman and Committer ofUnited States.'; .-....-AE £ ?T,0rry# ^r* Derbv'ifc app*ws, b u •r^0 ranged with Mr. Jarves te deposit this collecaou in hi* institute for the present, to b* thrown opAn to the pub- lic the coming month. I have seen the MS. catalogue, and it embrace* B O t only numerous Hpecimens o f W Pw-Rapbaelues in good back grouudufpanel picture.,of the early IloTeutme, Sieuf»e. and Umbrian eohoola,such as Giotto, Ctambue, Gaddi, Orgagna MaTr*ri- tino, and other novel names, b u t t h e more familiar ones o f F r a Fillippo Leppi, Ghirlau<fago, Credi Aat- dra del Sarto, F r a Bartolomeo,. Fra Angelioo L ^ e - nardo da Vinci, Eapliael, Sodoms Luna, SiguorellL Perugiro, coming down t o t h e Carracchi, Goido Reni Do-renichno. Murillo. V^lasqu'-z,Salvator,Rosa. &C, c-tists with whom our publto.have some degree of acquaintance. At first eight, such an array of name* naturally bepete doubt but ajn examination of the nu- merous certificates and data which accompany this col-lection, by the best known judges of Europe, iucladm^' the officials of several of the publicflr-illerieB, convinced me that I mig' t Imv* eonfideoce in this 'gallery, a s be- ing a getuine and valuable one, and one which will b a . without a parallel, in this country, and one of the great- est interest and ntiiity in making our public familiarThe chains ofthe criminalsjhave been taken off and pnrpoee of accomplibhipg the object set forth in the Conference, viz: To unite with us upon auuioa electoral ticket,ence between the seasons of last Winter and of this Summer. - . - . ;•••The.various miusfrels companies have returned fromtheir customary Summer jaunts, with a n acceaeion ofhealth and a stock of new jokes, and once more thedulcet strains of the baDjoand the bones delight theResolved,That,in'theopinionofthismeeting,itisadvisablethat an Electoral ticket,composed of all the op s n o u t s of Lincoln,frboulHbeformed,andthatwhilewearewilling to(leave.tothe (Mr.Wm.D.Kennedj',forBornereasonorother,al- Brtckir tidzt Sta e Committee the urrangeme^tof the details andth* pielimiUarirs of such ur ion, we reoommend said Committeeto claim an eqnaUty of the Eleotor&l and S^ite ticket.Tbenewfire-escapeofLeonardlying,mentionedio,SIR: In reply"to your note of tbis date, I beg to in- formyouthatatthemeetingoftheStateCommitteeCommittee. That proposition was that the fiisnds ofBreckinridge and Lane should name ten-Ebctors and lor, who has engaged many and efficient auxiliaries.-. promise o f marriage. Elder pleaded n o t guilty, b u ttwo candidates on the State. ticket—namely, Lieuten- Dusseidorf.Gallery.—This fine .collection of paint- was held to bail in tbe sum of $2,000 by Justice Bren-,-.-*''•41«a^journmei-t, the same members present ajester-,„though o n tbe 'Sub-Committee, has not. acted wi'h. M r . Wood), addressed the foliowirg letter, to Mr. Green:formed to-night, and is founded on the beautiful storyof Joseph and his.brethren. Should this one prove ac-ceptable t o t h e public, other Scripture stories dram-antGovernorandCanalCommissioner. ingsisopentothepublicnightandday,atNo.548 nan. HenryRCamming*ofNo.101Woosterstreet expected. H is present forte consists of 92 men, all heM here according to announcement, the incloeed res- F. L. LAJLIN, Seoretary. . B WOOD, Chairman. Broa^way, and strangers can find no place to pass their became his bondsman, and he was ordered t i appear onriceivednoreinforcement*,thoughtheywere'dailytold, five orsixof whom aie stated tobe nativeBos- olutions were adopted. The Sub-Committee are readyt<nians. Amons others, a man named Reed, formerly to meet you immediately, at such place as you desig- Thus the plan of fusion only awaits the adhesion of leisure hours more pleasantly. ••"•the first Monday in October.. .clerk in the New-£ng<and ilouse and other hotels; a nate. Kespectfully yours,the Douglas State Central Ccmmittee, to whom it is recommended by the Sub-Committee. •CITY ITEMS.Ilooley $• Campbell's Minstids.—This company have taken Niblo's Saloon for the Winter, and are giv- ing a series of entertainments that till the house every night. Tbe singing is good, much of it above the aver- a^e metjt of minstrel nunc, and tbe jokes t r ; , many ofthem,newtothislatitude. Thefunisfanny,whichThe Italian National Committee o f New-Y ork, composed o f V . Botta, E . P . FaWri, M Pasta'caldi, G . Albinola, Dr. CeccartnJ^.O. Fa'bbricottt E . G . Fabbri, G Nvgreiti, G . Valerie, »ad G . Gajecnj, in publishintc the list of tbe .subscriptions already ob- tained by them, bejj leave to call the attention o f the frieud* ot Italy to tl e decisive strugglo in which Garibaldi is now eogaaod.A "timely aid a t t h i |supreoie moment may decide the riotory,and Garibaldi la nov more than ever io lioed o f material aid; a l l " rumors to the cont^ try are untrue. Any unco, intrurted tothi* Committee, either >y individuals or by other Coumitteea, wlHbe immediately forwarded personally to Garibaldi, and a receipt published in the papers. jM. Patrficaldi $]Of>. Otto KabricotH *1<>0, G. Ne)rrotti $100, D. AHrochi *100, F . G . Child <£50. E . Miller *50, Or C««c«ari- ni$25,C.E.Norton$20,G.S.Theyr$25 E.R.Mudge-kCo.young manHoyt,and aexTge«n, who, fromhi>de- fcnt tion/rtigbt answer for Creofge Oliver, who served •witn distinction asn sarge<n in theKuesian service during the Crimean war.This force is armed with rifles and clothed in partwith newuniforms which hadbeen preparedforag sard of soldiers who were to accompany the authori-ties o f Honduras in the expedition to take possesdoa of the sub-Committee, through their Chairman, s u b - Ejuatan from the Britr^h Go vernment. b u t which, i n,\ •POLICE CoMMissiONERS.—At th e meeting of th eBoard of Police. Commissioners, on Saturday after- noon, the following transfers weie made, among other business transacted:. Sergeant Mills, of' the Seven-'MtorHoase: Sept. 7,1860. " J . A . GREEN. JOHN A. GREKN, E»^.:—Dear Sir: Tbe Sub-Com-mittee, of which I am Chairman, will meet your Com- mittee a t Delmonico's, a t %l o'clock.The American Pharmaceutical Association meets to- morrow in tbo hall' of the University, WashingtonYours Respectfully,Sept. 7,I860. * % WOOD.\-_«.. AMUSEMENTS. —Oj wni ng of.Me Season.—TheTheStateCommitteereassembledat3 p.m., whenr e g - ular Winter season of the theatres is now a t baud, and twoatleastofthe.Broadway bouses beginthe cam- paign to-night, and the others will follow next week.mitted the following> ';REroRT. ;:»GARIBALDI.—Messrs.,N .The^Bub-Committeewith the gnb Committee of which Benjamin: Wood, eeo,.,isChairman,report:ThatwemetatDebnonico'swhich was appointed toconfercrowded with sight-seeing strangers, that the ab'ssneeietoKtatan,sometothemountains,andothersallsubCommittee,Mr.Kennedybeingabsent,aswas H.P.Gardnert$50,F.Heyne$10.Cerqua.there«ultofacon-albng t h e coast, abandoning their property t o the iu- viders. "|Sofax,however,this property.bad been respectedbyWalker,and twomenwho hadbroken intotne committee,askingustorecommend toourStateCom- «tor*ofamerchanthadbeen:lentencedtothreemonths mittee towithdraw-ourentireElectoral ticket,in imprisonment. A proclamation ' w a s also issued b y consideration that they would recommend thsiir State WaJker that hereafter any scttdief who should commit Committee to give us naif the State ticket, and would a robbery should be immedi*tely shot. Only four men aleo recommend t o their State Committee to request wire leit in Truxillo beside Gen. Walker's forces, oneof] whom was the United Stares Consular Agent, andthe others Spania- ds from ab: >ad.The cause of the panic ai >ng th e inhabitants wasthe fear that on the a?p»*aran i of the Central American seated that we did not feel that we could trust the forces they (the native*) won be considered allies of leaders of their organization, who had proved them- the fillibu«t*r forces and puni led accordingly. When selves unfaithful to . previous pobtical engagements Capt.Hopkinsearedtherewksnoappearanceofthis made,orattemptedtobemade,withthSm:thatas hoetile force, nor h a d a single native o f the countrymendablewillingnesstobeattracted.-Aplaythatis breathingsofcountryair,bemoanedtheirsadmistake; ment,andgivestbemenandofficersanopportunityofboth new and good, aud that is a t tbe same time well acted, is a loadstone ever potent enough to attract moneysenoughtofillthepocketsofthemo3texacting manager'.At Lawra- Kcent's lit. Jefferson, with Mrs.'John Wood, has produced tw o new plays, both founded on tbe visit ol the Japanese Princes, and he afterward brought tbeseason to.a triumphant closewiththe American Cousin. T u e n e t profits of this enterprise were very large.that a vessel which'arrived atpe v-Oleaas a few days since from Truxillo Aug. 23, reported hearing a can- nonading a t iiuatan, supposed t o b e from t h e jointand that it wou'd be impossible to combine the anti- Lincoln vote of the State under such circumstances.signals for a little shower, but th e scanty clouds that Lad collected were epent in a few descending drops, in- sntlicitnt to laythe,dust ofthestreets. Inashort time after ward, .the grand mall at the Central Park begtin to fill up with people wending their way toward tbe Fountain T<ii race, close by which the concert was to tako place. Such a multitude of umbrellas and par- asolswe;eraised—-forthe sjmwaspouring down a iieiy.beat—as.to give to the far-reaching crowd the appearance, .of. a n oriental procession. T w o large awnings bad been stretched over seats sufficient to ac-ent, and omit to give srich attention to duty as the rules and regulations of the Department require of them.*>;4z1 .**«':••'v'•W e then made a proposition to Mr. Wood's sub-com- attackoltheBritishwarves*>iandthearmyofGaar- mittee,askingthem torecommendto,tbeirStateCom- diola, President of Hondurasi, upon Walker, but of mittee to place on their Electoral tickst eleven of ourtbi^surmise we have not yet r sceived any confirmatory District Electors and one of .our Electors a t large, in intelligence.] case our Electoral ticket should b e withdrawn; also, ' ©f coarse this movement oi Walker involves consid- that tbe four caariidktes for Stale officers should bedeclining to recommend it as a refusal.We then made a second proposition to M r. Wood's ^.rib-committee, asking them to recommend the same leave,signedbyGeneralWalijer. Itisbeaded,''Ke- propositiontotheirStateCommittee,excepttbttwe pablie o f Honduras," and in it he is styled commander »bould take ten instead of eleven District Electors, andTHEMERCANTILE LIBRARYASSOCIATION.—The$25, Thomas R Hazard $25 John Paiue $25. J«me8 Summons 20equally divided. We stated that we would recommend the adoption of this proposition to our State Go umittee. •Mr. Laflin replied that he would n o t make a n y such recommenda ion to his Committee. Mr. Wood declined •£>to30percent,totheGovernment ofHonduras. to*aywhetherhewouldr*commend itornot;butbe These goods, i n consequence of the troubles, they were said be wonld submit i t to liis State Committee without obliged to. reabip aoa^return to Bostoa with the out- recommendation. W e told him we would construe hiserable loss not oily to natives of Traxillo, bob also to citwens of the United States. The owners of the bark. Carib, merchants o f this cit'% bad goods which they had forwarded to Truxillo and paid the duties exacted,Ward cargo of the Carib. \The Carib, ioBtead of a regutar clearnrce, tbe autho-loetrated" by Miss Koene, Miss Polly Marshall, M r s . J. IT. Allen, Mrs. Lotty Hough, M rs. Vining, and Messr8.C.W.Couldock,Daly,J.G".Burnett,C. Peters, and Mr. D. Leeson. „ ,mufcic stand, also, protected by an awning. Noar the top of the hill, to tbe east of the Grand Lawn, were arities havirg all abandoned tbe place, has a permit tolic, that hardly a word, in addition, ie needed from us. the receipt of the following turns since the last report:o f t h e p l a c e . o n e o f t h e E l e c t o r s a t L a r g e . W e s t a t e d t h a t w eweek, and it was f.:und that here' tbe moat pleasingb e r s a n d f r i e n d s o f t h e A s s o c i a t i o n a t t h e r o o m s t h i sD. 1). Meed a n d30-3* 5 0 031 99 50 0 » 109tenjdays."jit would not be amiss t o suggest to the U. S . Gov-adoption o t tbis proposition t o our State Committee. Mr. Wood declined to say that he would recommend it, and we told bim w e considered this declaration as a refusal. ••Three ladies,' Madison Co., N. Y.,ernment to send here a veaRejTof war for the protec-tion] o f American property in tibis region. This affairistheruinofallofus,andIfeartbatTruxillowillbetsubjected to the same fate as Granada and Nicaragua."* • Ccmmittee to accept- of one ha'f tbe State ticket, a!nd22»»$295 3 » 12,05876...$12,354 09- 95Frout-*t '.•tFIRE.KIRK IK PKAKI. STKEJTT.Comedywill,asever,betbechiefattractionCHILD S«;FVOCATE».—A child seven months o?drson c f Patrick Konua. livlr? in the rear o f No. 61 Watt street, WBS suffocated i n consequence o f accidentally falling into t h a vaultEMBANKMENT CASUACTY.—A.manwhosenameis tmknownfelld"»wnanembankmentintothecellarconwroC Eighth Btreet and .Sixth avenue, and was dangeronslyiujured. He was taken up insensible, and convoyed to Bellevue Hospital.? . '. • , [Advertisement.]durim?whichgreatimprovements havebeen made IntheLtoo- tUreRoomin the way of ventilation, decoration, &c. This A f- ternoon at 3 o'cloclf, and this Evening at "J, the splendid Histori- cal Drama " JOSKVHA>DMIXBIUCTHRBN,"will be produced,b y one of the bout companies in New-York, with new scenery, cos- ttunes.Uc,kc BAKNUJ*.theirrepressible,giveshisvisitor* "a t»tk" at the openir g." This alone will secure a rush. All th* living wonders aud other curiosities will be visible'at all hours.. [Advertisement.]A FACT.—Young lawyers before engaging i apractice, would do well to have a carefully pre•pared PHussrsorfoctioor- CAL CHAHT made out, fromwhlch thoy may loaru how to direct their powers t o the best advantage, t o overcome difflience ami sensitiveness, and t*> understand oxactly the. sphere or place im lifetheycanber.t filL KOWUBKitWBuut, No.308Broadway* give CUAUTS with full written desorlptiou of character dafly.[Advertisement.] j -,.GAS FIXTURES.—Dealer^ and others pre mvitea to call at our great depot for Gas Fixture v A large:stook o f n#*r p&ttems now on liana. WAKSKH, PKCX It Co., manuiactawesbOb Satcrday night a lire occurred ia the wine-cellar of (fbarles Kline, JJfo. 368 Pearl Btreet, in consequence -ofoieoftheemployeesaccidentallydroppingabghtedeantleamongsomebasketscontainingstraw.; Bat littJ< damage was done, the fiafnes being extinguished witt a few pales of water.KIKE If ELM StTREET.A fire, the origin o f which is -not definitely known,event wonld be three or four times as great, and it was of a new comedy, ard we also begin to hear ifc whis- butjustandfairthattheyshouldofferusatleastas" peredthatMr.Lester,encouragedbytbesuccessofhisand tbe admirer of fine equipages could hardly bad a better field for observation, for the turn-out in this reepecthadinitsomethingofthemagnificent;/andil a policeman at times so far forg >t his daty as to look upon seme face of delicious beauty, of course he is to be reprimanded—but who is to cast the Ijrst stone ?Aseverybodyknowsthequality«ofthemusicof Dodworth'sBand, weshallbesparedthetroubleof criticism. Anew polka, "Wild Woods," composed' by Robm, was performed for the first tune on this occa- sion. It. is a curious medley, introducing imitations ofjackdcwF,'monkeys', canaries, the nightingale, the locust, t h e cuckoo, t h e c o w , doge, pistol-shots,' the noises of a whole menagerie put everybody in the best of humor, the band themselves occasionally joining in the laugh. An instrument called t h e . " Katydid," i n the hands of the conductor, b u t aggravated the effect of the other risibilities. Tho concert ended about sun-" Aiid whosoever shall exalt himself shall bo abased, and whosoever sbalLb.unable himself shall be exalted." Thepointofhisargumentwas,thathumilityofmind before,theCreatorwasabsolutelyeesentialtoawise reception o f tbo Gospel. A sermon o n humility, i n Grace"Church, is refreshing.BARNT^I'STROUBLE IN TAMMANY.-—J. Augustus Pag<5, esq., of the DKAMATIC 8BA»03'J at this house, after a Summer recess,•broMeoutintbeatticoftheboildiosrNo.170Kimstreet on Saturday night, car sin t damage to the amoantof about. $150. The "building u occupied b y Sydney then closed. Mounter and other families wnose furniture was moreMUSEUM.—To-day•or lees damaged by water.The alarm of fire in theThixi District on Saturdaynight was caused by the burnin \ of a window curtain inon©ofthefrontwindowsofNo.9Laightstreet.J ' • EIRE AT STATEN ISLAND.A fire broke out yesterday morning, a t 31 o'clock, intbe k a b k owned b y Geo. ^Ward. a t New-Brighton; which was entirely costumed, U>gether with the coach- housf adjoining...-•JOHN A GREEN, jr., THADDEUSP. MOTT, AB RAM H . MILLER.prsvi >us news received rerpecti ig the revolution in the Mr. Wood is Chairman/has made,an additional propo-interior, and the destruction oflberevolutionary party. sition to your Sub-Committee, to the effect that they • , * j < * • (Mr. Wood and Mr. Laflin) will recommend to their State Committee to place upon the Electoral ticket six HORSZS A W » CATTLZ A T AUCTION.—The Albany Breckinridge and Lane Electors, and also one Breokia-sprang up, and clouds shut off .the sun's rays, making it very pleasant.- There was not a great, amount of horse-riding, though as much as usual. Who was th a dashing, graceful frmale rider that, soon after wo lef the music-stand, flew past like the wind ?" Was yonder blue flaah a flanh of blue light, Or only the skirt of her habit ? "And soon she came back again at even a more fiery The Winter Garden has, on the whole, had a profit- pace than before^Conn rj Breeding Association h a s published a cata-logue o f 80 pages o f stock to he sold a t auction, nearAlbaiy, on the 12thof this nonth, including BlackHaw-ieandMessengerhorses,alorthornedandDevon dertake,indeedtheywerenotrequested,torecom-Resolved, That Wo, the aefcual memtxvra elected by the peopleto the. Young Men}* General Committee, utterly repudiate t h e Scalpel, and Operating,and ConsuUing Surgeon, N®".^5**^^*cattlelSouthDownsheep, andBerkshireandSuffolk swim.The steamer Vanderbilt sail* t a t noon on Saturday ith210passengersand#814,21J43inspecie.mendit.Sept. 7—p. m.•;'••':. '• JOHAA.GREEN,jr., i i ABEAM HL MILLER.ablereason,although Mr.andMrs.Bonrcicault,who werethefirstengagement,failedtosecuretheir-cus-understood, and stated to us, because h e w a s opposed to any, union o r cooperation with us. • , • ',little effect en the various treasuries. But the New- YorkerBcanwellbeexcusedtheatrical'dutyinthehot weather, for it is to trem that, in tbe bleak, dismal Winter nights the directors look as a reserve corps whose duty it is to rush to tbe rescue, rally rouud the managerial banner, and eave the managerial fortunes. Nor is tbis expectation vain, for the instances are rare where a Winter season has failed through' the indiffer-ence o f the public. L e t t h e managers provide goodcompai ies, and present novelties that ought to attract •tbe public, and tbe pubbc always display a moat com-with a portrait o f Garibaldi, but h a s the imperfections 'Twenty-third^-tb tJie command o f the Third Dic|rictjr. $50, M. ii P., Fjtends, for the sick *75. A . G. 8alauo $J, F . Giacio $ 5 A n Iri«h fatholic geotlemnn $20. B . C . Butler'*2. B«-'giHnsFrenchandGetmanH$1050,F.Cardoni$10.J.C.Mo- tbua $2, E.G. Fabbri $25. E.P. Fabri *50, V.Botta $25,G. Viilerio $25, G. Albrin^lt S25, N. Ltidlum $25, John Randall $25, H. L. $25, John B. Flifllips $20, R. L. $25, D. Battag'i* $ 2 0 , G.-Grajfini $10, C. E . BrosW $ 1 0 , PHs»ni $10, Cri«t»doro $ 5 ,T. Manara $5, ChxWcchi $5. F. $5, Antonaroli $5. VUoti 8. $5, Vanni $5. G. TngHabu-j $5. T»gliabuo Adelaide $5, Saoriit- netti $5 Bisco $3, Ikfamini $3, Ca'eognino $3,Gnonc BZ.Antonio L ynch, B>zoo City, $ 5 ; Maria L ynch, Razoo City, $ 5 ; Curio Ba^coktti $ 2 50. A . P . $1 50. Tbos. K. Green $10..C. D . $50, U.Giovannoni $.20, A Trpi $2/), L. Topi $10, Benespe*£ $25, Cbhvacobi $ 5 , G. Saneuinetti $ 2 50, Seccbi de Casati $ 5 , A. Errani $10 V. Casoni $10. G. Biizzolara $5, P . Cinquini $ 3 . Aiiiend—for tbe sick—$9, Tlmtnas A. D.ovle $ 10, Miw E. Flac« $5. Oiovanni Lanza $ 5 , Couiroittee o f St. Louis, Mo., $110 = K. German $ 2 5 Ma>ia Flags $ 5 C. Kawl'*ki $5. C. YV. Durant $5,F.A.Piatt$5,E.W.I).$5,Canh$5,Cash$5,Cash*5. Cafh $5. Dr Humphrey $25.Job Angel $10,Peter Moller $25, J . W . Geary $40, T. J . Tilden $10, T h e Cincvnoati Cooa- mttreo $144 03, Robert Martin $ 5 , George C*rr $5, B. WR^LMr.Woodcommencedwithapropositiontooursub-commontomostmaps; suchoversightsbeingfoundon it as the omission .of the railroad from Genoa to Alex- andiia. " •' r -CouilSquad(Essex^Market). SergeantFinch,ofthe Twelfrb, to the Seventeenth Precinct. Sergeant H ig- gins, of the Thirteenth, to tbei Eighteenth Precinct.their Electors, if chosen, to vote for Breckinridge, ilf the st»U£gle rbould prove to be between Breckinridge and Lincoln. W e declined to say that we would recommend tins course to our State Committee; our reason beiDgPatrolman Sullivan, o f the Fourth, t o t h e Fifteenth Judge Douglas will arrive in the city to-night. Mrs. -Piecinct. I t is rumored that there will b e anotherDouglas has been here for a week.Music A T THE CENTRAL P ARK.—Saturday was oneof the hottest o f several h o t days. Denizens of cthecity wore a drooping aspect, and those who b a d pre-maturely returned from green fields andthe sweet holdingtotbeopinionthatitisbeneficialtotheDepart-!'•,.';this withdrawal o f our Electors would be construed t ofamiliarizing themselves with the city. Heretofore thebe; and in fact would be an endorsement of the Squatterbusiness men eat quietly mopping their foreloads, andthebriskpace'oftbeclerkwasexchangedforalan- $5,G.Leoni$20.H,D.M.Holby$20,F.M.$5.D.W.jZMr. Woodthenasked ustorecommendtoourState five District Electors; to whieh w e replied'that thisWedlock?'* Theater will beasattractive,asever, Mr. Wallack jiaving secured nearly all bis company who carried h is season so successfully through last. labors for nearly two months, reemmed his pulpit. Thfl congregation was lather thin in the forenoon, but there wasalargerattendanceattheevening service.'Dr. Taylor took hie text "from Matthew 23. 12th verse,Total...ordertodefeat theRepublicans; and'the .conferencetheaccomplishediPresidentoftheYoungMen'sDemo- cratic General Committee, and a candidate for the Con? gressional nomination, On Tuesday last, in connection with his Committee a t Tammany Hall, iBBuad the call for t h e Democratic primary elections. The Sachems called tibiaa usurpation of thefunctions of the General Committee, a n d directed Brown not to let Mr. Pago" intotil©Wigwamhereafter. OnFridayevening83of the 1)0 members o f t h e Y oung Men's Committee met at Tammany, turned Out Mr. Page\ and put the.late Councilman Kerrigan in his place. To this injury is added the insult of such resolutions as these:Resolved, That the member* of the Young Men's General Committee, regularly elected M such, and repwwntlng in part the Democracy of New-York, dononnce ** o. ftuud^pon the party, and an unprecedented aMuwptlon of powder, th e reoent. abttonofa»eir-appoiHted Committee, repwaentlag no cor-ntitu- ency and never elected hy the people, in endeavoring to dl«tr*ot the regular organisation of the partyiby an insidioutatteuipt to make nominotion* for county and other offioe».' Xev-York,S*pt. 7, I860.Mr. Mott moved that the Sub-Committee be contin-ueduntil8o'clockp.m.,andbedischargedatthat dramaticseasonwasaverysuccessfulone,andbroughtmoney to the treasury. After the departure of the The Committee then took a recess till half-past 7 Thespians, the circus people took possession under thehour, which was agreed to. .p. m .. O n res ssembling, the Sub-Committee presented theame manager and have played with a continuedsue- c€ss. T h e profits o f t h e Summer campaign a t this house bave been very large.FJJOX yzirzzvzi.A.—-By th<j arrival of th e bark following report: \, SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT.Clan. B. SutD, Capt.' Scandella, w e have advices from The Sub-Committee further report that since the ad-Marscaibotothe15thAugns;,whichcontlrmathe journmenttbis-afternoontheSub-Committee,ofwhich .Mr.Forrestwillappearas"Hamlet." Newscenes•ridge candidate upon their State ticket, namely, M r .Jaycpx, fo r Canal Commissioner. T h e undersigned, Howard, Martin, Harrison, Andrews, a n d others. your Sab Committee, undertook ito lay this prOpoeition This is the hist week of the circus.before the State Committee, but, of course, did aot un-EDWARD H. DIXON, M. D.,Editor ofTh«On motion of M r . JHarrison, James Averill w a s nominatedfor PresidentialElectoriatheXVfthC<w-Ravels,whofilledthehouse for.severalweeks,when they gave wayto Professor Anderson,whohaspriety,itwastheconductofafewsnobbiahindividuals insoiokingamongacrowdof todies. GentlemenonLaura Kecnc'sLibiary and Reading-rooms of this popular aud usefulinstitution are to be reopened to-day. During the in-termission numerous attractions and amendments havebeen made, and the establishment is in complete order,for t h e further fulfillment o f its utilitarian missionamongthe young menofour city. Theannounce•establishment willheretofore by tbe energetic a n d talented Miss Keeno herself, who has lately returned from Eirope, whither she had bent her stops i n search o f n e w attractions. She begins her season to-night, with a play, adaptedacters, and in•.."Captain Cuttle " and " Toodles,".he hit the public taste, and saved the season. -Theproiitsi here were not large.Winter.Oneida,through E i B. Stevens.. 15 00 West Hoboken.procosition was unreasonable, becaue.his organizationhadconcededtotheKnow-Nothingsarepresentationoften Electors on their Electoral ticket; that we did notconsider that the whole Know-Nothing strength in the beie. As to the opening piece, Humor contradicts her- m<re were obliged to stand. The connoisseur in horses State exceeded ^5,000 or 30,000; while our vote in any self and distracts the town. Mention-has been made,W .A . BOOTH,Treasurer, N o .largearepresentationasthatoftheKnow-Nothings. We stated tliat we would report this proposition to our State Committee, but we should decline to recommend its adoption. -W e then expreseed on behalf of o u r State Commit- tee,adesiretocombinealltheelementsinthisStateinmelodramaoflastyear, "TheVeteran,"hasmadea new essay in that direction. Whatever it may be,it. will be well acted, as the company numbers Mrs. Hoay, Mrs. Vernon, Mrs. Mary Gannon, Mrs. Floyd, and Meesrs. Lester Walladk,C M . Walcot, W . R . Blake, A.II.Davenport-,W.Floyd,C.Young,andothers.: A t NiMo'# Garden, M r . Nixon, who began the sea- son with a dramatic company, produced one original burlesque, anda number ofpieces newhere. Theisthe opening-b econducteda sfrom the French, by Mr. T. B. De Walden, and en-titled, " The Monkey Boy.'.' The drama will be " il- commodate 700 or 800, and'between them was theM. P AST ACALDI, Treasurer. ••'•sents the peculiar'advantages and inducements offered THK SYRIAN SUFFERERS.—Tbe Committee fo r by tbe Mercantile Library to its members and the pub- the relief of tbe destitute and suffering in Sjria, acknowlodgtt10 00 A S p i r i t u a l i s t Tbefol.owing is an.extract of a letter received from would recommend the adoption of this proposition to The company announced seems to ,be full and eficct of the music could be obtained, but the absence evening. This will aftbrd tbe public an opportunity to Anonymous for the Syr- Congregational Church,ourStateCommittee. Mr.Wood'declinedtosay eificientineveryregard. Mr.T.Baker,asheretofore,ofanawningpreventedthembeingail.occupied.On the summit of the hill a new concourse baa been made, which vt ill accommodate a large number of carriages;S h e l d o n , V tians...A A. ,E. a. w.... • • • • • • • • • E. M.W5 00 Clinton, Oneida Co., N .500 Y .25 00 Theodore Dehon...100 *~*• i*• VfX. •>•>•*••••••*»•»•< 1000F*. I»l1V*?'•«••*••• •• •••»«••TrdxLiobyafirmiathiscity,Hated.Aug.1".•pn coneequence of Gen. Walker having possessed himself of this port, all businets is of couse at an end.It isnatural to suppose that tbje Government of Hon-duras,withtheotherStates ofCentral Americaj willcombinetoendeavortoexpelbim.Thetownisen- propositiontotheirStateCommittee,exceptthatwe cesswithtbeoldplaysin-whichheadMrs.Florence.tireiy d*sorted, not a seal to be (Been. An attack is very fhould take nine. District Electors aud one Elector at have made their reputation, he took up the hap.-»y idea likdfytobemadeagainstGen.Walkerwithineightor Laige. W^statedthatwe.would recommendthe ofundertaking-someofMr.Burton'scelebratedchar-inspect the appointments of tbe Library, and to mani- fest, by their presence, a practical sympathy with its work and prosperity. , Among t h e attractions o f the evening will be a musical performance by a portion of the celebrated band of the Seventh Kegiment. Severalwhether he would recommend it or not, and w e told him we considered this declaration as a rofnsal.leads tbe baud. At Wallace's,,Mr. Florence produced one new piece,We then made a third proposition to Mr. Wood's ftub-committee, asking themtorecommend thesamealsowithaJapanesefoundation,andaftervaryingsuc-Theaudiencewassaidtobelargerthanonanysimi-lar occasion during the season. Ladies and childrenwere vastly in the majority, large companies of the addresses may also be expected. former frequently coming together, while there werefrom two strings to a dozen to almost every beau. A smultitudes were constantly coming and going, stoppingnow for a few moments to listen to the music, andthen passing on to some other attraction, it would bedifficult t o estimate t h e number present;- t b e seatswere all filled, a n d speaking well for the gallantly of thegentlemen,mostlybyladies,whileatleastasmany1<X» J. B . Cook. Welts, Me..'. 2 00 Anonymous ., 2 0 * O, Knoxyille,Tenn...... 2 00 K., per R. Carter & Bros 5 0*Niblo's Garden.—The regular dramatic season a t down, a n d during t h e hitter part a cooling breezethis house will begin next Monday, the 17th, whenbave been painted for this play, and Mr. Forrest will be supported b y firabclass artists,' among whom are Mrs. F . B . Conway, Madame Ponisi, Kate Fisher, Messrs. F . B. Conway, A. Fenno, Charles Fiahei, D .No. 5T9 Broadway., THADD?UJS P . MOTT, tomary success. After them, however, came the If anything could be noted as out of the course of pro-THE PRINCEor WALESATGVRNEY'S GALL|»YJThe only correct likeness in the United *^f ^s "ft«"§ij.*•: •»• • shas already made engagements with some of the moatehii-ing lights, both of tragedy and comedy, who willfollow each other in quick succession. Among them — A very cbaiming select soi'ce, at the Jones House o n of pests may be destroyed. I f some of the workers in.more, has been induced to accept aa engagement h«re.severalweeks,thisbeinghisfirstengagementinNe*w-Wizard'switchingagent,MrHiogs'on,whohasdazed Joughlyused,woulddestroyalltbefggsdepositedupo*tiefourquartersoftheglobewith miraculousposters jtheberk. They should bemade strong,andsothat My Dear Sir .- Aecertaioing through th e pubUc orable terms, v ithont aacritice of principles or abandoning our Clarke of Philadelphia "will play his first star engage- the responsible duties of bis ofiBoe. The Professor ap- along the main limbs. :.'.:'withthepartyrepresented bytheState Committeeof whichDong?asand Bell Sta e Committee to confer with aayotherorganizationopposedtotheelectionofLincoln,ItotbeSub-CommitteeappointedbytheRio-bin/mdStateCom- unusual'seneatton.Heisoneofthefewactorsofun-press,andtrelearnedandliberalprofessions.'He respondentofTheBostonCourier,afterdescribing;doubtedgenius that America hasproduced, and his presentedMr.Hiogstenwith a setofjewelsofmuchis saying much..,'S ..GastonAKI>'HOmiles to the inch; which presents the fature king- Tambs, in place of Sergeant Flandreau, who was sent dom,ofMctorEmanuel,without Savoy andNice,the to the Twelfth Precinct. Sergesint Dege, ofthefirst map of that country which wo have aoen in which Eighth, to the command of the Second District Court «50. Hsvemeyer & TowM>end $25, E.G. Norwood tcxio. $25, from the boxes of NewrYorkors proper, baa had tbe French annexation is recognized. It is illustrated Squad (Jefferson Market). Sergeant Folger, of the tritu ior> of tbe Ita'ian raugt;d School children #18 James Davis,except in their own Wards. I t is also contended that with perspiration. At about 3 p. m , the sky hung out when left too long in one place, they, become indiffer-ebady side of the street, still found themfelves drippingNoarrestsweremade duringthedayorevening,andgoodorderanddecorum-wereobservedgenerally.wad 1 to 9 evenings.• '[Ad^erti*oment[ . r w»nrA PRIVATE EKTKRTAIWMENT KY PROF. AKDKRSO'K.the newmarble " Inetttote ofFine Arts," nowmcourse of erecticn near St. Thomas's Church, in Broad-way,says:"I amassuredthattheentireinstitutimwineo«#$200,000. ItiserectedbyMr.H.W.Derby,theown- eroftheDuesfrldcrfG-d'cry,andisintendedfor* place of permanent exhibition of that collection, and the best pictures and sculpture to be procured of th« * reneb, German, English and American schools of art,and others. T h e Inexhaustible Bottle flowed freely. arranged in dbtioct halls. B u t t h e mo<t attraotirafeature for the present will be the unique (for Amerisa)season, there being no special line to mark the differ- tbe National Anthems of England, Scotland, and the names, and showing tbe progress from the year I,00« ^Mr.C Thorne,jrr, Mr.W-S.Fredericks,audMr.celebratedwithenthusiasm.value, and accompanied the token with warm expres-Sengs by Mr. *James Dunn enlivened the occasion.The Nc7o Boxcery has been successful in a continuous The festivity ended beforo daylight with the eingiog of Jarves, i n Europe, embracing t h e most promiu*»ittwill make a speech.,THE TRADE-SALE.—-Tbe Trade-Sale was continued through t h e week b y Meesrs. Leavitt & (?<&$ The sales of the week amounted to nearly $150,000/ T h e Ti ade- Sale continues duriDg the present week..1We call attention to the, advertisement of-MJessrs.produce a ' series of plays founded on Scriptural sub- Baker & Godwin. For ten years they have carried on with the methods and ideas of the " old masters." A »jects,which.itis hisintention toillustratewitaevery businessasbook andjob printers, in THE_TRIBUNE itissoontobeop^n, thepublic willjudgefortheon- possible accuracy of costume and scenery. The sub- building, and are now commencing a second decade. ' Bfclves of its intrinsic value. A n d I ' must s a y thatgether oncer one roof,~though I believe the Jarves gU- lery is to be a distinct feature of the Institute, haviay one o r more h^Us devoted to it, with a descriptive cat*- l8gue. The whole cannot fail to form one o f the mostject requires peculiar and very careful handling, butmaybesomanagedastomafcethemexceedinglyin-teresting a n d instructive. T h e first play is to be per- the advertising columns tbis morning, will be exhibit- ern a r t , gratifying a l l tastes, a n d bringing chem t o -hap already been adapted to the stage, and the Story ofSampson and the Pi-iliatines would give a basis for astiiring drama, with a particularly effective climax. day of December he seduc*d her, and that she ia now The dramatic company will b e led b y Mr. E . F . Tay- pregnant by bim. T h e seduction w a s effected under' '*ed tbis afternoon, at 3£ o'clock, in front of THE TRIB- UNE (flice.•Saturday last Magdalena Fritting; a German woman,square, a t 3^ p. m., ,batchweek,and theCap-k r g etains and Sergeants about the city have been greatly exercised in regard to the matter. The General Superintendent highly favors this transferring bueinew,o f transfersduring thement given a t length in another column so'fully pre- Ao. 37 Pearl street, New-York. -number o f seats which b a d been erected during t h e W e notice that i t is proposed to have a reunion of mem- Reaoing: $ 5 GO First EccloRi-i»ticaI S o - Mother, ciety. Fairfield Conm..OPENING OF GRACE CHURCH.—This fashionable de votional edifice was reopened yesterday morning, when theRev.Dr..Taylor, after resting from hispastoralFirst Presbyterian,Ch.,call signed J. Augudtu* P v , e , the same being unanthoriawd by thia body and unsrorthy ot the notice of the Democracy of tht* ocunty. !Resolved, That tntr Committee denounce aa dlsorgunizer* a l l pmtlt-s connected wt.tli the bogu* coll recently issued."•• 1'. ——*r*— '•••-ii'• SUTCIDK o ^ W BARBKR.—On Saturday morning,.1about 6 o'clock , Pierre-Antoine, an Itabau barber,whoreeid^ atHo.75Leonard street, comjnitwdOilice oonsultatious on the more Clecure d&eases of toe p«»viscera. Rupture, Piles, Varicocele, and Fistula, "dfoallT.0^ • without the knife o r ligature. Ofilow hours from 8 to 9 . 1 Wcollection of old masters—made b y M r . James J .credit is du« to Mr. Derby for securing so intereetieg' sn exhibition for tbe opening exercises o f hia Institu- tion. Hewillthuscombineboththeancientandmod-Agti*-s Parker, Alleghany. 300 S2 0*CashCash,Bros, it Co100 W. U. B and J. A. B. Waltbourville, Ga......X. K' * n I • • • • # • • • * • • * • • » • • • » p • m Previouslyacknowledged.throughBrown4 50 5000 Cash, Walthourville, Ga. 5» John Hooper & Co....... io oaiCovins fox SAL». •••••rfLtfa^fyvfrft)[Advertisement.•1 '•"• '•3**I .m • m ^ m MThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com' ./..".',•'-• •>'MPIM^-\- 