 u>H.*rioi raaaiystary Ir^seatas r$~by Mr. Dawc#, but his was tbf ouly rote for him, eioned long dc lay, Muth interest was oxcited in theseNEy-YOEE EEGISLATUEE.PERSONAL,POL,JTICAL*j takf n. Senator DougJ&s was in the House, aud new* 1 *be Speaker's desk. Fornev came in for five minute*shook Lfi»*(JS*wJtb t h e Speaker and old C!erk. Douxr- Jnssawhim^faswithinfivefociofhim,butdidnotn Wiimace Jshall Lefferts.t & t ^ o f J e ^ * ' ** g Temtorial organiza- The President, in the street, near the center of the police force of New-Yerk, when judgments are ob- who called, in the cwxree of the- day and evening, felt tlemen were nominated: A. A. Bradford, Wa^K.ELECTIONS- 5-4 MONTGOMERY COUlfTr,KRHCBLICAIU!. 'rAd-a that uniaa-- :e will £344, ivotedlosingfor&* atPost- aever r J>aJ-:rn- c:cu, sadWil.0and» of• theirwhich. Cost- :tur»t rfcoid «*b-re- the taut cied L«^t«^\jb*J- >fc»e>60-a on Mr.!VthtmgAn-1 he due <>JLVi»j£to\b{t%- i .10 *c^dthe,- ofHm to« 1105for your having graced the great occasion of yester- and ROBINSON.with her during the' greater part of the evening, re- among them the following:MindenCaii»johRrio..FdTru»d8 BueJ. Florida...*Democratic Convention held here to-day.' The Ad- ministration men claim'that ihe Convention has ad- journed till to-morrow morning, and repudiate the election of Douglas Delegates.The Douglas men deny that the Convention sid- jenrned over and have selected Delegates.There were two sets of Delegates to the Convention from the several wards in the citv.would otherwiee have been merely skillful intellectual1 formed, the number of aspirants had increased to overefforts, vrhich alone invests such efforts with any ree one hundred. An army of seekers-for the post left for power, winch makes the contemplation of them even Washington, who will besiege the Department. endurable when the temporary excitement which pro-voked them lias passed away. The Wrhig politicians —In Oswego County, the " Volney Republican•-. •a failure. There w«re some muttered renvAs&s, it h* DEATH FROM THE BITE or A CA T.—One day last decision merely defines the Constitutional status of the true, undoubtedly intended for u»le, auch as *v that any!'Mr. CONKLIN'G moved to extend'ihe privileges ofthe House to the Hon. Salmon P . Chaco of Ohio, dur- presented only the ordinary symptoms of intoxi- ing: his stay in the capital. Agreed to. cation, except that, for a few minutes, she appeared9without expressing, in a few words, my cordial thanks posed bv Mesars. TUCKER, CONKLING, POSTX, the symptoms of apoplexy manifested; had remained A long series of. excellent reeolutions were adopted^ Glen-. .FrotWns^arraVtab. St.Joho«TiUe.M«OTi# Klock. Simeon Tuasrne.-•«Mr. Chandler's motion was.rejected. Adjourned. *from the ranks of the saints to serve in their own ranks. was organized last week. The following is the list of The Maryland House of delegates. They did not know how much more effectually he officers: The Hon. J. J. Wolcott, President; one*vwith the amiable intension, I presume^ of having mo swelled up to twice its natural size. In this condition Journal says: .' returned to bin ee'at near moj and wen.i. t"i> sleep after1V- "'•'.' "•'.. .-'*' A, ":;.' -•.-*:.^s:*rThursday,Feb.23,1860.ElbridgcJoseph Brodie. Oswegatchio.Jas. G. Hopkins. i..W . V. Smith. Pari«hville...A. -Willis.i.poUticians. Let them nominate him if they will, aud Gov. Truck of Massachusetts^ Agreed; to. About an boar after drinking the whisky she marked contrast to that held by the* Democrats1, as re- \ hard vyprk to. carry PenneyIvanja without Mr. For-ti o n authorizing Capts. Hudson and Sanaa to acceptdressed io her, for one purpose or another, "oy entirestrsngers, who have no claims upon her attention, andwho seek to promote their own interest or gratify theircuriosity, regardless of the restraints of delicacy andpropriety. Want of manners, in such a case, certainlyindicates a want of sense, but we hope this notfeo maybo generally copied by the press aud load, at least, to- that was left of Pro-Slavery Democracy, was onewhich he afterward changed to Mr. BalLStst/bftoat ion has jnat been received here tbit, notlongvrttC?\theNawnjoIndian*inNew.-4texicoat-tacked a p v t y vi" soldiers near Fort Defiance, killingfour of them; and w :*.?*««* otheis,aud drving off aproceedings. I h e vote resulted:<{hevnumber of oxen belonging to J ^ . & *l **£8 u necessary, by armed fozce; freedom or "* P bh'c*he*e Indians seoo* inevitable. JMJifiSSft? » contained in a letter addresred to * Member o. U a - tfrws, dated Santa Fe, J*m 28, and was brought oythe Overland Mail from El Paso. " . . . Mr. S*wart of Maryland ha* given notice of his m- tentioa to defend the Legislators of that State in replyto his colleague, Henry Win'er Davis.XXXYITH CONGRESS. FEKST SESSIOK.•'•• • - • ••—SENATE--.-WASHINGTON, Feb. 23, i860.Mr. BURC EI Pern., Cal) moved to adjourn till State in lands fn Che Twelfth Wavd, in New-York, con- Mondav. Negatived.**»- r^TA T K ^ ^ before the Senate a petition from the 1 011 kiD foraThe question pending was Mr. Cover's amendment culty. Her pulse' and breathing, eays The Bostonto insert an appropriation to pay the claims of the old Traveller) were natural, and the furaily and friend& Constitutional Convention, the following named- gen TOWN*°M*r HAKLAK ^ e p - Ohio) presented a petition in favor*of the Homesv9»d billMr- SEWARD (Rep... JN-Y.) presented a memorial from the Chamber of Commerce of New-York, in rela- tion to damages sustained by vessels at sea, Roferred.Mr. SUMXER (Rep., Mass.) introduced a resolution 'J»J^ the President communic^tfl any information in his possession in regard to the occupation of a certain iel--usdinthe Wctt indie? b* American citizens. Adopted.Mr. PUGII (Dem., Ohio) reported a bill in relation to bonnty land warrants, which prevents assignees lo- cating land. The bill passed.Mr. Hale's {Rep., N. H.) resolution of inquiry,: of- fened Tuesday, in relation to the conduct or Peru in carrvh/g on» treaty stipulations, was adopted.Mr. BKOWST (Vexo., Mists.) introduced a bill to pun- ish offenses against slave property in Kansas. Referred to the CouirmOee on Territories.-Mr. IVEKSOK (Dem., Ga.,1 reported a large number of private bills which had been atted on by the Court of Claim*.line, thus addressed them: tained in their favor. no apprehension till 12 o'clock Monday night, when the Taylor, O. P. Masoa, O. H. Irish, J. B. Carmichael, COL,,LKFK>:UTS, OFFICERS,, AND SOLDIBUS OF THE TB% amendment was supported bv Messrs. COVER,Mr.MALJLORY(Dem,Fla)reportedajointresolu-occasion.Thostatuewasexecutedbytheau-Cic«.ro. officers: PeWHtJ.F.Moacbell. Onondaga RafusCon.irt-I. F. Coonley. Otinco L. A. P. French^ A. K, Wilcox. Pomoey .....Levi Wells.thority of Concresa; it was inaugurated by Congress," and we thank you for your great and important services during the ceremonial. Who would not do honor to the memory and name of Washington? He is endeared to the heart of every American, and as long as the 22d of February shall come in each suc- ceeding year, so let it be a day of cherished patriot- ism kTthe hearts of all our countrymen. It is a day that ought ever to be remembered in our annals, andwhen the birthday of Washington shall be forgotten,Mr. CHANDLEi* said a:l that was asked was asmall appropriation ol fifty- live thousand and twenty- Everything passed off admirably yesterday. The 3-,-ven dollars, to complete'the work and render this crowd was immense. The plaudits bestowed on the passage mrvigable; for t i e commerce of the Lakeawas more important than ar.y bill now before the tbintr to regret il was this—that none of the represent-Senate. If vetoed, he expected to pass it over the atives of foreign Goveraments graced this commemora-veto. He moved to take it up. Lost. tion. When you were here last,youhad been a guard-ofcertain testimonials from the Government of Great . B» itain- P**<$cd.Mr. CHANDLER (Rep., Mich.) moved to take up tfaeMll t©improve the St- Ciair Fiuk».Mr. 8JLUDEL.L (Dem , La.) called for the regular or- der of business. The President would undoubtedly veto the St- Clair bill if it passed. His bill to preventthe issue of bank notes in tho District of Columbia was therefore of more practical importance.The Hon. J. J. Wolcott, President; on»> Vice-President in Fafcins. Edwin Mile*. Salina Jofc»Paddock-On motion of Mr. DOOLITrLK (Rep., Wis.), it•was ordered that when the Senate adjuarn to-morrow, soldier, he was a patriot, he was a statesman, he washim to enable a spectator to discover .the resemblance, Hammond Innas i'oyer. Potsdam. ....A. T. Bopkuo*. Harmon Claik Maine. Rossie. ..James H. Church.it was no doubt a good deal the handsomest figure in Hopkinton...D. F. Henderson.RusselL Charles Smith. the crowd. If Winter Davis himself had been in tho Lawrence ...William Romaine.Stockholm...Hiram Hulburd.it aoiouTO till Monday next.Mr. DOOLlTTLiS gave notice that on to-morrowhe would apeak upon tue action of Wisconsin in regai d to fogithrts from labor.Mr. HAMLIN (Rep., Me.i moved tliat the Ssuate meet hereafter at 12 instead of I o'clock. Lo«t.T h e bill to authorize the sale of public• several Statr* and Territories, and to regulate the ap- pointment of the Superintendents of Public Armories was taken up. The bill provides that, upon applica- tion of tlo authorities of tbe S:ate, arms may be sold to tbem, and that the Superintendents of the Armories h.Kr«if:er 1*; selected from the oUicers of the OrdniiiceDepartment.Mr. H A L E opposed the latter clause. After a greatdeal .of deliberation, Congres© had authorized the electilen of cr*fl officers for these places, 'which were nothing more than manufactories of arms. He had no f<-elin<» en the subject, bat was approached last session by civilians and military men, who favored giving the Sap^rintendencic-3 to civilians.Mr. DA VIS (Dem., Miis.) replied, and pointed out t i e evih* o ' xiving to civilians charge of matters of a military nwuire.an excellent Pree: dent. There was peace in his day.I truot there will be peace in the days of mv successors. •Storms have prevailed during my period; but I BGO the eleudd breaking away, and I trust and believe that a new " era of good feeding" will ere long return. I will not detain you longer than to reiterate my thanks for the honor you have done us, and I am sure it will be a day recorded and impressed upon your memory, as one on which you have rendered geod service to 3cur country—a day on which you have stirred np tho tires of patriotism in every breast. 1 thank you, gentle-men, thank yon with all my heart for this visit.The regiment, on the conclusion of the President's remarks, gave nine hearty cheers for him, which wereparticipated in by the immense throng of spectators. The Hon. John Cochrane, in response to repeated calls, stepped forward amid the cheering, and deliv • cred a complimentary speech to his " feliow-soldiers of the Seventh." During his remarks he was frequently applauded, and was heartily cheered on its conclusion. At a signal from the commanding officer, the regi- ment, and auditors gave nine enthusiastic cheers forthe Union.The regiment then again broke into column, andLixbon Ira Wallace. Waddiugtou .Walter Wilso*. Loub»ville....L€vi Miller.^DELAWARE COUNTY. KB1TUI.ICAXJ.adrninipirnlir.n of the Government. rO p p o s i t i o nS t a t ecan Clubs, one or more in each town, aud taking stepB for the circulation of campaign papers and docu- ments. This is the right way to go to work.drawalit wasto judge whether there had been any diminution of trade from such a cause. " I am," ho continued, " in- terested in two mercantile firms, and I have given orders to both that they shall purchase no goods north; of Baltimore, and not even there, except of direct im-A ter fnrthor debate by Messrs. MASON, FJESSEN- D E N , and others, in which au opinion was expressedof Southern, too earlytrade." I replied that in the season as yetarms to the.Milton Johnson. .Berjj. J. BassetUMr. PESSENPEJS (Rop., >f^.» wiid he had always again marched in review, with tbe band playing a been in favor of giving these pests to military men, and quick march, and returned to their quarters. Theyour Country'8, our God's, and Truth's. [That is Pren- which require my personal attention. In the bitter tice's too.Jv part of January, I was on my way to Tennessee, withJudge Piatt of Tonkers and Kr. Lewie Edwards ol —The National Republican Committee have elected Orient, L. L When passing through Virginia, I fellwonld vo*e for the bill.Mr. HALE thouxrht the whole dilliculty grew ont ofbad uppoLcuuents. At Springlield they had appointed a clergyninn 8«* Superintendent of the Armory, because he was'a politician.Mr. P I CH thought the anr.y had possession of a •aofhclent nuzi.btr of tiie departments of tnis Govern- ment, lietter give them the po^ession of the wholeleft this afternoon in a special train for their homes. • BALTIMORE, Thrreday, Feb. 2a—8 v. M.The 7th Regiment, Natioral Guard of New-York, htive just pai'swd down Baltimore street on their way to the Philadelphia Railroad Depot. They attracted the greatest attention, und left at 82 p. in.Senator King Chairman; Representative Covode Treasurer, andwGbvcrnor Harrington Seiretary.into conversation, somewhere between Lynchburg and>bv Mr. Mason that if a. military man had been in charge,.Join. Brov. ii weald have never taken the Armory atHarper's Ferry, farther consideration of the biii was Mr. Lowrey's resolution respecting the selection of nof-tooi ed.The Sera.te then took up the bill to prohibit the is-iue \.f b&tk notes in the District of Columbia.Mr. BA Y ARD (Dem., De:.> moved to amend so ast > prohibit Use circulation oi bauk-notes from abroad o£, a !e»s denomination than $60. Carried.Mr. DAVIS moved to strike out $50, so as to pro- hibit altogether Ihe circulation of bank.-note« in the District. Cii'ricxi—Teas, 36; Nays, 11.Mr. CHANDLER movod to s.rike out the whole section in relation to tbe circulation of bank-notes from abroad. It waaan absolute necsasity that hotel keep- ers and other bnyiness men should receive bank-notes, and therefor? it was useless to impose penaltif5S which conld not 1e enforced.Mr. PL^'.iH-waated to drive out the circulation of bunk notes in Virginia and Maryland.. It wa.s a trick of tho bank.1 to obttiin a circaiation as far from home as possible. There is no necessity for the circulation of bank kofes i:t-re.Mr. KING (RrT>.,K. Y ) w a s in favor of $20 notes as the miT>'tnnm, but would vote to restore that feature to the bill.delegates to Chicago.HJr. Lowrey discussed the substitute proposed byMr. McCiure, and wanted to know why Gen. Cameron was to receive different treatment from any other can- didate before the Chicago Convention. It was some- thing new to tliis State. ;Ihe charge that Gen. Cameron voted against Gov. Pe-l'ock was deired, and even if it were true, had nothing to do with ths present question.Messrs. Mees, Jones, Montgomery and Martin, of Delaware, opposed the proposed plan for selecting delegates, desiring to have betier reasons for the new system before adopting it. ,".Judge Hale ofl'oied a snbstitule, allowing the dele- gates f:om each Congressional District to sslect the Chicago delegates. This.was accepted by Mr. Lowry.IMestrs. SIcClnre, Franklin, Penniman, Wagner, and Souther of Elk, spoke against accepting the resolution as modified.Mr. Morton of Delaware declined to make any con- cessions. The matter should go back to the people, where it rightfully belongs.The resolution, as amended, was carried—128 against fon r.The Convention proceeded to nominate a candidate for Governor, when, on the -third ballot, A. J. Curtinfrom tho Preside!t, inclosing four memorials from res- Before the result of the third ballot was announced, idents of Kaisas and Nebiask-i, at o: near the eastern it was ascertained -that Mr. Cartin lacked a single vote; slope o/ tho Rocky Mountains. They invoke the in- whereupon several changed their votes to him.terposition of Congress for tbe extinguishment of the The nomination was made unanimous, and Commit- Indian title to the lands, and ask ior the establishment tees were appointed to wait on Messrs. Curtin and of an Aauiy-Office in that quarter, and the crea- Cutneron, and iovite them to seats in the Convention. , tion of *•* Territorial Governaent composed of The Hon. David Taggart, one of tho candidates, onp-^rt^ of Nov.- Mexico, L"tab, Kansas, and Nebraska, invitation, made a happy speech, giving in his adhesion una thfct an enabling act be pasned for this purpose, to the nominee.••;:-. ii.at a rensua betaken. They represent their in- The following is the resolution above named, as it ciea.-.etfj.c>pulaton,andtheimportanceofsuchaction.waspassed: 1The Piesid-n*, in accordance with the request of the Iietolved, That a Committee of neven be appointed by tho memorialists^ incioses these memorials w^ith a special Chair to prepare^ an adcJrts.x and resolution*, and also to report mecrSjje, ifco>mmendingthit such provision be made Ihe Dames "ot eijht Senatorial Delegated to the National Con-P o l i t i e s .HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.The Speaker laid before the li^u?e to-day a mes3a.re was nominated.BALTIMORE, Thursday, Feb. 23,1860. The House of Delegates, to-day, passed the Eastern- Shore Railroad bill, and appropriated a million of dol-lars to it. •.fought for them from the training he had received in the other camp.'' -—Thurlow Weed, in noticing the death of Mr. Fan- shaw, Printer, of Ihia city, indulges in the followingVice-President in each. School District; G. Sawyer, Secretary; H. N, Gilbert, Corresponding Secretary; R. K. Sandford, Treasurer.—The hill to expel free negroes from Mississippi,for their protection as the exigencies may require.The m*morials weie referred to the Committee onventioi:, and tu~ natnen of two peruou* for Senatorial Electoru ; ajici that tbe Delegate* from the different Congroaeional Diiitricta report to tbe Convention the HOOTCH of four persons _ from each Congressional Uiatii-t who shall be the representative!! of themost rigid eeoromy w:m observed in everything. is very equally divided, so nearly so that probably one.. liouvo—th»-y h«*w>£ vi»u-< thin t-iiy on the invitation of the the Chicago Convention.Ci,-.i.:..i- '• »• oi Arranzftmrnta to participate in the proe«e«ilnsi <\t- The selection of Delegates from the first four Dis- te^daut oz Uir. :iiuu2'jration of the e<;in>»trwu ntstnc of Wain-is ston : aziu alio place* f<;r all other regiment* and coaipiniea tricts was referred to the people. Delegates from mo6tcf the other Districts were reported.ment.Then, it was a city not equal, in population,, to tho side by side with that body on' this qaestion." Of a tive expression of opinion on tho book itself:present City of Brooklyn. Then, there was no Canal like bill introduced into the Kentucky Legislature " It seems to me," said I, " that the question is oae-Whole ntuaiber... N«««rjtfl»olowclT/iGlowbrenner ........;.W 8S(So«tterii»g 6o fC o n c o r dMr. UNDERWOOD (Dem., Ga.) moved that the House now adjourn.The question was decided by yeas and nays in the Hflirmative, by 4 majority.The 7th Regiment at Washington. SPEECH OF THE PRESIDENT.WASHiivoToy, Thursdav, Feb. 23, I860. The 7th Regiment, this afternoon,"having proceeded by companies in review, and coining to a " front face," were exercised in the manual of arms by Col. Mar-Adjourned*.. Iany sueb thing. ~" Mr. Forney ooes not easily forget an injury, muchlees an open insult, t>S*d he will not overlook Mr. D^ng- cheap posiage. They also declare that William H. las's affr«j-ot. He fxweoi ves that Mr. Dongiaa ont him Seward is their first, last, and only choice for President. to please the rfaveholde"?, and henceibrfh he will leave him to the' embraces cf those same slffveholding-Liberty will have perished from the earth.E. H. Butler. Wasnena—A eet of rowdies in Virginia, burned the Hon. Dtkfclb E. 1'. Townsley. Morristowu..Henry Hooker.7th Regiment were enthusiastic. If there was ftoy-in favor of Mr. Pennington. Mr. H. Winter Davis is Fine Fowler.honor for the remains of James Monroe. He was a, ——P e n n s y l v a n i aC o n v e n t i o n .Mr. BR ANCH (Dem , N. C ) hoped not. It was dis-graceful to the countn.- that the Republican party thanking the Convention for the honor conferred upon HouBe by 36 to 21. "jjbould t-quabble any longer about the printing spoils. Tb>re wt're important bills to be printed. A notico of one mter^rting to his State ;,Norlh Carolina) he hadhim.The resolutions adopted by the Convention declarethat the AdmiiiiBtration, by disregarding the claims of•Then, there w w e no Concerts, no Lectures, T nen, there w ere hut three North Ei ver eteamboats. Then, them were but four Daily Newspapers, the combined circulation of which did not half equal the daily cir- culation 01THE TRIBUNE. Then, no man was thoughtThe House proceeded to a vole, which resulted:Bates's opinions touching matters of current politicalPresently he asked me for my address, which I" gav*"VLole axuuOf. h'ei-eau»aiy to » choice J%rf/te«119 GloutorozmeTSOjSciiiteiinj;- &3JSG the Territories is a new political heresy, subversive of for Boston, with cotton, went ashore on Chatham 10 peace and harmony: that the rights of'the States mnst Beach this morning. She may possibly get off if thehe sustained inviolate; that the lawless invasion of the wind hauls to westward.interest: ' him without hesitation. " 1," taid he, "am PayetteHOilof any State or Territory it* a grave crime; that the 87 Opposition party does not seek the alwitton of Slavery 9 wherc it now exists, but leaves its amelioration aud « ultimate abandonment to the moral and religious forces Mr. K1LC.ORE, for the purjwse.of harmonizini.' the pertaining to tho siaveholding communities, assured of"Since the dissolution of the Whig party, Judge McMullen. I have been for eight years a mer aber of as Members of a Debating Society. Then there waB Bates has been identified with no.politicai organic itiou,The House again voted:'Whol« nsiiibcr ">iV«x»arv to a choicolf»!Glowbrenner'*i'. Ka-w.:r.il Sail (Ohio; 77,'Hcntterin^Fire—Tae SlioeniaKer's Strike.- The steam-power works owned by Otis F . Vinton^Offrr^A .-.'Broadway, in which those who could not pay their UTcssion of his opinion on each of the questions which BOSTON, Thursday, Feb. 23, 1860. debts were locked up, as criminals are now. THEN have been debated since that event. He was a- Free-of Washington Territory. And you," he j epeated, " aro a d—d Yankee abolitionist, and no gw itleman." Hero I turned my back upon him and took u p a news-paper. Then he left 1110; hut going throught the car bepointed n.8 out to a number of persons as r 4n Abolition-"Bowie* of Mns?aebu?fctt*(. Tbe lion''- again voted:^*"hoM» uoaihif A"f> Koxvl^it Hmrwtottxy to a choice....... 8fti(»Bte:>it Heaton <<io«*brei>u*r 8tjMitchell57 ^ ftbers of Congress are a bold avowal of oomtemplated The strike of the shoemakers in L ynn, caused con- treason which it is the imperative duty of the people siderable excitement in this city to-day. Largo crowdsMissouri in the United States Sanute for years. _ ist. My fellow-passengers were some of t\iem Southern " He is wedded to the'cause of Free Labor, both mThe remainder of the votes were cast for twenty other pernorM, and the highest four, the lowest one.iHr. SHERMAN (Rep., O.J moved a postponement until Mom-uy, with the understanding that they then vote no runner postponement. *Ms. FLORENCE (Dem-, Pa.) presumed the high contracting parties had not yet made thinr air-tnge-ments. !]*•»aw no necessity for an understanding. Mr. HOLST02J {Dem., Alt.j was for finiahiag theeieetioo.Tbe leaiand Nays were ordered on agreeing to Mr.opinion and practice. He denies that the Constitution extends Slavery over the Territories; lie delams that Slavery should not be permitted to enter any Territory which-was free-soil when acquired by the United States, or which became free at any period subsequent -o its acquisition; that no power bat Congress can plant Slavery on &uch soil; and that the Dred Scottmen, and some Northern. With many of these pjwwm-gers I had traveled from Washington, rind we had beentogether for four and twenty hours. T.t was to thiscircumstance, perhaps, that 1 owod it ^fmt Mr. MbMul-len's attempt to get np an excitement against rae wa*Sbtsrmaa'u. motion, when be withdrew it. :Xb# House a^aui voted. •:•SECOND DAY.HABRTSBITRG, Thursday, Feb. 23, 1860.The Convention this morningresumed the debate on—How ravenous is the Democratic appetite foroffice1! Dr. Carey, the Postmaster at Racine in Wis-consin, died a little while ago. As soon.as it was gen-erally known in the city that he had departei this life,an incredible number of applicants for the office of portation." " You have," I answered, " a perfect Postmaster innde a rush for tho appointment. LottON constitutional right to buy your goods where yon of recommendation, indorsements of political ortho- please. We are, however, glad to deal with you asA communication was received from Mr. Cameron— The Washington Constitution heads an article de- signed to be severe upon the Republicans with—" Give us Seward or give us Dcath."JjrMt seen m a~New-Ycrk pvper.Mr.BUItNETT |Dem., Ky.) demanded the Yeas and and the rankest corruption, has disgraced republican. and still rising. Boats are loading for all points below.Ji&j 3 on Mr. Kd#ore'8 motion. institutions; that it deserves a signal rebuke irom the Tin; roll WHS proceeded with until Mr. Kilgore's friend* of conventional order; that believing Slavery tiam<- was reached, whtn he withdrew his motiou, to he an element of political weakness, we are unalter- having etfected a pair for an abneni pohtical friend. ably opposed to its extension to Free Territories; that the"dogma that the Con&titution carries Slavery intowarmly commending Gov. Soward as the Republicancandidate for nex£ President. £ <j Abolitionist! I will have you arrested, and*tb»*.industrial interests, fostering sectional excitementsThe Ohio River is eleven feet deep at this place, of for a Member of the Legislature or of the Common Council, but those of established reputation, high po- sition and approved integrity. Then, no man's voice was heard at a Political Meeting but such as Thomas BOSTON, Thurtday, Feb. 23, 1860. Addis Emmet, Wm. Samson, John Welles, Cadwal- laderD. Colden. or David B. Ogden, with Marinus Willet, Jas. Fairlce, Nicholas Fish, & c , & c , for Chair- man. Then some.young gentlemen, like•Michael Ul--R&jv«b::cun ranks, withdrew ths n-:aic of Mr. D*lrees. ihe final prevalence of justice throughout all the land; in Westboro, Mass., were dostrovedby fire on Tues- Mr. DAWES 'Rep, Mais.; nominated Samuel that the threats of disunion by the Democratic Mem- dav night. Loss $10,000.there was a State Prison, two miles out of the city, but now " away down town." It then faced the river, but is now a half dozen streets removed from view.If the past, may be taken as an indication of the fu- ture, wnat will New-York be when forty-four years more shall have done their woek '/There are at present employed on the .new Parlia- ment buildings at Ottawa, Canada, between 400 and 500 men, and 200 teams.Soil Whig, ard was designated, recognized aud pro- scribed a« euch in this State. Were it not for his uu- ditgnised Anti-Slavery opinions he wo«ld, in all -human, probability, have been one of the Representatives oito sternly conlront and forever silence; that while op- posed to the extension of Slavery, we hail the people of the South as brethren, rejoicing in their prosperity and that we are prepared to sustain their constitutions,1 rights and privileges.The resolutions also approve of a Homestead law, and are for the purity of the ballot-box, and the pre- vention of frauds upon the Naturalization laws.gathered in the Btreets, and about the depot, but no serious disturbances took place. The leauers of the strike generally, discountenanced any resort to vio- enee.C i a l e a t I L o u i s v i l l e , K y .. Louisviujt, Kyt>Thursday, Feb. 23, I860.A severe south-westerly gule yesterday afternoonunroofed several builaings in this city, prostrated alt week, a^nian named Stephen Hamel of Cinoinnati en- negro, the discursive essaya of the Justices which ao-the telegraph lines centering here, aiid impeded the deavored 10 drive Eome cats from a garret, and struck oompanied the rendering of that decision, being, in his AbolitioniBt going through the 'South ough^to be tarred -Wa§nington's Birthday at Hamift~ progress of tho railroad trains. ton, €. W.one oi them several blows with a stick, when suddenly opinion, mere leather and prunella, possessing no in- and feathered;" but I w ^ not otherw.'ifta niokstdd. A Cvl lfcaiM}d u pen him with the ferocity of a tiger, trinsic weight, and entitled to no extraordinary con- My assailant went throu/vh. the other was of the train,reeratched and bit him about the face in a terrible raaa-lxei"n The nsxt day ho grew delirious, and his head —Tbe Washington correspondent of The Ohio State mobbed. He failed, however, there SJSQ, 'and finallyHAMILTON, C. W., Thursday, Feb. 23, 1361). The citizens of the United States resident h**re held their'second-annual ceiehrution of Washington's birth-. C a n a d i a n P a r l i a m e n t . TORONTO, C. W., Thursday, Feb. 26, I860.and, before he could, free himself from it3 grasp, sideration, either legally or politically."It is thought probable that not res's than four mom- day Ust tight, by a dinner and festival at tho Anglo- iers of the Canadian Parliament were on board the ' Alter the rtAi was called ninuy BCittering Repubi;- American Hotel. A number of interesting apeec-iied Bteanrabin Hungarian: Messrs. W. H. Mciritt, Dnw-hcihngeyed till the I7th inot., \vhcu death came to his « I noticed a curious incident during the ballot for his labors.3. "c'XULZtLXOH. &'£Z9••' '.,.,**<>-»*' .'«mvot«« wafers recidled and c«A for Bali This oosa- were made, after which there was a g^and ball.son, MtKuJlar, and Talbot.relict.Clerk, laat Friday, or shortly after the ballot was-tf*w«i'«r*, Feb.«, IWO.NJEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 24, 1860.» A moOori w^s made irom the Democratic aide to ad- billsofaloov^churitc^or. The bills to incorporate tho somewhat singular circumstances. Wisl ing lo ha 7° ajourn. Negatived 8 majority.Ulmt ?*i,m> n 0flSENATE....ALBAN*,Feb.23,ISGfc The Sev^te was occupied in the cotislderatito of-The GermanRepublicans0/N°whave declared for the pregervatiot) %. , ^ ' > if give hjm a token df recv>gn»w° -T S i e O h i o R i v e r.PITTSBUOH, Thursday, Feb..23, 1860.—The Hon. MARTEN S. WILKINSON, the new U..S.Senator from Minnesota, ha? written home a letter, business."K a r k A t l a s A s l a o r e .Tbe bark- Atlas of Kennebunk, from New-OrleansHe continued his abuse, reiteraiiag "Y ou are a — The Missouri Democrat thus announces Mr. examined.'"Open.Untitled Document—ThewifeofJuliusM.Smith,csfj., Mae?.,cametoher death on Tuesdayrntrrtfi\.J nn(ior| Mr. Forney support for the Preeide'hcv a gentleman Vho^cuts h(i ^ n a m t a n c e u p o n t h e f l o o r o f t h e H o n s e , a n d w h o strained everr nerve to compass his (Forney'*) defeat veyed by Janes Wjatte, wore ordered to a third reading. administer to her whisky, in order to render her ineen- j ai(J £ £ conBtruction <?f the Pacific Rnilroad? U^r as CJfjrk ? I'feel safe in predicting that he will not doS t . S t e p h e n ' s C o l l e g e a n d t o r e l e a s e t h e i n t e r e s t o f t h en u m b e r o f t e e t h e x t r a c t e d , s h e d e s i r e d t h e s u r g e o n ' K •> sible during the operation. After some objection,l a n d s ; p r o t e c t i o n t o A m e r i c a n i n d u s t r y \ $ < s v w , l i m 8 a t - -[ASSEMBLY. The Assemhlv i»et at 7 p. to.which was overruled, a tumbler and a half was admin istered to her during an hour. The teeth were then extracted, and .for-tenor twelve hours the woman*aria Harbor improvements; protection for citizens 01 Free SvAtee against outrage in the Slave Staiee, and—At the recent Republican Convention of OtceMr. MOULTON moved a similar privilege to Lieut. like a person in an apoplexy, but soon recovered. County, Nebraska, (which, by the way, presented a »elect him if they can, as Pree*l<.*eiik They will naveThe New-York Tax-levy bill was- considered in vomited freely, without pain or unusual diffi- gards harmony and unity of action* and sentiment)— ney." . > Committee of the Whole. held for the purpose of nominating candidates for the7TH REGIMENT : I cannot permit you to part from me WALSH, ARCULARH7S, and HARRIS, and op- doctor, wh'o, feeling some anxiety in consequence of C H. Cowles, George H. Eliis, Andrew L. Foldeft; Amsterdam--Adam W. Kline. Palatine JF. "V*'SnIUins*. Charleston... Smith ColVer. Root o.^o^rdlsh.day. Tbe military precision in your march, the ad- mirable manner in which you go Jhrough your exer- ciee, and the stout, hardy, noble, and defiant look which yon exhibit, show that, in the day and hour ol battle, you would not he mere parade soldiers, but that you would be in its very front. The occasion on which 70U came was a great occasion. Thoalacrity with which you obeyed the request of the authorities" here ought ever to be highly commended. The Congress oi the United States made provision for the erection of an equestian statue to the Father of his Country. It was vesterday inaugurated: and, through the ram, the mud, and the inclement weather, yon appeared as if you had been on holiday parade, and we- all thank you for tbe sacri- fices you have made in doing us this honor. The statue was inaugurated. It was a national, not a municipalJTratOVHATH. ture, to legislate- npon all rigfctful suhject* for Jeyrshition; and ' Mohawk...... Simeon Suzniaoat..A- FncsclAJJo.'The amendment WHS adopted,- but when the Com- mittee rose, Mr. CONKLING moved to strike out the amendment, which prevailed by 48 to 42.The biil was then ordered to a third reading.The bill to amend the Revised Statutes relating to- deeds of trust, so as to dispense with the technical form of seals in declarations of trust, was ordered to a third reading.Tbe bill to amend tbe law regulating the use of slips and wharves at New-Ycrk, leased to certain steamboat lines, so as to extend its privilegeo ovei the steamboats lftndiag at the wharves leased to agents of lines as well as to owners, was considered in Committee of the Whole, aid, after along debate, progress was reported.Adjourned.*.Tl*eWreck©ftlieSungaxiam* barrassedandannoyedbythemultitude.oflettersad-Fulton,N.Y.,lastweek.Thefollowingisthelistof'ClayHALIFAX, Wednesday, Feb^ 22, 1860. There is no later news from the wreck of the Hunga- rian. The Agent of the Associated Press goes to the eeene of the disaster to-morrow, in the Revenue cutterDaring.HALIF AX,The weather is thick, and a heavy eea is running.The cutter Daring has not vet sailed. There is no- fur- ther intelligence from the wreck, and none is likely to come to band t'o-nigbt.HALIFAX, Thursday, Feb. 23, 1.860. The steamship Hungarian i« wrecked on Cape Ledge, half a mile off the shore of Cape Sable, which is an island some five miles outside of Cape Sable Island, and twelve miles from the Barrington telegraph office. The latest accounts state that no cne had been ableto reach the wreck, which is only seen at low water.A gale smd heavy rain-storm have interrupted tele- graphic communication with Barrington, and preventedthe departure of the revenue cutter.The English papers say Unit the Hungarian had alarge cargo and about thirty-live passengers.Tbe names of the passengers are not given.The earliest and fullest information in regard to thodisaster will ho transmitted to the Associated Pr033 the moment it is received.Oreat Fire at J>anvilie, K.y. LOUISVILLE, Ky., Thursday, Feb. 23,1860.The principal.part of -Danville, Ky., was destroyed by fire jester day. Eighty buildings were consumed, including three churches, the Court House, Adams's Express office, Ballerton's Hotel, and moat of the lead- ing business-houses. Loss estimated at $250,000.•IFroni Albany;'AI.BANY, Thursday, Feb. 23, 1860. Mr. Briggs's bill, reorganizing the Harbor Master's Department, provides that it shall he the duty of the Harbor Masters to reserve all that part of water adja- cent to the. wharvsa from the east side of Pier No. 2, to and including the east side of Pier No. i) of the East River, for the exclusive use of canal boats and barges,from1 the 20th of March to the 1st of January.Virginia Opposition Convention. RICHMOND; Thursday, Feb. 23, I860.The Business Committee has not yet reported to the Convention.No business of importance has transpired.A service of plate was presented to "the Hon. Wm. L. Goggin this morning..^M a r y l a n dBALTIMORK, Thursday, Feb. 23, 1860. 1The Democrats of the IVth Congressional District,this evening, elected R. J. Brent and Thoe*. M. Larra-han as Delegates to the Charleston Convention. Theyaie generally regarded as Douglas men, but go un-pledged and instructed to vote for the most availablecandidate. Several Administration Delegates with- tions upon that subject-in all his after Parliamentary Kenosha, and other peaces, to procure help from influ- hundred people among us knew of Brown's intention, drew from the Convention. discourses, though they might have no direct reference ential partisans for particular candidates. Before the or approved of his acts when known, however muchquested that another physician bo called for the pur-Bt$oh>ed, Thai vre have tho right, by our Territorial Leriflla- that vf* utterly repudiate tho doctrine of the I'reaf'lent'n Men-pose of holding a consultation.could be donej and she expired at about 7 o'clock yes- (tape, "that 81avo7y la among ns 'protected by the federal Con-terday morning, without /having shown any sign ofreturning consciousness or cf suffering: An effori atthe start was made to have her take ether, or chloro-form, which she appeared to think would iojure her;whereae it. is probable these substances, particularlyIBBtiiuiion,' and that 'neither Congress nor Territorial Legislature,nor trriy human -power, ho« any authority to amend or impair this vented richt,' " an well as tho other doctrine of the Kxecn- tivo of this Territory, that we aro honnd by the terrm of the Louisiana treaty to pyofrect the slaveholder in the enj«ymerjt of hh» slave property, and that thornJs, nore*n be,no powor vested- inthepeople, whilo they remain in&Territorialcondition,by tho excrciao of which they may chango or alter the relation off*" masterand slave.. r.. Homer ..GHes Chittenden. Truxton.. ^...9tapbtr» YtfcnCk-thirty yeare old.—We are requested to state that Mrs. Brown, the widow of the martyr of Harper's Ferry, is much em-their legally choBcn representative* in- thwir Territorial Legtftlv lure, to regrlate their own domeatic in»titutior-n. aDd that it is thoir duty to exercise thisforthe purpose of prohibiting Slavery.—The " Volney Republican Union Club," number- ing some three hundred members, was organized atr>KMOCKATS.Schoharie.,..Elijah Lawyer. Middl«burgh.G«o. Et JJanf*?*^some abatement of the evil alluded to.—A bill providing for the removal of the remains of Gen. Jackson and those of his wire from the Hermit- -fige to Nashville, and their interment in the Capitol Square, and for the erection of a suit-able monument over the same, to the memory of the old hero, passed the Senate of Tennessee, on its third reading, by aunanimous vote.'•—Sir William Gore Ousely, lady, and Miss Ouscley and servant are staying at Nassau, N . P . .It is their intention to come on to New-York in the next trip of the Karnak.^-Thc Weslminsler Review states that Whicofield, the great revivalist preacher, was at onq lime a slave- holder in Georgia, being, at his death, the owner ofPoormaster, one Highway Commissioner, one Consta- ble, and two Supervisors.Bra*her Conton ColtonJohn Whrtner-C R. MoCtollattd". O. B. Andrew»w< . fifty slaves, men, women, and children, whom he left in his will to the Countess of-Huntington.DJUtOCftAM.OolcheHter Alex. Flwood. Roxbary....•CharlesHarley.Davenport...Wni. Simpeou.jr. Stamford.... .Rob'tS. Browneff. riancock Dt,W C. Wheeler. Tompkins. .. .II. T. Devereacua. Eortright....Harvey Davis, jr.—The youthful widow of Oliver Brown, the eon of John Brown, killed at Harper's Ferry, gave birth to a daughter, at North Elba, N . Y . , on the 3d, but the child of sorrow lived only three days.VIRGINIA.—JohnT. Gilman, editor of TheBath(M.e.)has been sued for a §10,000 libel in saying that the prominent, if not the only candidate for the revenue- boat v;as seen staggering drunk in the street, and that the new Collector would not degrade himself by ap- pointing such a man. No name was mentioned, but Edwin Nojes puts on the coat and euea.— The Pennsylvania Telegraph thinks it would now he in order for the friends of Mr. Hickman to pre- sent him with a pix-shooter as a set-off for the cane presented by the South Carolinians to the /bully Ed-be greatly disappointed."—The President's organ says that we have all theodds and ends on our aide. W e hope that the " odds"are all on our side, and as 'for the " ends'" they arebors of The Times and Herald, permit me to relate a fact in my own experience of very recent occurrence. For fifteen years past I have been in the habit of vis- iting ihe South, having certain interests in Tenneeee©nuradson.— Winter Davis of Maryland has been elected bythe Phfloptulhian Society of Hobart Free College at Geneva, as their orator for the next College Com- mencement.—It ie not often that an artist J3 soon in the lecturer's desk; but we find in a recent impression of TJu Troy Arena a report of a lecture on Art delivered before the Young Men's Association of Troy byThoa. Hicks, esq., the distinguished painter of this city. The Arena says that the lecture was one of the most learned of the course.• • '••Biifetol, with a fellow passenger. After some talk —The Republican Committees in Onondaga County upon indifferent matters, this person asked me " i f are perfecting their organization and forming Republi- New-York merchants did not feel the- with-Nothing, however,CORTLAND COUXTY- RKrt/nT.icAxs.ether, would have proved powerless. .She was about Resolved. That the people of Nebianka-have the power, throughCohl»»kiilEapcsenee...J. M. Donaldxon. Richmondvilfc.— Cta»«,gaar-each School District; George Sawyer, Secretary; H. N. Gilbert, Corresponding Secretary; IL K. Sanford, Treasurer.Gcddt"*.-Lv*and*rLftfavottoiiarcclius ;... C. Cryslcr.—On the 21st, Onondaga Connty elected seventeen Republican Supervisors in her nineteen towns. AllDBXOCUJM&..John Monro«,jr. Spafford Davii Becker. .ST. LAWRENCE COUNTY. BBPUBMCAira.Cslv. T. Hulburd.Macomb Jeremiah Travor. Madrid.Henry Winter Davis in effigy last week, for his vote D<-pey«t«r Alanson TuUle' Norfolk H. S. Mmwon.E. W . Abbott. Pierpont B. F. Hamilton.a handsome man, and, if the effigy was enough like GouverEeur..John Pooler,jr. Pitcairn. .UndoubtedlyRej>-place 'of his image, the Virginia ruffians would have had a;warm Winter.— [This is Prentice's, of course.]—The Hartfordtho most cheering reports, from all portions of the State,' of the prospects of success of the Republican partyj in the election. Letters from reliable sources say that the nomination of Seymour will prove more fortunate to the Republicans than the nomination of Pratti The former, they say, cannot get any more votes than Pratt did last year, and not so many as he would lave got this year;/while the friends of Pratt are indignant at the treatment he received at the handsBuckingham does not receive more thau three thou- SIR: As I observe that your statements as to the risk sand majority on the first Monday of April, we Bhall of traveling at the South are doubted by your neigh-(Conn.) Courant.says:" We haveAndrewHawver. Ma»onville.. .AJphens O. B*lt- James Elliott. Meredith.... .AsahelR-Duttots. Jits. R. Alliben. Middlelown. .Sher'n S. Street. Wm. S. Noble. SidneyTHE REIGN OF TERROR IN Tribune, of the Convention, which threw him overboard. If To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.—In an article in Macmillaris Magazine, occasionedby the recent death of the brilliant English historian, doxy, statements of services rendered, affidavits of iong as you pay your notes. The South," I remarked the Rev. F. D. Maurice, says: "Lord Macaulay's first fidelity to the powers that be, and divers other instru- further, on eome allusion on his part to Northern sym- public appearance was at an anti-Slavery meeting. It mentalities, were, with all possihle haste, put in requi- pathy for John Brown, "does not understand the> is imprssiMo not to trace the effect of his early convic- sition. Expresses were dispatched to Milwaukee, feeling of the North in regard to that affair. Not aThere was conBiderabie.noise and confusion at the to negroes. They gave, that moral purpose to what last, funeral rites of the dead officeholder had been per-they might admire tho character of the man. And on that point," I added, "no one has paid him a higher <ompliment-than Gov. Wise, who said lie was the pluckiest man he ever saw."" Sir," said my interrogator, with a good deal of em- phasis, " before having any further conversation with ycu, I wish to know what you think of Helper's book."" I have never read it, I replied." At any rate," said he, " you cannot b8 ignorant of its contents. But I will tell you what it advises: it ad- vises non-slaveholders to cease all intercourse withmay have boasted that they had brought over a manUnion Club," numbering some three hundred members,T n e C h a r l e s t o n C o n v e n t i o n . interesting pergonal recollections:•CHAULKSTONJ Thursday, Feb. L'3, 1860. " Mr. Ftraehaw'8- history shows what may be ac- and the Legislature has adjourned, feo that Mississippi rThe. Courier of this morning contains a call for a complished by two elements of character—INDUSTRY is saved that disgrace for a year St least. A similar communion with tbem. A cra?,| what do you think of it?" •meeting"of citizens to take preliminary measures in re- and ECONOMY,for to theso alone'was he indebted for his biil had been introduced iato the Teapessee Legislature. " Have you ever read that work yourself 1" I asked.gard to representation in the Charleston Convention. WEALTH. He was a Practical Printer, and in 1816, The Nashville Ba?meretijs of it: The consideration " I have not," said he.,*, when we became his Journevman, he had just started " Then, said I, " I think that you are not the properWreckoftfiae5>r»sAnna Prentiss.a'BookOffice'atNo.11*Cliffstreet.Bibleandofthisbill,whichhadbeenfixedforyesterdayintheSAVANNAH, Thursday, Fob. 23, 1860. Tract Societies were then in their infancy. Mr. Fau- Senate, was again postponed on account of the absence person to interrogate me upon this work, nor am IT7ie Republican reports the arrival yesterday' of the shaw obtained, at low prices, the. Printing of the Bible of some of its friends. It is understood that the Senate the proper person to criticise it, when we have neither bark Cleopatra, from Fk etwood. England, bringing and Tract Societies. His was a model'Office. The of us read it."the captain and Eeven sailors of the brig Anna Prentiss, Nothing wan -wasted. More care was taken oi' Types vote will decide the fate of the bill one way or the But this did not satisfy bim. He wanted and insistedfrom New-York, bound to Aspinwall, which foundered at sea Feb. 12, inlat. 26°, Ion. 69° 50'.fir«Ar*<!, l'h»t H<« J)<x»rk<?*ji>«r be io«triict«<l to provi<J«» placfi Kt-edtr, Tbsddeus Stevens, Titian J. Coffey, John H. were drowned. tho New-York of to-day, we are bewildered. Alad- :Senate of Tennessee will .do itself the honor to stand But this was not enough. He wanted a more posi- tor U.- S*veii'.h Keglni«at of *»*•»«.•y. oik, in the gallery of t!i« Ewjrg. and McrrowW. Lowry, Delegatesat Large to Tie firm of R. II. Short & Co. have resumed pay- din's lamp worked no wonders that exceed this reality. tTerritorifc^. ^VT. JOHif COCHRANE (Ad. Dem., N. Y.) had a National Convetiti<-ii; »nd one frocn e»cl< .District; M Klecton*.and of Paper, and better -work was required, than in other. The second sober thought of many in the coun- upon having a more positive answer. Atlength I saidcanyotherOffice. Mr..F.keptrigidwatchandscru- "IacknowledgethatVirginiahasaperfectconsprfca- tiny over the minutest details of business. He was the try who at first favored the proposition has changedfiret and.last man at the Office, opening it himself their position, and since the subject has been freely and tunnl right to continue or to abolish Slavery as sheThe Delegate" from tho State to the National Convention aro resolution.;o.ii»*roducv», a>..d presumed that it woald not hereby instructed to cual tbe vote of the State as a unit, and to meet with n solitary bbjtction. It was in the nature vote for Oeii. Cnwron -while h'.H name remain* be'ore that body.oi a comp'-rr.oft to the Seventh Regiment, National Ouard, of NewYoik.The resolution read as follows:Ifsrricane at Mew-Orleasas. NKW-OKLEAXS, Wednesday, Feb. 22, i860.with the dawn of day and closing-it at a late hour. generally discuseed,|it has been rapidly losing strength. shall see fit, and that we of the North have nothing to A hurricane here to-day did serious damage to the His fcriune was inside np of SAVINGS. The action of the Senate of Mississippi in defeating the do with it. This should satisfy you as to my opinionThe Convention selected James Pollock and ThomasM. Howe, Electors at Large, and David Wilmot,Henry D. Moore, Samuel A. Purviance, Andrew H. shipping, steamboats and buildings. Five persons " In contrasting A't w-York as it was THEN, with bill has not been without its influence. We trust the of the Helper book."The rtr.< iitt-on passed unanimously, and many of the The Convention adjourned sine die this afternoon. . A fire at Howell, Mich., yesterday morning de- farms. Then, there was ro Jersey City, no Williams- Nuiotai Ga«rds subeeqnently occupied the front of the Tbe friencs of 8ir. Cameron have obtained the stroyed the Pboihix Foundry, Melvin's wagon shop, burgh, and Brooklyn had scarcely attained to the dig-va'ierv. strongest possible indorsement of his claims for the and several adjoining buildings. Loss $13,000; par- nity of a village. Tien, the Park Theater and Scud-among cousins. The book was written by the South,There was a call of the Honse preliminary to pro- Presidency. The deiegates selected comprise the tially insured.-Oder's Museum were the only places'of amusement. Thai, therewas butoneIce-Cream (Vauxhal!) Garden. Then, there were no omnibus lines or hack-stands, aridway."He burst out here with great violence^ and vehe-oe->din>rto th**-election of a printer. ,Air. KJLGOEE (Kep., lxid ) moved a further post-ablest men of the S'ttte, and they will go to Chicagowith the full intention of securing Mr. Cameron's nom-1ponemftr.t till Monday. ,- ination. TRENTON, Thursday, Feb. 23, 1860. no occasion for either. Then, there were but two con-mence : " Sir, I believe you are a d——•d Yankee Abo- litionist ! I am a member of the Vigilance Committee, and I'will have you arrested and examined V"1 an?," I answered, "a merchant of New-York, passing through the State on my way further South „ where I have large interetts, and am on my lawfulJ F i r e a t S l o w e l l , M i e S a . DETROIT. Thursday, Feb. 23, 1860.street, and "all above that line, extending from the. North Eiver ro the Bowery, was either a common orPrentice says: " We think we may venture to hope trat belongs to you alone. It is simply a quarrelNew-.5"ersev Centra? Hatlroaci.The Central Railroad Extension has just passed tho siderable Hotels, viz: The Tontine, and the City Hotel.after passing the House, was defeated in the Senate; slaveholders; not to employ them either as phy-that, when eo ultra a Pro-Slavery State as Mississippirejects a measure as inconsistent with tho requirements in the South, and for_ the South, and we commercial of civilization and common humanity, the Representa- men at the North care very little about the matter any tives of Kentucky will not feel themselves constrainedto adopt a similar measure from a fear of being thoughtwanting in devotion to Slavery." 'sboffer and Ogden Hoffman, began to attract attentiona '• Bridewell" standing between Uie City Hall and but, nevertheless, he has not withheld the public ex'- Congress frcm this State, and two years the O overnorCortlaiidvihe-Corti* L. Khjny. Freetown....—Miatarwyo-FrebleW . E. Tallman. Solor*. ~..... -Name n&rtknown* DBSfOCRA TK.The towns of Scott, Virgil, and Maratban^ SCHORARIE COUNTY.KitrvuxjCAym.A. Hohert*. prain. Wiijrbt ..W..J>ofljmfclc.CarlisleAb'mA.Kincfcorn.Seward'......Isaac BclStogor. ONONDAGA COUNTY.BEPCBUOAMJ.Camillas..'.. .Ed'n R. Haxmon. Maclius X'. Shcoraarror.EdwardsJoel F. Paigo. Skancat«l«g..John.'Barrow. J«rc'h Emeiick. Tully ..Alt«n Palmar. Calvin Colo. Van Burwi...W. IL. Downer.AndesBovinaDelhiFranklinHurpernOeid'..Michael Dayton. Walton Hamden John McFarlane.sicians or lawyers, nor to trade with them, nor to go to:,<•;•••::: - ,. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 