 f|r ;fc» p!T-out three hundrti fopper elected. advantages' fin J reciprocal benefits; to open JDUC. The Custom House receipts In adoptiog this theory, the black repub\l- new and untried channel? for activity, enter-HOFFMAN, THE MISSING CLSUK.. Hoflmaa has not been at the effice siacs Tuesday laet>but was seen on Tuesday night, at the New York Hotel years after the passage ot the Nebraska bill. 17. ? aid a atho^e6the Board intend appointing inspectors aad NEW YORK HERALD. captains to fill T caicea on or before the 1st of Jane. Captains Walling, Leonard, Weed aad Squires are spoken of for inspeotorahips, and Sergeants Brooks, Petty, Bander and others fori m c i K. w. COBJ*B» OP HASSAU AN* TtofO* •**. the captaincies.The usual majority of the industrious Board ofenoughto suit any purpose, and will obtainan abundance of conflicting interpretations toilie RfnubUcaa nomination for tat F«e- that this difficulty is yet far from a settle-efBW8 FROM WABHSTCrTOV. esMeialWtamwotow, ttat u, IMQ tsa OTIMLAMD A»D nmsroa wsrai sit TICKrt»»y*•<j&T OOMMMSTOlTDUrCM, IVSt AXness like meetings yesterday, at which they re- ceived four applications for licenses, which they graciously agreed to grant on the usual pecuniary terms. Tbey then adjourned till this morning, after a session of one minute's duration.The testimony in the case of Albert W. Hicks,alias Wm. Johnson, whose trial for assault uponwhich to of his own creation. The result was •a* finally constated that the Tarioe. seapoJLZwate. we gave up a portia. e* 7«eouvert bland towebesa sntauied ty a u r ^ t n a a i a ^ T - . ? * can revolutionists should make the conserva brought about by the intrigues of Horace Gree- which fell at our side <Jf fte ^otiBdaryJiae, - « « • » ahau be brans* before tt. fleej. ^ ! £JAB I X I E T T iA*M —• 0 G O J R D O SOITOB AND PROPRIETOR.suit local interests. In a word, it is an artfulattempt to express and to hide the true aim nominated Abram Lincoln, of Illinois, for ! aj,e {Jutted States made manyrgjtTVSXMMS ADTi111Hfrl l»0l MM MM LIIIMB W M m M7&*7»wrz*5r----t »aVeiasaa DTV.TheChicago !femtnatloni and Plat- form-Ttxalr True Keadtag.Tork Senator gave offence to Greeley, and he has never been forgiven, though it was he who first raised the editor of the Tribune to impor- tance. Mr. Seward's defeat is a heavy blow to Tburlow Weed, who built upon his nomination high hopes of preferment, which now turn out to be only castles in the air. What Raymond and Webb will do remains to be seen.never gives up a foot of territory until she is made to do so, and even in the pugilistic art she will not now give up the belt,MOTHER FINANCIAL SENSATION.priatkms for s * the torunoaUona tbraaghawt Urn Oa 8utee. They savtf aha several ether important i ments under iu n a i iThe difficulties which have iHfcM botweet the seversrnflroad companies constituting throngs u w g ^ ^ West ef New York have been mostly adM W t r «r*l*« •orkl;V osasCwwJes androbberyof CaptBurr,ofthe oyster sloopE.9» JOB rosata* OouMnaMini o ii —to 8*At ALL U r r w A » ratto-A. Johnson, has been going on in the United States Circuit Court for some days past, was concluded yesterday, and the case will be given to the jury today. A report is published in another column.deratif* P>e -Hilary Appropriation bill, ana are Udtmr ard. A few years ago, at Washington, the New boundary dispute. On the contrary, England tt down *^4 amendments. They have added to It appra"NSW BOWIKT. Sowery.-woireAaa-Baoxi BIT- Hisbaoaa JACK.Do*reports about the probable removal of Marsha! tynders The 'Change and the street were agitated yesterday have been revived. The grounds are declared by the.fta. 139AJTOfeJUOrn THIS BTRVIira.AOADwrr or aono. rewrtoowm tram Matinee a Hamlin are the nominees for President and, M> that there will be . * brenkleg up or through tickets 8»uth aad West at N , , vork Trouble in the Affairs of die Pacific sad Philadelphia, and it U altogether proVtMa thattho time wffl be shortened aad the connectkpg mass mere0o« OIOVAMI. Ivoalng-OaAfoaio or SAVL.D R M M T - f c n r m i i ranroa*Vice President, and Wm. H. Seward, the real organizer of the party and its principles, Is thrown aside as a worn-out and useless poli-The Eoglieh have made some heavy commer-cial sacrifices In connection with the recentcommercial treaty with France, In the beliefthat it will constitute a guarantee for peacebetween the two countries. We are afraid,bowever, that the desire which they feel to re-main on good terms with their powerful neigh-bor has led them to over-estimate the value ofthe new lie that they have contracted. Treatieshave no firm basis except in an equality) of ad-vantages between nations coequally situated.When a despotism allies itself with aconstitutional monarchy for particular ob-jects, the latter must take the chances of theinstability which in the nature of things at.taches to a system in which a single will pre-dominates. The history of political alliances fail, be can set out upon a lecturing mission *howe to instance in which treaties have out-1ICH Afternoon and kveaing.BUWBST THB1TRR, . - O U T I TWIST-BLAG* tician. He has exhausted his availability inMail Steamship Company.' certain and reliable than heretofore. The deleg»\ssrepev senting various roads North and Soatc are anxjWtfcat the connection si Washington should bo sanction*J tatKMii.at*—Cra OAL.wirrKK aaRoiM. 8«Mtr»r. _M»Unee at Ose— "ABDoauASsx*4B. Bveausg—1* Caien— bas surra AMDCaAauiT.WALLAQaVS TBHTRR -OYMLLuro RoomLatma. KSsnTum van Aran, sat ffctastww.—Isrvmrsu Paiaoa—A* Arrant Of H-)»oa.bringing up the organization to its present condition, and now its control is passed into other bands.Tbc platform exhibita a manifest evidence of the fears entertained by the black republican leaders of the rising tide of conservative feel- ing among the masses of the people, In the attempt which is made to cover up the real aims of the party with a mass of verbiage—ofTHE RUMORS AND EXCITEMENT IN WALL STREET. completed at the earliest possible mom-nt I t * of 4a- mease importance to the travelling public, aad CoageaWs a a n e n r s AXUKOAS M0HSOM. Broad w a r - D a jar<i K.mttec ••laanao At IT Wav—IMH-UVUW Coniosi pliable interpretation by local expounders. It n u , ae.with rumors in regard to a difficulty in the affairs of the Preakdeat not to be political. It appears that setae timeBa 1» KW SI WOTK1L8 Uenkaatea* nan, (71 Broadway.— Bckxaauusn, Soaea. !»AJICBS. *C. - l a a Srsajraaa.a.aLU'a SaLOoH. Brua4w*T —«ao. Oaaisrr'a Mia- IIHJ it So«w» i.ncn, so.- MISTA*as or k Mioat.MoziRT HU.I., Wo. SSI Broad way.—Onrr*Tirt StiRT'i EnrnuAiaaasT- Kooaa's lawa aautuiaa, Aa.» > « • » OF THtST»*NT» tlTBSUT ASD rorjarn(-U1PLE SHEET. « e « V o i k , * « l u i f 1 « / . H k l 10, 18«0.Tn« lent.The republican National Convection at Chicagoyes'erdav nominated Abraru Lincoln, of Illinois, tor l'rendeut, and Hannibal Ilanil>n, of 4iaio«,for Vice Pmident. Lincoln was aoruijated on the tliird aud Hamlin on the second billot. The details of the proceediigs are spread befire our read- er* in our coluuins this morning, together wita ski ti hes ol the personal and political history of the canJiJa'.ea. The nomination of Lincoln created an inwuse furore in Chicago; and the republicans ofsets forth that the causes which called the party into existence "axe permanent in their nature," but refrains from stating what they are; the generalities of tne Declaration of Indepen- dence are lugged in, and it is announced that ••the ftdnral constitution, the rights of the States and the Union" must be preserved: disunioa speeches are denounced; the lawless invasion of the States is denounced, protection by the fede- ral government to the right of property in i»laves is refused: extravagance in the govern- ment is condemned; the constitution is de- clared to be an anti-slavery instrument in the Territories; the normal condition of all the ter- ritory of the United States is declared to be that, of freedom, and the right of Congress, Ter- ritorial Legislatures aud individuals to give it legal existence in any Territory is denied; the reopenkg of the African slave trade is brand- ed as a burning shame; the vetoes by the fede- ral Governors of the acts of the Territorial Le- gislatures of Kansas and Nebraska against slavery are condemned; Kansas declaredncsday, to 87, afiecung the whole market.the alleged fraud could not be ascertained.cxpantion set it down at $300,000 to $100,f00. In all officethis city, Albany,Rochester and other points ex- entitled to admission as a State; a pro- hibited their enthusiasm by extraordinary expio- tective tariff is cautiously advocated ; theaverting the evils of war.When we read the sanguine anticipations inwhich he was beaten he gave utterance to the that the reports of difficulties were true.STATEMENTS OF THE TRANSFER CLEUK.The troipfer cleik said that he bad heard the rom^r*. but didn't know anything about tbe defikationt; a dark earned He ifman bad been employed there upon the stock• ion* of gunpowder , and other noisy demouatra-House Homestead bill is endorsed ; Knowmost violent sentiments, aod went into the which ihe ministerial prtss of England indulges irrepressible conflict before Seward himself.tions. There are now two Presidential tiekets in Nothing legislation against naturalized citi- the Held, namely.-—in referCn.ce to the future results of the newIreaty, we cannot but feel surprised at its obli- good reason to rejoice. Tbey have a clear book, and he had not seen in tbe office for two or ihree poned.F>-rPrnideMror Vict rrafdtntF.tr Prmid'ittF*r Vu-t PruuUntT«ta raioir ncKar.Jaba B-.ll, ol Twnm««.Edward JCrcrett, of Maasaciiaaeut.THi KWPrBUCAS TKKtT.A^ram Mncafa, of IlllnoU. Hannibal Hamlin, of Maine.zens is abjured, and river and harbor im- provements, the Pacific Kailroad, and a daily overland mail, are pronounced to be ob-ject* worthy of patronage by the federal go- vernment.viousness of these truths. No nation has enter- ed into so many formal commercial compacts as England—no nation has done more to proveroad now before them, and nothing can arrest their onward march to victory if they are only true to themselves. Their stars are luckier todays; be did not know what had become of Hoffman; no- thing wrong bad been discovered in the stack book, but yet an investigation was going oa; it was a hard thing toprejudice any one's character.The biil for the relief of Anson Dart was taken up.Mr. LASS, (dem.) or Oregon, opposed it.Without any action on the special order, Mr. Davis'resolutions were taken up.Mr. MASON, (dem.) of Vs., addressed the Senate Hesaid the reeoiutioas involved tne deepen inter ecu? of theIn <"ons?ree8 yesterday the Senate ordered to be primed a bill cirrying into effect treaties with Japan, Biam, China and Persia; alio a me3sige fromthePresidentrelativetotheMountainMea.their utter worthlessness as obligations. Wit- them than they deserve. They have the gameTo Mr. Langdon, one of tbe largest stockholders, the people of his s&ate. In reply to a charge mat they were abstractions, he sa d it bad become a settled practice toclerk became much more communicative. In addition to discuss In this form tbe great constitutional questionsnight; the stock books were now undergoing an investiga- question aa to their relation to tbe Slates was a practicaltion ; they had been partly written up, and so far nothtog one, and applicable to the business now oa the tabu. All tbe powers ol the people of the Territories are aec<*taruyatallwronghadbeendiscovered;theonlysuspiciouscir- embracediniheorganicactestabitsningthemMr.Masoncumstance was that his hooks had net been written np by then went into a lengthy h»twy of the policy pursued bf the government towards the Tarritories, and narrated the Mr. Hoffman; Hoffman hai not been ordered to have tne legislation taaen in regard to them in 18M andbooks ready; it was part of ha business to hare the books 18C4, and contended that tbe Kaneaa aad Ne-ready, it was part of his business to have them realy braska act oil not embody the doctrine of non- intervention as explained by Mr. Douglas. Toe interven- without special orders; there had been no dividend paid tion which the acts of I860 and 1&4 were utton te1 tosince last May; he couldn't say whether tbe defalcations, preclude was ttat of the pros'tnt JU of slavery by Con- if there were any, must not have happened since that gress in the Territories. It never was intended that Oon- gresa should be absolved from its coaatttuuooal duty as*time; the transfer books were under his control, and he regarded the protection of property wnerever it had con-had made out the certificates for 1860, and csuld identify trol. Tte legislation in regard to domestic matters m them; he could conceive of no probable, no po sible way, the Terrltcviee was t.ansferrtu rrocn Qongrras to the Ter-litorial Lfg» ature, hat of coarse unier the limi.j pre In which such defalcations mlglit have been committed; ecrisea by the constitution Tne barga'n made to 1864forthereliefofMr.Dart,theSuperintendentofIndian \flairs in Oregon, was postponed. Mr.1'avia resolutions relative to the protection of ment, and the attempt to place political abo-The black republican candidates and plat- form are before the people. Lincoln andThere is a singular appoeiteness in the cir• slavwy in the Territories were taken up, and Mr. I g * and constitutional ground. cumstances connected with the ratification oflition judges; and the latter has announced from South and Central America. Valparaiso dates on the floor of the Senate. &- ^terminationon all to respect tne ueclaioo of the Court, aad pabiio to do was to bring in the certificates of stock to day, the Si nth claimed i s fulfill nrnt. He pro-end have them examined and stamped. It appeared by nounced the dovtrine of popular sovere!«3ty •n tbe Territories a solictsa; severe gnty resided la lhathe lists copied from the books that ther*; had been aa people oi tfct separate S*i»t and nowoere else, faere ta overissue of some (our hdndred shares of btosk, bat no sovereignty in the federal government, aud conse-are to the 15th; Callao to the 27th nit Chile cc^tfnues toincrea»» »« — - ' 'r.tv. More ri; >--» »*«mad*,^^ies ./m Z^^ «?of the black **Publi°,an -^arty to reorganize"or to diminish, tlnae illiberal prejudices andvessel fast dtifts on * ^ ^ y e , tQ the immi-X«*' -live. e i ! ' * * > * ' — * w ! ° d *"monarchies and alternately Convulsed tDCHi,bv - operation tew *<** il*i,u a uaoa repuuuean President can u» aubew'tute ^ e m ^d interchange of commercialabandon from this moment their senseless j tr- gofi, and-set about working the ship as practi- cal men, they will weather the storm and make their destined port in safety. By the discom- fiture of Seward at Chicago, and the nomina tion of such a man as Lincoln, even the State of New York, with its thirty five votes, is lost to republicanism, and with it the hopes which the party cherished, if the democracy know howthe stockholders was to await the result of the investiga- tion, and to bring In their certificates.gress couki not prohibit slavery in the Territories, csate qcentiy the tetutcrial Legislature could not ete-rcisa tba power. If the Territory, as to the ritate of Kansas, 4<a prohibit slavery, then it waa the duty of Caog<- as to in- tervene Be quoted precedents to show that tha power had been repea<edJy exercised, and aa late as laM, two,^arter ending Marsh 31 are threefold of the corresponding period last year.caus place themselves in direct antagonism toprise and industry—these objeCuJ, if attained, if they can be attained, will do equal honor to the genius of the minister who planned and to the spirit of the age which adopted them. WheSince then nothing has been known of his whereab u t s .desire to force slavery tn a reluctant peope, bat he aidwant to make them respect the rights oi outers s a i tne- ^SVTM*cates were examined. The only advice be coull give nic act patseo t>y Congress. The Court decided that Con-the interpretation of the constitution which Pern had been visited by a succession of violent has been accepted from the time of its adop"His brother, who a employed as clerk in the office of the const'tu tion of tbe country No parpose existed to estab-Panama Railroad Company, in the same building, says lish slavery. Ihe constitution dia not esubtsw itthat he does not know what baa become of him. but simply recognized tt as an existing coouiuoo. Teat wss ail the South ssaed. £v.a to the States no statuteearthquakes, which had done considerable daungein lima, Callao and ether plaees. The town oftion to within a very short period, and which the abolitionists of the Garrison aad WendellHa habits, like tbe majority of young men, wore neithervery extravagant nor very economical. Tais seems to beall that is known of hit pertonal habits, and it bas little tion Mr Mason dwelt oa this point at tongih. weight either for or against the troth of the rumors.THE COMPANY AMD ITS BUSINESS.The Pacific Mail Steamship Company has been in exChorillo was almost completely destroyed, and se-veral lives lost The loss of property in Lima is Phillips school admit to this day. The attemptther they are so obtained or not, I am not sopiesumptuous as to pretend or determine. But to take advantage of the blunder that has beencould be found eatabtishlng or creating tUworj- ruey only'recognised its existence and provided (or its regula-litIoDiMn 0Q a Ie aMaaoo. of Virginia, delivered a speech on the sab- J La*!6*"8 invasions of the States are denounced,t D e the commercial treaty between England and worshippers of John Brown are floutedjt-cL Mr. Toombs obtained the floor, bat past-i hi3 remarks till Monday. The Serniate, after I and the necessity of preserving the Union for the France in the year 1786 to those of the con-an executive session, adjourned. The House passed the bill providing for the better protection of life on board steam vessels. A bill abolishing the Court of Claims, and providing for the adjudi- cation of claims by the District Courts, was re-ported. The Nebraska contested election case was decided by the ousting of Mr. Eastabrooke, and the mstjOJation of Mr. Daily, the contestantThe steamship Ariel, from Aapinwall 10th inst, arrived yesterdsy morning, bringing later datesvention recently concluded between the samecountries. Then, as now, high hopes were en- accomplished under the color of law and con tertained of the lasting benefits which were t6purpose of abolishing slavery in the SouthernStates is clearly proclaimed. How this is to bestitutional right we already know—thanks to Mr. Spooner and Mr. Seward. The former b.ia set forth the whole scheme, with all its logical deductions, and the process of liberating the slaves by writs of habeas corpus issued by abo-result from this closer linking of their inte-rests. In a letter attributed to the pen of Junius— but exhibiting more faith in men and mea-sures than usually characterized his writings—we find language employed which presents aremarkable coincidence with the expectationsat present indulged in by the English ministe- what ought to be the form of her rig, while th<5 rial journals. ''To extinguish,'' says the writer,Hoffman had entire charge of the stock lists.AN ArTARENT OVEBI83rjE OF STOCK.wss that the courts stcaid decide tbe extent of the r*stne. Uots imposed by thee institution Tbe Drcd Scott esse old decide that Congress could not intervene to prom tit slavery in a Territory In reply to the statement that that question oid not come; before the Court judicially, he sa'd Ibat that objection was urged before the Cuurt, butcourts. The " p.is to be continued'under the shadow of the. peril of all on board. If those who un this lesue might be proven genuine when tne certifi- quently It could not tran*mtt that attrioute io the ferri- utrtes. Ihe latter derived all their power irom toe orga-lag an additional number of tensma-foaad in a filthy condition, was received, after abroad. On the other points of public policy which the Beard adjourned. It to reported that which are treated, the platform hi pliableto one ef Fabbris bent ead moot dratuaUo ones.As England never gives up anything The performance today closes the present season tt ttn crawn thither by the expected ^acusaoa on too re-for the Presidency, delivered at Springfield, Illinois, on the 17th of June, 1858, gives us the true interpretation of the platform, and the personal sentiments of the black republican candidate :—I be:* ve this government cannot endure parmananttr half slave and tiaif free. I do not expect me Union to be dissolved. I do not expect the bouse to faU; but I Jo expect It will cease to be oivhled. It will beoome all one thing or all the other. Either the opponents of slavery will a r m l the furtber spread of tt and place it where the public Bind shall rest la the belief that It la in the coarse of ultimate extinction, or fts advocates wdl push It for- ward Oil It shall beoome alike lawful la all the Stales, oldaswallasnew—NorthaawellasSouth.Mr. Lincoln knows that the latter alterna- tive, which he puts forward with so much apparent honesty, is as impossible as that the sun should rise to-morrow in the WestThe clause of the platform treating of the tariff la a lame attempt to secure the support of the old whig protectionists, and the free soil and free trade democrats, who are to-day enrolled Is the party ranks. It is a compromisebetweentheTribuneandtheEve- as*? Post, which either can Interpret to its satisfaction, but which pledges neither partyleaders nor the party itself to any marked line of policy. The anti-Know Nothing clause is a at the Know Nothing republicans of Mas- thrown out to gratify the German in the North and West. In part it U practical, as, for instance, In opposing a change hi the n»a^teJ1tst»anlawe,amd Impractical so far as it asserts a policy to be maintainedternization had been thus warmly anticipated. Dees the treaty recently concluded promise aNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, MAY 39. 1860.-TB1PLBZllllil-*••Dees its treaties with the Continental govern- gogue north of Mason and Dixon's line may ments previous to the wars of the first Napo-Here we have a platform in which any dema-in their bands, If they will suppress their in-• v .-• Connie»vnose inveterate wars which, from the reign ofEdward the Third; have uevastatel the two dertakelo navigate the democratic party willestimated at a million of dollars, and several pe*. is revolutionary, but it'ls revolution Indisguise, when I see the public prints' teeming with in- made,•and rally around a single banner, In-Mr. TOOMBS, (of Ga,) get the fl»r, but postponed ha speech till Monday.sons were injured. Callao did not suffer so much. and not openbanded and honest, like that Considerable excitement and alarm had been ef ihe radical abolitionists. It is the policy caused at Callao by the appearance of a French of a set of political hucksters, adopted for ship-of war with a formidable force on board,vective against the present treaty, because it scribed with these words—"United we stand, bears so intimate a resemblance* to the treaty divided we fall."The Senate then went into executive session. Adjourned.the purpoee of making a desperate effort to ob- which had come with the view of enforcing the tain power. All Its professions of a love ofof commerce signed in 1713, and which was re« jected in the subsequent triumph of a rival fac- tion, I cannot help commiserating the igno- rance and credulity of a people who can be made the dupes of so wretched an impoaition."'In lets than three vears from the date atiste&ee about nine years. It is tbe only company running MOVEMENTS OF THE POLITICAL COW-BOYS.—It stoimers upon the Pacific coast, and runs its boats fromH a w s e o f R e p r e s e a t a t l v e s . WASBnerrotr, May 18, I860.French claims against Peru. Thealternatives of- fered were submission to the terms proposed orbembardment of the portThere is nothing from Bolivia or Ecuador.From Costa Rica, the election of Montealegreteto the Presidency is confirmed.Mr. RrraoLra, (A. L. dem ) of N. Y .. from tits Judi-peace, of re?pec%for State rights, of rejection of John Brownism, are hollow and false; for the use of power under the guise of the consti- tution, and for the purposes proclaimed, would involve fifteen States in an armed resistance today, was announced it ten per cent. The stock of the company to secured by no bonds, bat by its property in steamers and la real estate in San Francisco, Panama and Washington Territory. The company owns and has it* works at Benieta, where Heenan was employed, and from whence he takes bis well known title, "the Benicia Boy." W. H. Asplnwsil was for a long time the agent and pre- sident cf the company, and Is still a leading director.The fall In the quotations on 'Change Thursday was generally attributed, at first, to a broker's movement or the starting of an opposition company, bat the stock fell still lower when the rumor took a definite shape. The broken and merchants were much excited after themeeting of the Second Board yesterday, and the rumors seemed generally believed to be tru». The stock of the Panama Railroad Company was sympathetically affected, and fell from 146, the price ten days ago, and 140 on Thursday, to 186 at the second board yesterday.cationof claims by the District Circuit OourUo: the Lotted. Mr. RXAGAN, (dem.) of Texas, made an Ineffectual et- tempt to get up the Texas Regime at amendment to the Military Academy bilLThe Steamboat bill cams up.Mr. TAFPAH,(rep) of N. H., moved to postpone till Tuesday to take up private bills. Lost by 13 maj i-ityMr. WASHBCXJTB (rep) of El, gave notice of a subs*i- tute.The bUl was discussed by Messrs WASHBI ESS, Coca- aAirs.("LARKX(N.T.)andothersonthemotiou toreThe House passed some private btUt and then ad- JOMTTATLOR, ( d e m } ^ L ^> oflerftd a •abSHtote vttint'ng lnsuracce unless the conditions of the bill better to se- cure the lives of passengers on bosrd vessels P « ^ l l « * "whole or part by steam shall be complied w i n , asd pro-The steam*hip PhJItdelphia. from Havana, ar- federal invasion, and place federal troops In which this was penned the Revolution wasrived yesterday morning, with two days' later in- the stead or John Brown and his followers hurraing the French people into sanguinarytelligence than that received by the Isabel. There The following extract,frpm a Bpeech of A.bram excesses, and in a couple more war was de-is no news of any consequence. There were a few cases of yellow fever, from the shipping, in the new hospital. A French vessel had arrived from Macao with a huge number of coolies on board, and notwithstanding the length of the voyage, only three deaths had occurred.Following close upon the defalcation in the New York Post Office, Wall street is now agitated with rumors of trouble in thefinancialaffairs of the Pa- cific Mafl Steamship Company. These rumors are based upon an alleged fraudulent overissue of the stock of the company to aa amount, it la said, rang-ing from 1300,000 to $400,000, and the dsvelope- menta have not only seriously depreciated the mar ket value of the shares of the Steamship Company, bat stocks generally have been seriously affected for the past few days. The secretary of the Company, whose duty it was to prepare a list of the stool; a week ago, has been missingsince Tuesday kit. An investigation to now being nude, aad farther revelations win probably trans- pire in a day or two. Meantime the statement which we puMtok itoasaare to our columns throws •oms light npoe the rnattat.A IC*TMR I e>jP4aew UBM^Hen*snsMB VeJenni tKaSM3HJM f t D O s T v k Cose arrest in that ottj on Wednesday of Raphael B Smith, uusnlliswtiil clerk ofwholesale Hejeor dealer,besalmg $17,000 front hk employer.gatfoa has led to the belief that theI eculetioaa have been oarried oa for a number of vears, and to the amount of probably $100,000.The Pottos Cnsnmtoslimsri held a meeting yes- terday afternoon. H e only bestness transacted was the appotetaent of Charts* Missing as door mas. A report from the Sanitary Police,Lincoln, the black republican candidate clared between the countries whose close framore permanent result?hictorj and the restless character of Louis Na-and others, to heal up all old sores and con- centrate the whole strength of the party for the fall election.the two countries. It is evident that our go- vernment cannot and wll not surrender our right to the possession of the island. The fail interpretation of the treaty of 1846 leaveswas sworn to.O e a e r a l C©a«-The experience ofmay be thus accounted for. It is waiting for the straw- poleon fctbid the indulgence of any such hope. berry to be ripe, or perhaps until the deposits Movi.Mi.Ni3 IN DEMOCRATIC Pouncs.—The in some bank or other increase sufficiently In order to effect a good sale. It represents the creating a great deal of excitement among the cow boys, and therefore finds It expedient todevelopeinent of Mr. Fowler's defalcation isvldtng lor the punishment and dtoqaalifleshm cf officers The statement of the President of the company will be by whose carelessness or recklessness scci lenu occurredv en tion, has lost them all confidence in thepariy in this State, and has induced the leadingdemocrats of this city to settle up the little of the San Juan boundary question. It is ad- differences and troubles hitherto existing be- mitted, however, that orders have been sent to tween them, which were fostered, by tne Alba- the Governor of Vancouver's Island to station ny politicians. We understand that a move- a hundred troops on the disputed island of mentisabouttohemadehytheleadersofthe SanJuan,thatbeingthenumberofourmen party here, such as Fernando Wood, Augustus which General Scott left there pending the Schell, John Cochrane, Mr. Dix, Judge Russell decision of the question of jurisdiction betweenMassra CAMTBSU. andtbefraudsextend througha number ofysars,sad will ^h^hTtoW WMspeakingtherewa.««* oa^al i t h e Convention whichon the 18th of next month acts in a harmo- no doubt upon the point as to which channelGasxear Oisni TsaMmssn ToDAT.—Verdi'sgrand opera of "Nebuchadnezsar" will be given for thelast time at Winter Garden today, wwnaanrdag tt oa*o'clock, with Fabbri, Mirnadola, Ardavanni, aad thewhole strength of the company, the opera to pat oa nJe^Wto^arwere of an antmportaai net'-.re to*nious and combined manner, and nominatesthe right kind ef a man—such a one as eitherDouglas, Dickinson or Lane—the democraticUntitled Documentparty may carry this State in November next,against Mr. Lincoln, the Chicago candidate.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069was intended to designate the boundary line, and that interpretation throws the island of Sea Juan into American territory. „the stage ta unexceptionable style, the seenery, oostumet kc., being exoeedlngly fine. The rots of Abls ^ ^ f t h e sesston^eoeapled la tWeoe*l r^ianattees bfmembers of the Slavery Oemmittoe, snd 0 y tne pro- I^aeatoai of pettttons, an. . "•-Sfaijl .id laBsrtes ware Swssely DVfcM with speota-meetsat Baltimore•Meaejr-The Republican Convention at Chic a IO havement. Earl Grey said, in hie famous speechday, thatw n i c n En lanof the party—the abolition of slavery—so as President of the United States—a third rate ble claim*, 8 a' acceded to thenot to alarm the conservative vote, and to com Western lawyer, poorer than even poor Pierce. young republic «>' P^ce •»*•; *»t the fact is The Seaate rest 6flk» ftosnaMtss awt mis aura** M .bine as many vote-catching generalities as This is a complete defeat of S -ward, who was that England cedtV nothing, while we have re- bad and««>aalde»att«taesabjestef the O r e r t Z ' l t s raaao-st*.ss«We<*#ExciseCommissionersheldoneoftheirverybusi-theabsenceofmaterialIssueswillafford(airlyentitledtothenominationfrontthepartypeatedlydoneto.E*vnta•**«Jqo*»-<mlaih-usasmo..TheyraUeStoa*T*e.,o. ^mmmnimThis policy on the part of the black republi-tive element more watchful, and put It doubly on its guard.The Aiiglo-Fr«MCli Commercial Treaty aa a Ga'aramtea at Peace.It will be aeen by our Berlin letter that Louis Napoleon has proposed to Prussia the negotiation of a commercial treaty similar to that concluded with England. The Emperor is evidently desirous of impressing the world with the pacific character of his future policy. We cannot forget, however, the results of his famous manifesto, ' L Empire c-'est le paix." It has brought as its sequence nothing but wars and diplomatic troubles.ley and old Blair, of Stirer Springs, who, because it would be inconvenient *° England znsr£i*"»*"<»*«-««»oC though they could not obtain the nomination to divide that portion of her territory. *• * * ooafflet-« intereau i. re*** t. this hspertaat kraeslfor Madame Bates, their first love, yet prevent- ed the success of the apostle of the higher law, andgotamanwhomtheycan mould to their personal purposes more readily than Mr. Sew-Aroostook boundary difficulty, also, we i?*6*dof the service, that unlets something a ( l o a V t T »hem the whole service stay faU to the grotad.<HIaarr apraoriunoa am.J-» Swat* Military Ossaauttaa bars nor ouUreoaa-the United States, the public financ-s shouldTne extent of tation of friends, re appointed him. This is tha chargethrough the Cybuntry, taking Horace Greeley main points these rumors agreed. Frederick Hoffman, THX POST omes DEnnurcT nix.lived for any lergth of time the circumstances along with him. He may thus replenish a col- the Secretary of tbe company, who had charge of the The Post Office Deastency bill, which passed the Hoam under vbich they have been contracted. It is lapsed treasury. If people will not exchaage stock ledger, has been mining since Tuesday last, and to-day, although apparently appropriating a mack largerthe stock list, which It was his duty to have prepared a amount, really appropriates but little over three miliioa*impossible to bind posterity by compactswhich the ever-changing intereets of commu-nities may render impolitic and burdensome. be induced to part with some of their cash inCommercial treaties form no exception to the cause of patriotism, and to save the nation this uncertainty. The same principles that from bankruptcy—an event which is very likelyrule the political life of nations regulate their commercial existence. They are equally sub- ject to the ebb and flow of liberal ideas,V and co permanence can be imparted to the arrange- ments to which they give birth. Of the num-to happen if the republicans get hold of the nations purse.The only other thing for which Lincoln ha* been distinguished besides his itinerant leetheir loose dimes for the Instruction or the pleasure derived from his eloquence, they mayweek ago, has tot been forthcoming. This fact, and the recent de velop*-mints is regard to the Post Offiae defalca- tions, gave rise to the rumors of heavy overissues of 6tock and pressed the stock down to the quotation given above.AT THE COMPANY'S OFFICE,Oar reporter immediately viEited the opce of the dog.1pany, and found the President e oeeted with the director'at a special meeting, and neither President nor directors were accessible. One of tbe clerks, in answer to our Is qutries, said that the dividends were payable to day, andoat of the Treasury over aad above the postages now oa hand.•;niH.Tk-aiirTH c e i a a « » WIBUT SB88ION.Bom• to•WASHIXGTO.\, May 18, 18*3.Mr. Gacxsr, (dem.) of Me., offered s resolution that oa and after Monday next tbe Senate meet at eleven o'clock, laid aside.•turing is his defeat by Douglas in his own that the transfer books had been closed a weekMr. MASON,* (dem) of Vs., from the Committee oa berle?* conventions of a commercial character State, at a time when the ticket of the republi- •go. All employed in the office seemed very Foreign Relations, reported a bill carrying into effect thewhich 'le last half century has produced, how can party had fire thousand majority over the much excited, and thiir answers were cart and few remain in force? And jeft they have all been democracy in Illinois. In his anti-slavery often evasive. Oar reporter was turned over prefaced by glowing panegyrics on the bene- to the tiansfer clerk for further information, and the con.opinions he is the most ultra and revolutionary veisstioa was constantly interrupted by persons w&o fits that they would confer in promoting inter- of all the candidates whose names were iatro would enter, inquire for Mr. Hoffman, be shortly informed national good feeling, and in permanently .duced at Chicago; and in the campaign in thtt he waa "not in," and then retire apparently saUafiedtreaties with Chics, Japan, Siam, Persia, hi. Ordered to be printed.The message from the President relative to the Moun- tain Meadows massacre, was taken up and ordered to be printed.Reports or a private nature were received.Mr. Hmmmj., (dem ) of Texas, introduced a bill to provide for the examination and payment of claims of citizens of Texas for spoliations by Indians. Referred.The bill to authorize the payment of certain cot tracts made by the government agents was taken up sad post-At euch a nomination the democrats havethe information given above, he said that the dividends ss tbey arose. Tnose under consio oration effected, the wouldnotprobablybepaidto-day,asthestockbookswere "StabilityoftheUnionitself. Hedifferedtotallyfromthe Views expressed by tbe Senator from Illl&ois. The Tar- language pliable and elastic enough for any sleinocae;. wiAtnedssyeits tchoenrdeuhcatsineIvnedriabeaendaCchoimna-*' _t» ? u„ r, . . . . . n J : T - . . v.., not written up, and it was impossible to finrta them last rttoriesare the eosamon property of all the Suits Thefind a text to suit bis audience, expressed inian..»i(B..u JA, r„, ,,,..; ^isanequarrelsanduniteuponasinglecandi date, be he Douglas or Dickinson or Lane, butd ""J nia*aacre. • A bUl was introduced providingfor the exajniaation and payment of claims of thecitizens of Texas for Indian spoliations. The bill adoption of the Spooner and Seward theory, which bas not been seized upon as an occasionnot Guthrie, Hunter or Breckinridge, or anypurpose. The chief characteristic of it is themercial convention executed by Great Britain.'orsoundingherpraisesasthegreatpropa* willrunwellIntheMiddleStates,andhemustthat the constitution is an abolition instru-'gsndiet of peace.^be taken without any platform on hut former record in regard to the South. There Is no need of any platform. The republicans have made the issue, and that must be met, not by sidewinds or abstractions, but by a direct ne-gative. Their principles involve the dissolu- tion of the Union. Their policy is to over- throw the institutions of the South, by force or fraud, by legislation in violation of the con- stitution, or, if necessary, by fire and sword. In the face of this formidable position, to split hairs about squatter or popular sovereignty in distant Territories is like Nero fiddling while Rome was burning, or the mariners in a gal- lant ship disputing about her measurement orSouthern man. The candidate must be a man whois generally reported that the nomination of Bell and Everett at Baltimore was got up for die purpose of damaging the chances of the re- publican candidate to be nominated at Chica- go, and now it appears that another 'set of po- litical cow-boys are going to nominate Sam Houston, with a view to damage the nominee of the democratic party. Thus, while the leading politicians of the republicans and de- mocrats will each have a candidate in the field, the cow-boys who hang on the skirts of bothparties will have their candidates, too, and the contest will be a very funny and curious affair.Panama to Saa Francisco, connecting with the PanamaRailroad, and from San Francisco to Vancouver'a Islandand Oregon. lis earnings, as might be exported, ciary Committee, repotted a bill to repeal the act estab- are very large, aad the dividend, to be psld to- lishing the Court of Claims, sad to provide for the adjadi-The remarkable silence of the Express! g - ^ aAmericanaffairsthe othera great deal more of our domain than could £eThe conduct of the republican party in thisnomination is a remarkable indication of smallintellect, growing smaller. They pass overSeward, Chase and Banks, who are statesmenand able men, and they take up a fourth ratelecturer, who cannot speak good grammar, andWho, to raise the wind, delivers his hackneyed,illiterate compositions at $200 apiece. Ourreaders will recollect that this peripatetic poli-tician visited New York two or three monthsago on his financial tour, when, in return forthe most unmitigated trash, interlarded withcoarse and'clumsy jokes, be filled his emptypockets with dollars coined rut ot republicanfanaticism. If, after he becomes President of •ith dividend, on Saturday, and par ex dividend oa Wed removed. Mr. Rynders afterwards, at the urgent oouol-should adopt it without delay, sad to so considered »/ Statement of Mr. Davidge, the government; aad yet this monopoly it constantly •^*tgPresident.Ac., Ac., Actbe interposition of the United States to protect them la their rights. •Pacific stall Steamship Company, and the stock of thecompany, In conieqneaoe of these reports, fell from 107, Ugence permitted a prisoner to escape, for whicb he aitWall streetagainst Mr. Rynders, which will perhaps cost him k iJust at this time one of the directors cane from theprivate room, the meeting having adjourned, and recog-nizing several large stockholders, told them that nothing ihe Chief Jyatice deaoed duterently, and set the wrong had been discovered so far. the only thing for the Objection a*ice. Toe engagement was obligatorywait, and see what will turn up.THESAXJtAXBorxDABTDIFFICTLTY.—Ac- stxteaslTeFraudsofaCoatleteatlaiClerk ofbfeonboardsteamers Onebring,^^nzsr.^democratic politicians all through the State,and the appointment of John A. Dix as Post-master,itisthought,willleadtoarevolutionin our city politics. The treacherous conduct cording to Lord John Russell's statement In theof Richmond, Cagger, Cassidy and the Albany British House of Commons recently, the go-Regency, as developed at the Charleston Con vernment of her Majesty were watting the reply Kenneth Mackenzie, wholesale liquor dealer, was arret)!I ^ g m ^ p r o c ^ ^taking any further steps towards a settlementemployer. Investigations since hto arrest Indicate thatDAWKS advocated to* e m » »found la oar financial column.Raphael E. Smith, for many ysars confidential otorkofof General Cass to their last despatch before Wednesday on n charge of embezzling 127,000 from his taSu^teJteTetoctionconatderwtlm af I g M J - case of Daily a g a ^ J J g ^ *nach a much larger sum than mentioned in the indict ment-ptrhaps SlOO.COe.of toalises, snd the republicans were sianding in r 3 1 ^ miking about the news from Chicago. . _. wTnTsraAXxa requested ienllemen tivP^^g^ACADMT OF MCSIO-THX MATcrsn-The matinee at theAcademyofMusictodayclosestheseason. Theopera •T"ltoAS,W^of^yeaU fortheroad*- of «<Pon Giovanni'1 tsannoanced, with Pattl aad Gazxatiga in the principal parts. Lovers of music and theopera should not mtos thto inctrt positively the Ustopportunity ofmtfXJjSSSKTXTL.tna www TOSS: or rex BOLDUS.Sues Mr. Sanders' removal has been made knows, thesince one of Mr. Rynlers' Deputies, or em lo/os, by esg-Rejected.fwaa^he^Stttiiteof Mr. Wsshbnrne of " * * • " • * contains many important provisions for the rurtbe' sassyl a St* XJOUIS. the law, and another omits the number of P^«*«!LVl5 SI. LOUIS, May 18,1860. S w ^ o t o g steamers. A system of lignu. * ^ ^ ffor steamers and salHeg vessels, aad the law « i*>Mr. DAWSB, to quiet the ©onfoawn, said that S l ^ * * TM Liaoom will be the next President, and he hoped msit h5 » n m ^ B t o n * t o e r * r fT-JS*^-) _ s!^usTp-r.•asttvu^.•CFFALO, May 1», I" A The pt»ceedm§s ef the Methodtot Boiseooal Oaaersl www.fultonhistory.comwhich she can help, it is quite probable Winter Garden.port of the Committee en fevary 