 otin»S3r&•VTSW*tunikstory*flir>£kqals* ibory.art.OWTJt- ex'n*- in UW, ptyoa.storyLCK-, be-)Bt°"d-rout.-irate. Jd-av.lo-3roa<t y*o«lforteor- **e-OU6-hri^t.^**$TEnter- besw-of *J* BUrw-bur-owrar daray -oidandMAT*rlorT.iarw* o fI<6WTiler, • s o t ; rheeama* mod*Ha-orta> ,wi.tb r,«*-aaii- MTf« irh*>-*e*da»4 child, G . Mnller, Mr. Cnrran.A»»*v Ckritiama. Jrom L>;K*V»—Mr.andMr* E.Oreener,... ^ T ' flu,/s*e»e«toDollner,PotterteCo. „ _ _ , , Sehr. EBea Baker, Steehxum, Newbexn, N . C , «>day*, naval*?S^Tm£** I*»)»*» C**«w», WilBBiBstpB, N . C , 3 days, *^Sr*HrF^Stoon«.Godfrey, Newborn,N.C,3nay*,navalavailable by the high water. The track of the Hudson River Railroad h a s n o t been molested. T h e trains were all in on time to-day, and there was no delay inOne thing has lately been done which has long be6n needed, and that is the removal of the storehouse from Porto Pray a to Loanda. Porto Praya is far removed from the slave coast; the anchorage is miserable, ships rolling frightfully all the time, and everybody made uncomfortable, while Loanda has a fine, quiet anchor- age, and every facility exists on shore for supplying ships and officers; the mails arrive and depart regular- ly, and much efficiency will be added to the squadron by the change.thropists of America," in which special allusion is made to Albany, N. Y., in the following terms:»*«•'tot*5 **^ ""*'- fana» Wfe i<Mmveying the river.>XK? mahogany to C. te E . J. Peter*.Sehr. Orris Francis tofSt^ George), McCIark, Kingrton, Jam., Companion of. Feb. 21 gives the following particulars" Citizens of Albany: The cannon you fired to com- memorate the death of John Brown has reechoed in the hearts of Haytians and of the strangers of our land, and reverberates through our fieldsand cities. Your eriergttic protest against an act of barbarity does you the greatest houor, us it ovidently proves that there exist in tho American Republic courageous men devoted to the holy cause of thefreedom of tlie blacks. Receive, then, the sincere thanks of the citizens of theftttto- dtadEar» !»»-Depot; W-ooV -iiuiid- -ait and l&JBtaa--W* *r '4•tore* t*> Dibble te Buitce-Sehr. Taritet, Howe, Savannah 4 day*, cotton, * e ,Ct«*dv MottteCo.Sehr.'D. B . Warner, Carroll. Charleston 8 days, cottonto Mc« ! ,tec,tcItat the Ea«t; and from the Rev. Isaac G. Bliss, the So-ciety's Agent, on the same subject, recommending itscontinuance and increase.' A n appropriation accord- be required to fill the large casks they have, as the o il•nians, the Haytians are without prejudice; they receive chance for some one to distinguish himself. Who shall without hesitation all who come to join them. I t is bylican party.• ••.•Piww'»mtiiJfe t**p 8amuei RuneU, from Foo Chtm Foo—lb*. R E - Winston, Rer. R . 8 . MacLvy. wife, six cbikrren and ono-eorrant;Below, barks Armenia from Constantinople; Edisto, from Charleston; brig Maria, from Cienfuegos.PHILADELPHIA. March 2.—Arr. ship Sebastian Cabot, Liv- erpool;brigt*oanga,Cardenas.Below, bxig Bern. Dunning, from Matanxaa.AtCardenas,Feb.5«, brigWm. Mason, forNew-Yorkon I«t March; and scnT*. Iowa, and Mary, waiting.BALTIMORE. March 2.—Arr. brig* Essex, from Matanzas; .Queen Victoria, from St. Vincent; steamer Thoma* Swan, fromSavannah.NEW-ORLEAN8, March 1.—Arr. «hip* Ocean Monarch,Roekaway, and Wm. Rathbone, from Liverpool.a^isaiiwn, & « .ST. THOMAS, Feb. 11.—The bark Volant (of Plymouth), Bur- gess, 135 days from Singapore, a n d 47 days from Cape T own, bound to Boston, with a cargo of 180 tun* tea* aud pepper, arr. on Jan 19, the vessel leaking badly in upper work* when at sea, but on even keel, the captain says, s h e make* no water; will pTob*b>y caulk and proceed.professed to have a sick crew, and wanted assistance. ThebarkMondi,arrivedyesterdaymorningfromLiberia. W e have' The Monrovia Herald to the 4th of January inclusive. . . - . ' ' The latest paper contains the proclamation of Presi- dent Benson, with the treaty between the Republic of Liberia and the Kingdom of Belginm—the inaugural"By the Commissioners for executing the office ofLordHighAdmiralcfGreatBritainandIreland;—The the2dofJanuary,andisanadmirabledocument. TheH. B . FfeW, J. yfeW, Mr*. Wm. Gray. A*•**»Sta»ofthoWe»e,/ro**LiverpoolMr.andMr*.Litch- ; _ _ £w'm. Pratt.M *Ay» Golden Stat*, /row !*>«« Kong—*- H. Antbon, A- J.Weatervelt. -, - T» IJ* bar* Lexington, from Havana-A. MeEwon, F . 5 . Baralan,JSra.F.Bar*ent«r. .Stm—Klaee..... 8:32 | Sot*. J:»|Moon— SoU-.^.^WKWHWATKXTH18»*T.nn. s.m 8**a«rj Book... »:36 IOov. JaJsasd... -teas I Hell-Gate. b:07MARINE JO UEJSTAL.STARTLING DEVELOPMENTS. NECESSITY FOR IMMEDIATE ACTION.From OUTOwn Correfrpendent!Na-vy, on the subject of the African Squadron, he qnotes as follows from the instructions to the senior of- ficer of H. B. M. cruisers on the West Coast of Africa, in relation to the treay of Washington:. .»JPORT' OF NEW-YORKCleared,shall have slaves on board or not." •And yet, in spite of theBe PLAIS, POSITIVE^ DIRECT ORDERS from the Admiralty, to our certain knowledge, not only do the English officers on the African stationthe'treaty made'by the United States with England, board, vifiit, and interfere with vessels under Amer- providing for the keeping of a certain number of ican colors, detaining some «f them, but they even guns distributed along that" coast, in o u r national capture them. An instance of this has but lately oc-9twa»«l»rp»—Vino fBr.), Mbrobona*, LiT^rpool, John G. Dal«; Xngo, Li**** BaVr*, N«w-York and H»TTO bt«AmHhip Co,; Co- Vm^U, RWT/. ChaiWton, Bpottord. Tilwrton k Co.B»Jk*—F. S«COT, Brook*, Mobite, W . H. Hazard; D. Jex. Onid«, B*iis*», JotSah Jex.Bri^>--S«Jan», St*tMna, Mobile, W . H . Haaard ; Loin, Hoaly, .Xendos; Otto C. (Nor.), Oenderaon, Constantinople, Holmbootthe squadron there maintained, in accordance withNot alone as Republicans, but as American freemeTj, we thank Senator Seward for this noble exposition o i the great principles of repnblican freedom, and this tri- umphant defense of the Republican party from the/or Boston.Ship Samu*>l Rnmell, Wiuchell, Foo Chow Eoo Nov. 29, teas,li1m'.If ' '..!I:$iiArrivedNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBIJNE, SATURDAY. MARCH 3, i860.SJBOSTON, March 2—Arr. ship Uncle Joe, Sevrall, Liverpool; IMPORTANT FROM AFRICA- ing their positive orders net to interfere with American volnmes. She was taken in eharge by the Mystic,bark Elizabeth Cann, Lewi*, Greenock. and ordered'down to Shark's Point, as,the captainMARCHXThe Brig Abby Jonea (of Gloucester, Ma**.), Day, from Suri-nam, bound to Glouce»ter with a cargo of HUgar and molasses,arr. at the port yesterday, leaking badly. Cargo will have to b e Africa for the space of two years', to form part of discharged.THE SENTIMENT O F THE PRESS.2.t*;0 bale*; sale* of the week, 16,000 bales; receipt* of the week, * Eosdley; Matilda; Rich«rd»on, Sl»-\1, Miller k. Honghcon; 16 000 bales.curred in the case of the brig Tavernier of New-York,that most cruel, infernal, and horrible traffic, the captured by her Majesty's ship Viper, and sent to St. Both of these men, reared in Liberia, commencing representative and the expounder of its policy, we»Brig Addy Swift, Avery, Maracaibo Keb. 7, and the Bar 15th,coffee, hides, fee., to Maitland, Phelp* it Co. Sailed in companywith French barkentine Teresa, for Marseilles; Italian bark voted; several grants were made for Sunday-Schools Eduardo, for LlverpooL March 1, off the Highland*, was run into where there are no Bible Societies; books alio for dl&v b y a. schr., who carried our ibretopmast back stay and cathead;the achr. lost jibboom gear. •ment, their Senators a n d representatives i n C o n -these vessels leave New-York with the holds filled grcse, shall inquire into this foul wrong, and clothe eloquent terms in which you have addressed me. may recommend the man to the favor of thosewhoBrig Elmix (of Bangor), Tapley, Porto Cabello Feb. 14, hide*,noSee, fee, to master. Sailed in company with bark White captains of vessels sailing to foreign cenntnes. -Wing,'Ellin-, for Philadelphia. N o date, lat. 29 21, Ion. 69 10,•poke firhr Oovernor. Hooper, from Wilmington for Coracoa..coast pumpiBg out the water and filling them with oil. odium of being the protector of it. W e have seen in- onlv one humanity, because there is only one God.Brig De! hi (Br., of Yarmouth, N. S.), Cook, Ardro*«w 5»day», , iron and pipe* to Ednriaton Bro*. Had heavy N. W . rah:* dnrfnf Jiron and pip** to"Ed*oi*tonBro*. Had heavy N. W . jale« drcring the latvr part of month of January.!Brig Tbe7n«« Connar {of PortSnd), York, Trinidad d e Coba Feb. 15. m o b m s t o J . W . Dplano. fto ;Brig 0 w w d « , Pettengfl], Nuevfta* Feb. 10, sagar to Thompaon fe Bonier .OPENING OF THE HUDSON RIVER.w—*-«vINUNDATION AND FLOOD."' F-rom The Albany Krming Jourhal, la*t ctening.Now, water casks and oil casks are two different stances, in which insult has been offered to thatflag,of the proud spirit and determined power that have re- things; and the legal traders have told us that the oil sented i t . Shall this slave-trade, the most nefarious caskB come out in staves, are put together here, and piracy and murder, be carried on under that very flag," Tho French Republic had negroes among the rep- resentatives of its people; and that is the one thinghat made it above all glorious." I have been sadly deceived in that fraternity ofBrig Morning Light (Br., o f St. John, N . B.), Fritz, Mti&nZiM 10 days, sugar and molasses to P . 1. Nevina &. Son.real objects of veesels coming to Africa being;so ya^ ' the English Government, that w e observe our treaty stipulations simply in the letter,, and not in the spirit,^Sunion (Br.),JPolker,GrsadKB7,T.I.,Feb.18,salt to D. Hri I^aac Carver (or Searaport), Carver, Ponce, P - R-i TM **7*itthe floating docks of the Boston and New-York Rail- roadsweresobadlvdamaged and destroyed astobe unfit for use to-day. T h e floating dock of the Boston ferryboat has suffered the most, and it will take sev-.suppress the slave-trade (and something mnist be done,* thingshavearrivedatsuchapitch)isthedeclaration on the part of th e United States that any vessel foundevenwomenofNew-Yorkhavecapitalinvestedinthe trade. Canthisbe?Ifso,wecanhardlybelieve they are American women. We can possibly conceivethis fault. "AstoJohnBrown,hewasanapostleandahero.The gibbet has only increased his glory, and made himf_ From The Bridgeport Standard.JThegeneralverdictisthatthespeechwasagreat one, decided in its views, but calm, conservative, a n d patriotic.From The Botton Journal.Although long, it will command general perusal, not only from the high position of the distinguished Sen- ator as a leader of the Repnblican party, but as1 a mas- terly exposition of the policy of that party in its rela- tions to the South and to Slavery. It reviews in an. able manner the historv of the Slavery question, and demonstrates that the Republican party is not aggres- sive toward the institution itself, and that it is not sectional. I t closes with a most forcible and eloquent dep(0?i$tratio7i of the stability of the Union. .Brig Samtfel Lbxd9«j{c-f Boaton), Gnptill, Matanza* Feb.22, Tshort time the docks and pier were submerged. The•ice dammed up this tide of Van Wie's Point, causing eight, buckets ovor five or six, rice and farina, salt orsupposition that American women could be guilty of supplyingthe money to carry on, and taking the pro- fits arising from the slave-trade, as w e have seen itciples—Liberty." Your friend," I love your republic. Lst your people know it."M<><2r#adv Mott te C o . Had heavy weather.I S . ifarrieUof Trenton), Young, Mansanilla 23 day., cedarJM> 12 Unrwood »nd coflee t o Leaycraft &. Co. SefnfrOerArm^trong (of New-fiaven). Kel«ey, Aguadula, P .of the horrible affair:" On Sunday morning last, o u r community w a sWith this we close. It is our earnest hope that some Republic of Ilayt1, a republic that its enemies on an- other man can be thought of at Chicago in whom there attention may be called to this important theme, aud other continent represent-as always in ruin. Alba- is more promiee of strength and power to the Repub-JR. Feb, 21. sugar ano molasse* t o master-Scbr? V^por^Discsway, Mobile 15day«, cotton, kc,Oeazman4tCo. , •, w.6od- Hch?. Melbourne, Spear, Riclunond 3 dnys, cowalood. Sehi'. Ma»y C. Town, Soper, Virginia o daysS«h/. Sophronis, Van Na«le. Virginia J days,Snfa*. Ahe«, Davis, Baltimore 2 days, coal.8ehr. A. L Hardy, Smith, Norfolk 2 days oysters• 'to Sturge*,some decisive action taken in regard to it. Here is aFrom Tfie Hartford Covrant._ , . . 8ebr. Elavil!*, Pinckney, Frovinretown 4 days, fish to master.observation.more conservative than his enemies had expected.Schr- Amu Smith, Sroitn, Providence 2 day*, in ballaj-t.ftehr. James H . Hoyt, Bunce, New-Haven 2 days, in ballaat. Schr. Ro»in.i, Hu)»e, Elicabethport, coal for Boston-Schr. Delaware, Arey. Boston 4 days, linseed to manter. Steamer Boston, Sellew, Philadelphia and Cape May, md»e-»udp*8».toF.Perkin*. J„ HUuut.rr Ospray, Kenaey, Providence, mam. to Isaac U**"- Steamer Pelican. Aldrich, Providence, md*e. to Isaac OdelL BELOW—Ship Gieat W«st«rn, from Liverpool Jan. 12, mam.nadpans,to Chas.H.MazshaliteCo. Also,'6other ship*and1 balk.BMpWm. T apxctt, Bell, from Liverpool. • Also two barks and one brig.—J A)! by pilot boat M. H. Grinnella l l l h h a a a z u a - r d d Rs ? 1("d enbai UK i >\- ^- P^? Congo. Shewontupthatnver, this ship went to Loanda. Ginning out from Loanda .we again met h e r , coming out from the coast, steering to northward and westward. As eoOn as she mace ns out she hauled up close on the wind on tho star- board tack S h e w a s then under topsails, topgallantTheicountryisquiet,andthepopularityofPresident felavery question ui>on the political history of our '{No. «,WIAD—Sunset, N . W .By TcI«Kr»ph.i ^l ~ o clock, and before being hovesun to the original when first seen.answered, " The bark Orion;" that she was bound to the,s.ou.t,h,w.ard,,' t-•o• -Loanda. An examination, of a BU- pernciaJ kind, was mode,-and s h e w a s l e t proceed.SAKDY HOOK. March 2, sun.net.—One balk at anchor iaaide the Bar. bound in; haikentine Lamplighter passing in the Hook; **eaaaabip Boramia, of and for Hamburg, crossed the Bar at 7 a.ax.; »bip Clad Tiding*, for New-Orlean*, at 12:45; »hip* A*hbur- ion, for Antwerp, and David Crockett, for San Krnn<risco. a t 1:20; ••hip Kathay, for London, at2:30;ship Issau; W»hb, for Liverpool, " ^ V ^ x v ^ ^Sl?*- W - - moderate; weather ba/.y oft shore.HIGHLANDS, March 2. »nns«t.—Ship Ore»t Western, from Liverpool, passing the Highlands. A ship In tow zoliig hi over the Bar, and a bark in the Offinz. bound in. Wind N. W., fresh; weather clear.LONG BRANCH,March2,sun*et.—WindN.,moderate;e) 1 in ht^SnXSs ?*Jl.. S^SRS * »^ inward bound.K a LAi yj£TT£ T .LA £> March 2. sonset.—Two ships'condii*«ptheBay. Windfcwbfroja#. W.;weathwcieu,tami , . im plicatedi ^ e r ' l n v e ^ ^ n ^ ' ^ ' g o to press, andwe are, jTM - £ - £ . done, the slave-trade will never be At Kabenda, we met tho Mystic, the captain of whichdog is to wear a metal collar with the word licensed,and his owner's name engraved thereon. Any dog .the lofty patriotism of this speech have rarely^wepmmwmmH W I W W P W S R W - l I ' - M - i i •osasagnseacagts p?l"ITdog five and a half mo»ths old may be a most mischiev- ous and even dangerous brute, yet the tax for keeping him is the same as fox keeping a lady's lap-dog, a hous« poodle, or a email rat terrier, neither of which wool* do ten cents' worth of damage to sheep in ten years. W ei have in the State of New-York jast such dog-taxing lawB, makmgno distinction between the ugliest brute lrv-»,}ng and the most valuable house or huuting dog, or the most innocent little child's pet. Dogs, on the whole, we consider a nnieance, aad believe the world wouM be better if all their tails were chopped off close be- hind their ears. But there is a difference even in dogs.III *•>'»&' ' W »'market*.—Reported by Telegraph.MoBlue, March 1.—COTTOX dull and unchanged; sale* to-day2,500 bale*.CHARijjxTOjr, March 1.—COTTOJ* unchanged; sale* to-dayPniLAnxuHiA, March 2.—FLOUR firm. WHKAT active; White,SI54'©SI57;Red,SI37®$140. CORKsteady;ixel- low, 78'S74c. PROVISIONS steady. WHISKY steady.BUlow, S«5t«i, Hmliliax, D . R . Dtswolf; Tim* (Br.), McDoujpdl, St- Jobn'», N . K. fcSohooner*—Horndon, Oaakill. "Waahinjton, Browa, DeRonttett it Co.; T . Jeff*>r»on. Cbaae, Salem, R \V. Rope* & Co.; Paujcnu- »«tt, W»pl««, Philadelphia, J . W . McKeo; W . Lanca-ter, H e n - dexaon, Gonai^rea, Miller U iionebton ; R. 8 . Hanttey, Htaimond, ^altixnoTe; Worth, Merrill, Wilmington, McCready. Mott & Co.; Ann D , Newton, Alexandria, M. Bedell; Wonder. Hallock, Nor- folk, Stnraea it Clearnoan; L . Moli'ord, Uojle, Wilmington, Van Brant it Sla«ht; CalHope, Hopkinn, Pernaxnbaco. R r . Back it Co.; 0 . Deartnjc. Parkbam, F.li2«bethport, O. S. Hatch; F. Nick- er*on, FaMbrd, Charlexton, Dollm-r it Potter; Jamet H . S<inire, 2£Ua«, SaTanaah, H . Reinnea; Eldad. Dayton, J£lizabethport, Poet, Small -U Co.; Anmn, Dart, N«w-H»T«n, maoter.. Sloop Emily Jane, Dayia, New-Haren, manter. Steamer—Ootorara, Fow!«r, South Amboy.Arrired.Steemahip Yorktown, Parriah, Richmond, md«ie. and pa**, to Lsdum it Heinoken.Steamship ParkerabnTg, Powell, Baltimore, mdae. and paaa. to H. B.CromweDk.Co.Steamebip Monti^ello, Oager, Baltimore, md»e. a n d paae. t o M. B . Cromwell & Co.Ship Golden State, Hepburn, Hong Kong Dec. 3. in ballast to Henry W . HobbelL Dec. 7, in lat. 8 N., Ion. 109 E., spoke and y a a e d Dutch ship Enropa, from Hong Kong for Sydney, 5 days out; 13th, anchored in Batavia Roads; sailed Dec. ID; paseed JPrincea Island D e c 27; Jon. 10, la:. 25 S.. Ion. 55 E-, spoke a n d eaaaed ship Electiic Spark, from Hong Kong for Now- York, 29 day* out; l3th. lat. 28 55 S., Ion 47 30 E .( spoke and passed Br. •hip Ctneen Victoria, from Calcutta for London, 39 day* out; 14CO, lat.M>S.,ton.43£., apokeand passedsbip BlandinaDud- ley, from Calcutta for Boston. 48 days out; 17th. lat. 3228 S.,lon.32 35 £ . , spoke and psuwed Br. bwrfe Nemesis, from Batavia for Idyerpool, 39 day* oat; 19th, lat. 33 23S., Ion. 28 46 E.. spokn mad passed Dutch bark Reyerward, from Batavia for Rotterdam, M days out; 21st, paseed Cape of Good Hope; saw two barks and m brig; 27d, *poke and passed Br. bark Enuly, from Maulmain for "Whitehaven. 66 day* o u t : crossed the Equator Feb. |4, in Ion. 3t7 15; Feb. 27, Jacob Smith, of Sweden, a neaman, fell from fore <op*»,lIantma*t head, and was drowned; all effort* to save h imbeing Tuaacraitmg.Snip David Brown, Behro, Wbarapoe. via Hong Kong Nov. 20;D««*edAnjierDec T\;teas,fee.,toA.A.LowfeBro. Dec19, JaC 17 S., ion. 104 E-, signaled ship Spitfire, from Tomabaya for Amsterdam: Jan. 15, lat. 34 S., Ion. 24 E., signaled >hip Panama, Cane, from Foo Chow for New-York; 18th, passed Cape of GoodHope; Feb. 9, crossed the Equator in 35 w . • 27th, int. 34. Ion. 74. spoke herm. b:ig Que^a victoria, of and from St. Vincent for Baltimore, 9 day* out. The D . B . ha* had light breeze* and tine •weather ; had three skysails set for 90 days; took a pilot from boat Mary Taylor (No. 5) ; Feb. 20. 10 a. in., N . of Cape Maye, passed An/ier io company with ship Josiah L. Hale, Graves, £toniM&uiIa-waa in company with *bip Panama, Cane, from Foo Chow for Francis Hall, »nd Pelutiah Porit, esqs. oil, uniil,'thefavorable moment having arrived, the New-York, all swell, 18 days ont; Jan. 4, Ut. 25 50 S., Ion. 59 E ., The decease of the Rev. Dr. Goodrich, a member ofarfgnaJed ship Spitfire, with fore yard gone; Feb. 28, lat. 35 3$, the Committee on Versions, was announced, and ap- cargo is shipped, and a few hours finds them out ofExports of the weekDecrease as compared with same week last year. Imports of the woekIncrease over same week last year»J87,8»>3 69,493 262,041 10,456The few months' experience w e have had on the Total by ail Raute*—March 2.—500 bbls. Flour, 720 pkg*. coast has not been altogether thrown away. It hastared, the scene was frightful. Some were dying, in which he had merited and won the esteem of all, siasm of partisan followers. W e are confident that and invoking a continuation of his lively interest inReceipt**of Produce.Provisions, 320 pkgs. Lard, 417 bbl*. Whisky.AMERICAN BIBLE SOCIETY,thoroughly convinced us, that the whole slave coast is,•wemay say, lined with slavers, who are generally from New-York, cleared from, the Custom-House,many sick, all miserable, and suffering from the effectsof cold, damp night air, producing bronchitis andcough. The officers were so horrified that they desire W . Anderson, acting County Attorney, were adopted views, or intended action, upon the subject of Slavery.ingly was made for this purpose.Grants of books were made to the MassachusettsSunday-School Union, and t;> the Sunday-School Onio>\. of the Methodist Episcopal Church, for their schools •where no auxiliary Bible Society is accessible; Testa- ,is obtained slowly, and in small quantities a t a time.mente in Hawaiian a n d English for Honolulu werewe were informed by merchants there. Moreover,tribntion on Staten Island and in Texas; also books .inwith water casks, full of fresh water, under the pre-tense of carrying- the water for ballast, and on thethe proper persons with the power sufficient to exter- minate every vestige of this diabolical Vandalism. Until this, be done, onr flag must incur, the constantYour words reach my heart." A white and a black Republic are sisters, the sameas a white and a black' man are brothers. There ishave hitherto distrusted him, it would be premature to conjecture, but w e are certain that it will ryroye J; most effective and important aid to the cause in which he is enlisted, and will go far toward setting thatause in its true fight in the minds of many, who ar»till,unable to appreciate its real value or its hitrh pur- pose.From The Boalon' Courier.The great event in Cong-rese yesterday was the Seech of Senator Seward, which w e give in full ine telegraph columns. It is marked by that clearnes* f statement, and boldness of expression, which have always distinguished the performances of this states- man. W e submit it, without further comment thievarious languages were ordered for distributee byWst^wood, fee, to A* H . Solomon fe Co. Feb. 28, lat.35^30, inundutin^ the basements of the houses on South leys, planking, or lumber, shall be captured as a law- bere^on the coast; is too monstrous for belief.The John Brown excitement has not yet subsided in Hayti. I n Cape Haytien, Cayos, Jacmeland Gonaives, as well as a t Port-au- Prince, religious services iu com-Van. 7 4 2 5 . s a w » c h r . G r a n d T u r k ( o f T r o y ) , s t e e r i n g N . W . T h e bark Carib, foT Boston, sailed 5 day* previous.BToadway and tbose on the croee streets east of it, leading to the river. ' _ ' .ful pri/e, aud so considcrod, to any United States ves-In this connection, a n d before closing, let us revertto a subject that h a s often been spoken of. in relationto the keeping' of ships of war on the African Bta-. memoration of John Brown have been held with alltion, and that is, the loes of life and health resulting possible pomp and solemnity, and all over tho islandfrom the effects of the climate. The facts bearing on. subscriptions in behalf of the widow of John Browntbisquestion are, that a cruise of two years on the have boen started. Le Progres says:station cannot seriously interfere with health., beyond " Not a town, not a village, not even a little hamlet,the effect of confinement aboard ship. The reports of but should feel it a duty to cooperate actively in thisthe medical officers on the station prove that when great national work in proportion to its means. ShameshipB' crews aie not allowed liberty on rhore after sun- and ignominy should be • the portion of that Hay tiandown, aud shins are not taken up rivers, the station is who will not take his part in this contribution. W e searching, logical/ and statesmanlike. Considering t i esel of w ar so capturing, without any mock trial at J. Bfcrboo fe C o. Feb. 27, off Ociacoke. *poke -<chr. Spnnjbok, Railroad, last evening, crossed on the plank bridge, as some port in the United States where tho immenseSehr. Fleetwood, llazleton. Para Feb. 1, hide*, rubber, fcc, t oPassengers by the late train onthe Huison Jviverfrom Georgetown. S. C , bound N.: wwr in the river, sclir. Maria, .hwwse.Tia Maranbam, bound up to Para. „••••.» »- •' Sebr Clara (of Harrington}, Putnam, Jacmsl reb. 12. coSwe«ndlogwoodtoBrett, Son&.Co. Feb.14, offCape*iborner, •sgnaUsd 5obr Hanover , steeling N .Schr. Grendilla (f f Boston). Baker Cardenas. 2 days, angar and aooiasa** t o Post & Small. The bris Hannah, Watts, from Balti-"^cbrfphtebe, Morrow, AguadUla, P . R , 10 day*, fruit to The*. i ^ r / B a y State, Hallett, BoatonS,.day», mdse. to Dayton fe«cmr-"Norfolk Packet, Bedell, Apalachicola 15 days, cotton, tee,to Ralph Fo»t. w i n v- _r iv day», vndie. to Stnrge*, Sehr. S. C. Jones, Bodell, Norfolkalso did the baggage-wagons, heavily laden*It w a s the intention to allow the bridge to remain down until morning, KO that t h e passsmrers by thismorning's train might cross, but after 32 o'clock last night the water rose so rapidly that before any demon- stration could be made tac ice Btaited, carrying the bridge down the river.moneyed influence and interest of these worst of pirates can clear any vebcel not found with the slaves absolutely aboard of her, and can often do it- even then.Tbr vessels engaged in the trade, in addition to the abv. ? named articles, cany large quantities of. From The Boston Atlat and Bee.It is a powerful speech, cool and diepassionate, not excited a n d fiery. Possibly it h a s fewer of'those highly-wrought Macaulian passages than some othe~ ofSefcr- Mox*b*Jl. Chichester, Richmond 4 day*, mur and tobacco to C H . Pierson it Co. „ „ •' , 9ckr. Richard Vaux, Blink, Newbero, N . Cv, 4 day*, naval•tore* to T). C. Murray.Sehr. M . A . Sfaindler, Jordan, Charlerton i day*, cotton, * e ,§eisfcoin New-York by the Hudson River Riilroad, j a&t the ice had dammed up at the nine mile tree.The Mohawk River broke up this morning, and the ice from it will doubtless assist in removing the obstruc- tion below.point on the coas? to which they are bound, stay a few days,' and then proceed, under cover of trading, from point to point, slave depot to slave depot, along the coast, engage the cargo,pay for it, and proceed to. sea, until the time agreed upon for picking up theThe more you give, the country, your race, a n d" From the opposite, shores of our harbor our fathers, thebravesoldiersof1804,arecontemplatingus. They are touched with joy and delight. They animate us by their voice and actions. T h e successful result of the subscription in favor of John Brown will be tho glory of our country, and the resuscitation of the negro race; lot us not forgot it."From The Sprinyjicld (Ma**.) Republican.. As a vindication of himself and of the Republican party from the attacks of their enemies and the dis- trust of ignorance, there could be nothing more ad- mirable o r complete than this sp ech.From The. Worcester (bl&m.) Spy. '•There are millions w h o will read it now with ad- miration, and the next generation will study it as one of the greatest and most important speeches of our time, ft is a masterly stateaxent of the Slavery ques- tion and the present position of parties, such a state- ment aa no other man could make. And it was deliv- ered with such freedom from passion, such dignity and elevation of mind, and such serene confidence m his principles, that it must compel the respect and admira- tion of his opponents. His statement of the principles and views of tho Republican party will be accepted as the best that has ever been made; and who is fitter than he te bear the party standard, and lead us to vie.tory in this year of our Lord 1860 ? Who can awaken. more enthusiasm, or give us better hop3 of success? Away with all cowardly and treacherous counselors! Let ns be men and act with th e spirit of men. N oto matter.Sekr. Sna Bird, Smith, Wilmington, N . C , 4 days,to roaster.S^hr^3xtrpri»*s, Cole, Charl^«ton 6 day«, cotton, SLCSchr. Wide World, Buckley, Savannah 4 days, cotton, tee, toMcCfeady, Mott te Co. ' , to 8cbr. V% O . Smith, Scott, Charleston 7 days, cotton, & eand the Canary Islands, ciews m a y be maintained in excellent health.heart and give abundantly. more will y o u honor your yourselves. ••".-.'The hairier formed a t V a n Wie's Point last night calico prints, crockery, mm, & c , with which to p a ygave way abont 11 o'clock this morning, when she for the slaves. Being cleared, wish papers all correct, water* fell full 20 inches in almost as many minutea. &c, and oftentimes a Portuguese or Spanish super- Since that time it has remained^about stationary which cargo, and a foreign captain, they make boldly for the tends to confirm the report brought up by the p^tssen-the most healthy of all. Intermittent and remittent can find for him no word of stigma qntticiently bitter, bilious fevers prevail on shore; but they can be avoid- cutting, and severe. Haaten, then, every one, to the ed by not sloping at night in the malarious region. subscription offices opened in every town, to honor the Thus this obstacle in the way of keeping up a sufficient memory of John Bro.wu and glorify our race. Y e force vanishes. I t may be remarked, too, that there is poor, bring your mite; dread not an increase of vour no necessity for ships to go up rivers. Slavers can be privations, for God will reward you an hundredfold. caught as they are coming out at night. By a properly Ye rich, delay not! Listen to the impulses of your regulated Bystem of recruiting at St. Helena, Madeira,source from which it comes, and also its matter, it is tlie great production of the present session, as it will be a point and an era in the great canvass which is now opening. It is, in fact, a Senatorial oration worthy any period of this Republic, or any peric-d od . any nation which has existed heretofore.naval attorea-to Dollner a oartman was drowned last night near the Boston slaves. On the night determined upon, they sail-Jonas Savfth te Co. . , . toSx^t Stag. Loveiand, St. Mark'* 14 day*, cotton, See.,Sefcr* Sarah Brueo, Douglas*, Washington, N . C , 7 day», naval of the ferry-boats, because their docks are how midethem in caSbes. The refractory ones are clapped in irons; or made drun'r. with rum; and in this stupefied con- dition, they are carried aboard, stowed in. a sitting pos- ture, with the knees drawn u p HJ closely tliat they can scarcely breathe, much less,move.Now their sufferings become dreadful, horrible: in- deed, human language is incapable of describing^ o r imagination of skecching even the faint outline of a dimly floating fancy of what their condition is—home- sick, sea-sick, half-starved, naked, crying for air, for water, the strong killing the weak, or dying in order to rrake room, tho hold becomes a perfect charnel-house of death and misery—a misery and anguish only conceivable by those who have endured it. Ophthalmia breaks out; every n6W cage is thrown overboard, un-There was a report in circulation this morning tliatRailroad Depot, but it needs confirmation.All the ferry-boats were running this morniug, al-though the river was covered with floating ice.The railroads have sustained no damage, except thecautiout-ly yet boldly in, anchor, an3 in. two or threeAs far as the sailing qualities of this Bhip are con-cerned,sheisremarkablywelladaptedtothestation;asregards her ventilation and suitability for a cruise In awarm climate, she is exceedingly deficient. Her speedhas been tested with the fastest English vessels on thestation, and she has invariably far outsailed them.Even steamers, under sail and steam, she has outdone,while her appearance is tho admiration of all behold- Le Progres also containn an address to the " Philan- ers.carrayii'g away of the floating docks.Tbif, however, does not interfere with the running..deep and extended views he takes of the ties that bind startling facts have been developed, which show how mies of humanity who decry us." ability, with careful preparation and thought in every>> •tbe work IHgoing on. Capt. Brent sent homo the bark Another newspaper, called Le Travail, a journal otOrion as a suspected slaver. She was not condemned. industry, commerce,agriculture, &c, has been started part. It was, moreover, much less radical and ntuoaat Porlrau-Prince. The new journal will not meddle with politics. , „ . ,MURDERD a . KEITT.—Atelegraphicdispatchpa'wengers toora n dfrom the __depotsacross•from Washington announced the murder of Dr. W. J. Keitt of Florida by bis negroes. The Ocala (Pla.)thrown into a state of great excitement by t h e a n -nouncement of thedeath of Dr.W.J.Keitt,oneof derthesuppositiontliat thediseaseiscontagious,,andIt showed how great is his statesmanship, aad whatthe most talented citizens of Florida, and our Senator to the State legislature. H e h a d been living by him- self on his plantation, about three miles from Ocala, and had been in ill health for some time past. "Early in the morning, one of his servants, who hid waited on him during his illne?s, came into town, and stated•that as be went into his master's room to bnild a fire, he found him lying on th e ttoor, dead. A t first it wan supposed that he had died suddenly, from an affection ofthose who are dying meet t h e same fate. This is no fancy sketch. Only the other day a memorable in-i t b e ? TlTvi'IMI'l 1 our conduct, and by that alone, that you can find argu-i.. »>—bmce writing the above some strange and ments capable of refuting the assertions of those ene- the States. As an intellectual effort, it exhibited greatIf we are really determined to suppress the trade, the heart; but on visiting his house, his body wai the next question is, What means should be adopted?Jefi'rard 6eems greater than ever.Doc LAWS.-Ohio, after suffering more than a n yother State by sheep^killing dogs, has at length wakedup to the necessity of enacting a dog law. The bill,which has' already passed the House, provides that nocountry. H e points out the steady downward course of the Democratic party in its subserviency to the in- terests of Slavery, until it has reached its present SX- treme position, BOfar removed from that which thefoun* dera of our government occupied. He setsforth the noble and peaceful ends which the Republican party pr»os*>,. and vindicates them triumphantly from the a^usswonafound bathed in blood, and hiB throat cut from ear to" A n mqneBt was soon held,.and it wart'fonndthatheIn addition to the necessity for the enactment of a lawembracing the prohibitions before referred to, the Gov-ships; in protecting our legal traders from anno-yanceby them-, in •making our flag respected, and in secur- ALABMINGINCREASEOPTDESLAVE-TEiBE. ingtoourownwarvesselstheirownproper prizes. In a pamphlet b y Commander A. Footeof the U. S .UNITED STATES SHIP PORTSMOUTH, ,1commandingofficersofher Majesty's shipsontheAf- rican Station will bear in mind that it is, no part of St. Paul de Loanda, 1859 thflir duty to capture or visit, or in any way interfere with vessels of the United States, whet/ier these vesselsHerald thus speaks of the address:" On Monday, th e 2d of January, Stephen AllenBenson, with imposing ceremonies, was inauguratedPresident of the Republic of Liberia, for a term of twoyears. I t is needless to state that this is the third termof his Presidential career, elected twice without an op-ponent, a thing rarely to be seen in our world. Neverwas there witnessed in Liberia a demonstration ofmore apparent good feeling, and common interest, audbrotherly consideration, than w a s presented o n Mon-day. Daniel B. Warner (the name itself supersedes false accusations that have been made agamst it. Anthe necessity of encomiums), was inaugurated Vice members of the parly, constrained to admit that theI t is now eight months since this ship left t h e United States, as a cruiser on the West- Coast ofSENATOR SEWARD'S SPEECH.veBBels, in order to suppress and finally exterminatePresident of the Republic."Helena for condemnation. W e fell in with this brig their manly career with her infancy, and strengthen- looked forward with 90 little anxiety to a speech.slaVe-trade.In the making of a treaty of this kind, itistoing with her growth, have acquired that experience that is necessary to manage the arduous duties ofwhich all felt was to become a text-book with Repub- licans, and had been carefully prepared with that in- tent. 'AH snch w e cheerfully receive it, and whether thespeaker himself be the nominee forthe officeof President of this Republic or some other gendemari standing upon the same platform, we feel sure thafc every one will recognize in the dissemination and s u -B Ai.TixoKK, March 2—F,W)UR firm ; Howard street, $ 5 5 0 .WHKAT buoyant; sale* 3,000 bush, at $ 1 30®$1 36 for Red, andS150'fl>$15, for White. COR* active and steady; White at be supposed that it is meant to b e something more nant of the Viper. On being boarded, he said he could State. 67'273c; Yellow, 69ffi73e PORK generally steady; Mess, Slo;Prime, Si5. LARD active at ll'<z>ll-{c. WHISKY steady at 24£cr-xw-ORUiAJfs, March L—FLOOR declining; sales at S6Wa> S6 50 for .-up*rfine, and $ 6 75@S7for ixtra. BARLKY, 75®85c LAKI»,inkeg".HieNKW-ORUCANH, AUr -.h 2.—COTTON—cales to-day, 13,500 bales;Srices irieguiar at ll>i'a-llc. /or Middling; sales of tho week, ),500 bales. Receipts of the week, 76,000 against 50,000 bales last year. Expert*, 74,000 bales; total export*, 1,320.000 bales. Receipts ahead of lust year,'374.000 bales; receipts at all South- ern ports ahead of last >ear. 649,000 bale*. Stock in port. 566.000bales, Bgainst 51ft,000 bale*last year. COTFKK firm at 12©13e ; sale* of the week, 12.500 bags; stock in port, 41,500 bags; im - ports, 1,000 bags. FLOUR closed with an advancing tendency, at S6 50'a>S6G0. COK^Tquiet at 75@85c MOLASKKS, 36i'5>37Ac. BACONquietatS1862i-a>$1875. FREIGHTofCottontoLiv-erpool, 5d.CINCINNATI, March 2.—FLOUR dull and demand trifling, a t $ 6 30©S5 40 for superfine. WHISKY dull and heavy, with a decline of -Jc.; sales at 19£c PROVISIONS generally unchanged. Mesa POKK in good demand at S17 25®S17 50. Balk MKATS firm. SHOULDERS 63®6£C SIDKH 82®8ic- LARD lO leEXCHANGES.NXW-ORLXAN8, March 2.—Exchange on London declined IWcent, at 7J®8J f> cent premium, and with bill* of lading 7®7i •P"cent premium. Sight Exchange on New-York, 60 day*, li®2 per cent discount, and at sight -J per cent discount.CINCINNATI, March 2.—-Demand for money pressing, a n d market stri-.gent. Good paper in selling outside of discount hou-es at 15®18 per cent discount. Sight Exchange o n New- York for gold at i'&X per cent- iCOMMERCE O F BAL TIMOREBALTIMORE:, March 2, 1860.than a dead letter; yet, it seems, from the loose and indeterminate nature of the instructions givennot.giveherup;thatwhenfirstseenby theVipershe was under American colors, but that when he pushed off his boat from the Viper to visit her, she hauled. Thesamepaper, in alluding to the conditionand prospects of the Republic, says:," Who,, then, can say, that Liberia will not succeed ? Where is the man with soul so base, who can say thatbringingBible Hou8e, ABtor place, on Thursday, the 1st inst, a/id maneuvering about on tlie coast, under variaus as apprentices, and their ultimate condition be but little LIBERIA COLLEGE.—The President transmitted, aall the appliances of the trade with tJiem,at 4| o'clock p. m., the Hon. LUTHER BRADISH in the pretenses and disguises of legal traffic—particularly few days ago, a special message to the Legislature, ac-The stated mees'Dg of the Managers wan held a t thegroes will be sent from St Helena to the West Indies,1both branches of the Legislature, and of the Cabinet.better than if tbey had proceeded to their original des-ate, to A. A . Low & Bro. Dec 22, lat. 14 13 S., Ion. 102 30 E ., chair, assisted by Benj. L. Swan, William B. Crosby, under that most specious blind, the obtaining of palm tination; whereas, if delivered up to thia ship, as they companying a memorial and resolutions from theIon. 71". signnlrdTship Ladoga, from Bermuda for Boston, with loss of all tlnve topgallant mast* and head oi main topmast. Died— Jan. 5 , Clara Mac lay, aged 3 years and 2 month*; heir remainspropriate resolution* adopted.danger, on the way to the West Indies. -Much ignorance prevails at home in relation to thetrue state of affairs on the coast. • The palm-oil trade is supposed to be in a highly flourishing condition. W e are told that t h e competition between English a n d American merchants to obtain possessionof this trade is so great, tliat they, are almost rqady to cut each other's throats, in their eager desire to run one another off the coast; and that it is the policy of England, through her navy, to annoy American vessels so much thatat its last session.GRINDING SEASON.—Our farmers on the St. Paul'sRiver have commenced grinding and manufacturing their sugar-cane. The cane crops are 50 per cent more extensive than last season, are in a more healthy looking condition, and promise a much greater supply of sugar, sirup, and moiassesv than we have yet had.BREAD.STUI rs—It is a notable fact that at no periodand argumentative di'splny* of oratory which teach a. nation to forget the blind appeals to'fancy and to preju- dice. W e present this morning a full report of «ie speech, which we trust will be attentively perused. Its tendency will be to make men stand firmly, holding to t h e principle8 enunciated b y o u r political fore-i fathers.From The Botton Traveller.Seven new Societies were recognized, of which four • w*re brought to this city. Bi/tli—Dec 19, on beard the Samuel are in Kansas, one in Iowa, one in Ohio, and one inJUisaUl,inlat.915S., Ion.10441 E.,Mrs.WilliamGrayofa slanahcer .Connectinnt.Interesting commnnications were received fromSuip Panama, Case, Foo Chow Foo D*c- 6 ; passed Anjier Dec.35, tb**Cape of Good Hope Jan. 17, and crossed tne Equator Feb.II, in loss. 16; teaa. silks, tc.. to N. L. it G. GriBWold. From theCape tff Good Hope have bad very light winds. March 2, 2 5miiea S. £ . from the iiighland*. took* pilot from boat J. D.Jones railroad employees; from a I»dy at Browsville. Texas, <No.lA).Sbip-Obti"rti«JBa, Moii. London and Dartmouth Jan. 8, mdse. in regard to the circulation of the Scriptures alonj? the xad 16 paa«- to OrinneU,, Minturn it Co. Has had heavy westerly Rio Grande and in Mexico; from the Rev. L . S. Jaco-catch him. Thus w e see what care, vigilance, and efficiency are needed to put down this vile work.present. Rice has been produced even in the Bassa and Kroo countries, an unusual thing, this season, to an almost incredible quantity.fault; for in a modern political speech we have come to look upon something more tnrgid as a necessary ac- companiment. It is the work of a safe and clear-xalee, with tremendous sea; from Jan. 12 to Feb. 4 had a succes- sionofoeavyW.N.W..and W.S.W.gales;hasbeen12day*by, Bremen, in regard to printing the Bible in thatcity; from the Rev. James Hocart, Paris, with en- Sbtp London, Hnrlbat, London and Isle of "VVi«ht Feb. 1, couraging statements us to ohe prospect in Fiance andW. of Geox&e'a Shoal, witit Ught winds and calms aud Cogs.snalse. and 30pas*, to GnuineJl. Minturn it Co. Feb. 16, John Laly, from the Rev. Mr. M'Neill, Secretary of theopinioniswhollyBnrge** o f Deal, a seaman, .fell from main topsail yard, striking thesnip's««*•»,todwaslo-t; itwa» blowing agal^atthe time, and 't was JtupOtisible t o save him.Society, in regard to his tour at the South; from Sethdieds of slave ships, in the name of eur common hu- any quantity and for anything.The farmers, too, have raised rice in large quanti-Either party which fails to nominate its most promi- nent and widely-known leader iu this crisiw will be beaten; if each puts forth its strbng man, the contestDrigx8. tsq., Oaraceas, returning thauk* for books Ship Star of the W^est, Morrison, Liverpool J a n 12, and ^ape granted, and asking further aid in that way; from theengaged in this oil trade. During eight mouths, w e stop it, and the means and ability to enforce that p^^er, have seen but one, while in the same psriol w e have to this African coast, and, with an iron hand, to strangleties," while cassava, potatoes and eddoes glut our mar-ket; as to the last, however,, we speak more especially will be earnest and vigorous.Clear Keb. 1, mdse. and 167 paaa to Sam'I ThompHouV Nephew. ' Ship Rock light, Hadley, Liverpool Jan. 6, mam. to master.JTeb. 19, James X»ay of Ireland, a seaman, died.Ship Bernard, Hobbard, Charleaton -6 day*, cotton acd rice t oBenner it Deake.Bark John Winthrop (of Bwttora), Eldredge, Curacoa Feb. 6,Bart, bide*, fee , to xatutboT. First day ont. In a.heavy gxJe from N. K., sprung the foremast and started a leak; since which ha* hod a succession o f calm*.Bark Addison Child ( o f Boston),* Smith, Ttltimo 4 5 day*; passed Gibraltar Feb. 21 fruit to Draper it Devlin. Was in com- pany eiTGibraltar with bark Zephyr, of and for Boston.Bark Clara Windsor, McEwen, Port-au-Prince 15 day*, l<g- wood, coffee, fee, t o H . Becker k Greave*.Baxk Atlantic (Bremen), Feldhnsen, Bremen 72 day*, mdjsc and 15 paaa to H . Koop.Bark Lexington, Wilkin*, Havana 9 day*, *ngar, tebacco, fee, to Albert Horn.ev. S. B. Bergae, Secretary of British aud Foreign Bible Society, in reference to printing Scriptures in the East; from the Rev. A. G . Simonton, Rio de Janeiro,with pleasing accounts of the demand for the Bible in Brazil; from the R e v D r . Dwight, Corjetantinople. indo*ing letters from Bishop Gobat of Jerusalem and oilers, in regard to the usefulneps of Bible corportag*encountered dozens of pretended American oil traders. The English officers know of but three English legal traders on the Blave coast. Again, the vessels we have examined have generally been cleared from New-Yorkfor a period of seven to nine months, while, under fa- vorable circumstances, nearly two years or more wouldthe demoniacal traffickers in human souls. Shall!it be, that our country, whose flag so often covers this pirati- cal trade, will not deliver itself from the odium of not doing what lies in its power to suppress it,and to fulfillits treaty obligations? Can w e believe that it is^e.-w^iU of oor people that snch scenes as were beheldon the Tavernier Bfiall be enacted dally on this coast—children torn from their homes, almost the very babesfrom their mothers'breasts, and carried off far fromtheir native land, perhaps to meet a horrible death inof our own city.LATER FROM HAYTLTHE JOHN BROWN EXCITEMENT.By the arrival of the brig J . Beurmann, from Port-au-Prince, we have Hayti news to Feb. 15.Victor Hugo has addressed to the people of Hayti a letter of friendship and admiration. I t i« ostensibly a response to a letter addressed to M. Hugo by threecitizens of Hayti, now in Paris:" HAUTEVILLE HOUSE, ISLE OF GUERNSEY, >W e anticipate a t Charleston the nomination of Doug- las and Stephens, and at Chicago of Sewand aud Bates, for the offices of President and Vice-President. f'From Th* Boiton Advertiser.The speaker avoids the stale topics of Southemag-gression a n d t h e invidious comparisons, uponwhien men of les J caliber waste their words; the use of terms of almost inevitable occurrence, b u t of unpleasant sound, is shunned with what may appear to some a n excess of scrupulous «delicacy. The great topic of the day is dealt with as if it had never made the Senate Chamber ring with words of passion andreproac¥. Mr. Seward's speech may not take his friends b y s u r - 1rise, but we venture to assert that it will disappointagents a t home, showing the good effects of BiWe a t - tribution ; from a lady a t Auburn, relating to the good resulting from Bibles granted for distribution amongTOonld take a cargo of slaves from one of three named in the history of Liberia have domestic and even for- The speech of Senator Seward may be looked upon as the Republican plan of the coming Presidential points on the coast, and that he would not be able to eign breadstuffs been so cheap and abundant as at campaign. It is moderate, cool,'and calm, almost to aIVusIn the first place, there are/eo; or no English vessels manity, to come to the rescue, to send the powjerjto:tbeyfalse.willn o tcomeforoil.Human blood is crying out from the holds of hunr On our windward coast? rice can be purchased in headed statesman.Atthepresenttime,too,oilis scarce; andat Am-5thereekingholdofaslaveship,oraworsefateintheliving death, the protracted torture of life slavery ? brit, to which point these vessels clear, ancJiorfor a Let the friends of freedom and humanity redoublejfaar hours, and then leave, there is none to be had,as their efforts; let them demand that the Govern-Dec. 28 1859. \" CITIZENS OF THE RKPUHMC: I thank you for the and damage hia opponents. How far its moderationnear St. Paul de Loanda, in charge of the 1st Lieute-toournaval officers,andthefacilitywith which downtheAmericanflagandthrew thepapers over- thesuccessofLiberiais'aproblemyettobesolvedV" premacyofsuchdoctrines»hehighestsecurityforthe*vessels are cleared in the United States, even if captured, that, on the part of the United States, it has been almost virtually inoperative to the sup- pression of the trade, beyond the more presence of two or three ships occasionally at a few points along the coast.board, denying her [nationalityconsequently, he captured her.prize crew, however, stated to our boat's crew> that theCaptaindidnothaul down his flag, butstuckto his colors, until the English crew, or the boarding offi- cer himeelf, hauled them down. I f this b e true, the English officers here not only violated their positive orders in connection with the treaty, but captured ahand over to American cruisers, a n d y e t when they happen to have slaves on board, they keep them, and fill their own pockets witlf the prize money. This money is, however, a secondary consideration, in con- nection with this vitally important subjeet.and remove unfounded prejudice from the public mind, this sbip, although in better condition than when cap- ciicumstances compelled to withdraw from the post rather than to stimulate the zeal or arouse the enthu-Thingshave goneoninthiswayforyears.The trade has increased beyond measure; our flag lawful American prize, which they have not deliveredfour years so creditably and honorably filled the office of Judge in said Court, was to take effect. At 3 o'clock, p.m.,theCourt wasopened, andhisHonor pro- nounced sentence on the different criminals; immedi-tics will desire to read the whole of it for himself. I n manner and matter it is a highly characteristic speech— notremarkablyoriginal,seldomeloquentorbniliamV-— and yet distinguished for its insight, its abilby, itahas been subject to continual annoyance and sur-veillance fromhave not beentheir obligations, to hoard and examine American ships, t o take their own prizes, and to keep in check the overbearing spirit of. English officers. Conse- quently, everything is in confusion; there are no united, harmonious, cooperative efforts made to sup- • prees the trade; a n d our national reputation h a s suf- fered lamentably in the eyes of England.ately after the sentencing, his Honor addressed the manlinesfl, its comprehensive and statesmanlike views, Grand Jury, thanking them for their faithful attend- and a certain noble impassiveness, which shows thatBritish near t ocruisers, attend tobecause o u r their duty, t oships fulfillHis Honor then addressed himself to the gentlemenof the Bar, and the officers and tenders of the Courtgenerally, informing them that the time had arrivedwhen be should dissolve the connection he had soagreeably sustained toward them, recounting the variedscenes through which they had passed during his in-cumbency,andthankingthemfortheinvariableproofs troversy,andaimsmainlyatdissipatingthefalseim-previous to being filled with oil are whitewashed in- and yetToothingbe done to stop it, to protect that flag races, the Southern States of the American Union. Inside and outside. •in its proper and legal relations, to maintain for it that This being the case, and tho mode6 of disguising the j ihigh^aracter we claim, to render null the charge ofkilling Brown tlwy have committed a crime which will take a place among the calamities of history. The rupture of the Union will fatally follow the assas- sination of Brown.Rather unexpectedly thi« morning, about 3£ o'clock.,the ice in the river ra front of the city commencedmoving, and passed down, doing but little if any dam- nous and easy of attainment, the only way to c^rry and hardly even that?" What an event! What a disaster!B*w Experiment, Williams, Havana 9 day*, Sugar to Charles age to property on this side. On the opposite shore out the full intent and spirit of the treaty, and really to We have eeen, by extracts from late papers, that " I am afflicted at heart iu thinking of this crime and evening, to the readers of Tlie Courier.aasaar. fee, t o Pavenstadt fe C o . ,fcrlgGTHcian (Br., of Jersey), Letrraw, Pernambuco 35 day«, eral days to repair it. Soon after the ice commenced « on the Western Coast of Africa, under American col- nies of a dying bull, in his warm gore in the arena at " Black and white, all brothers, all equal, let usa martyr.moving, the water began to rise rapidly, and in a ors, carrying water casks over a certain number, say a bullfight, engaging in such work. But tlie mere rally more and more around that principle of *ll prin-aoaarto GilleBpie, Dean & Co. • "^ d r Brother* (Br.), McRae, Tnrk'a Island 12 day*, »aR toaitrnT fee/to C *• E Peter* _ „ , „ v , „ the river to rise very rapidly during the morning, and salt fish beyond a certain fixed quantity, spoons, gal- Sehr. Lady Suffolk (of Denni.), Crowoll, Trulllo I-eb. 17,houi-Kai» filled with negroes, whs are carried off' to •stance of it came under o u r We will refer to it directly.immediateIs not snch a demoniacal traffic to be suppressed at S ^ t e f She was cleared for and had cargoShe was ten miles to wind- further suspicious change until afibinst one of the negroes, and a disposition was maiu- of small but efficient and swift steamers, in command night, when nhe made all sail. She WUHcaught abouthad been brutally murdered by one ormoreof- his own erment should employ on the slave coaBt a large force nr-L-roes. T h e most positive'evidence was-obtainedward. She made n oman shall own, keep, or harbor a dog of any descrip- which their opponents have, brought against them. tionoversixmonthsold,oxceptbyalicensefromthe Alargoportion—dieclosingpart—ofhisspeechtode-Bgsinei/w-=v*^;_ ©^^ >n| w,ththeviewofob- ofthemostefficientofficersthatcanbefoundinthe tested to hang him at oncej but,to she reduced her She was hailed;town clerk, to be taken out annually, before the 1st ofMay. T h e license is to cost 50 CQIUBU head. Eachvoted to a declaration of the unshaken belief of Mr. Stward in the perpetuity of the Union, and a most ©I**-, quent exposition of the reasons for this faith. 'Tfce calm dignity, the quiet strength, the exalted principle,i l ^ n S ^ ^ ^ S ^ Carolina, and a! stressed. nvessel has fallen in twice with the Orion, the hist time ,, '• '--, w.. </, n^u-i wi.i^u. .Poillt, wn>without a collar may be killed by anybody, and it isequaled, and never excelled b y Mr. Seward., 5PwWf> could bo no more fitting rebuke to his violent ewftii^;; both in the North and the South. It contains np^oWgo, near.Black Point, whe.ro the brother of the Hon. L. M. Keitt, the brilliant ' ^ ^ Thiri squadron would be highly useful, not only in Emily was taken, aud instead of being south as sheiReweeentative), of that State, who -ha« ao nobJ-f w*-- ^ ^ ^ b n t -m ^ ^ ^ ^ y n o t ieBB important; that. < J „ , . -tothedulyofsearchingAmericanves-Untitled Documentsaid, here she was, north. When vieited tfA§,<i anchors cleared: her slave-deck had evidently been par^ ^0,^^^ttUrn,^oet1oe€^f^t righting. ing. Tteee,f0^j^^5y^fThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rji m uieiuj.no A . « , tied for the rights of the South in the halls oi LOUfive dollars. ished ideas; and yet it is so courteous, and kindly, manlyinitstone,thatnotevenhismostprejudhrJ : gress. ThedeceasedmovedSthis:Stateaboutsix«>f»lending!8a 8<>odlaw,butwantsdiaciixninatioii.Ab«0>r «aj,findisitcauseofcomplaint.:d huniwif with her m - ; ^ vPAru aao and had so identified —- " "•SSi«%renderbjfldeatha'publiocalamity.".h«*;-<rof such women as we have seen enjoying the last ago-lhia ship saw her coming into the Congo River on herFrom The Providence Journal,tie traces with a master hand the bearings of s t osails, foresail, jindjib.rt north of the Cono n being questioned; Some of the English¥TOWL TheLiberia. Herald, Jan.4. RESIGNATION OF JUDGE MOORE.—Thursday, the 15th of December, terminating, as it did the last session of the Court of Quarter Sessions and Common Pleas, forthis (Monteerrado) county, was . the day on which thoresignation of the Hon. Jacob M. Moore, who has for which needs none; for every reader interested in poli-up. Here they are detaining vessels o n t h e coast, to • ance during the session.the author is as superior to his opponents in his moral nature as he is in his intellectual.address of President Benson, which was delivered onThe brig Travernier had nearly eix hundred slaveson board of her when captured. Most of them werechildren from eight to sixteen years old, with somewomen, all naked. When visited by the officers of his Honor; the rcgTet that he was .by uncontrollable statesmanlike, and indicates a desire to allay agitationshould have been, they would have been freed a t Mon- rovia, their hearts gladdened, and made happy at the sight of their deliverers, as we saw in the case of some of those from the Echo.As an illustration of the address of some of these slavers, we may state that a slave captain in Loanda saidto usthat he would wager to inform the captain of a man-of-war that, within a certain fixed time, h elege referring to the amendatory act to the " act incor-of fidelity and the cordial his entire incumbency.pressions which misunderstanding o n t h e o n e hand, and misrepresentation on the other, have created in re- gard to it. Its tone i* eminently dispassionate andsupportResolutions formally expressing the high respect for" Trustees of Donations," and Tustees of Liberia Col-he witnessed >duringthe support of the majesty of the laws, in the retire- the most pertinacious of Mr. Seward's opponents will find nothing in his speech to strengthen their convic-ment to which he goes, offered by the Hon. Aaron tion that there is any unconstitutional ultraism in hi«by the unanimous vote of the members of the B a r .never again to look on such a scene. N ow these ne- . Among the crowded attendance were the members of Indeed, without a syllable in the way of direct expla-nation, the whole tenor of the speech ia in direct con- tradiction to the sentiments which have been imputed! to him on the strength of- declarations which h e h a * hitherto made.From Tlie Penntylvania Enquirer.The speech of Senator William H. Seward in the porating Liberia College," passed by the Legislature Federal Senate is one, of those historical, paseionless,VICTOR HUGO.the duty of certain officers to kill him; and any doghad her that worries sheep is. to bo killed and his owner fined or syllable that hints at an abandonment of his cher^From The N. Y. Commercial AdvertUer.Senator from New*York must be acknowledged a« it*perpetuity and welfare of that glorious Union which ia the common inheritance of North and Soutn and East and West. •From The N. Y. Evening Pott. •It is a speech that admite of no condensation, and.From The JV. Y. Time*.Mr. Seward is unque3tonably the most prominentand influential public man of the day. His speech is a philosophical exposition of the real nature of that con-the distinguished Senator's orations. But it is maseve, www.fultonhistory.comm^wuwm-tmmmmammmmmBam•y 