 ih >* bat'some »efcii boardfixture.>rnia, theeev st theicatea the rf tb# that•ICTJfc-'onrt, >» ar»*eap- Uha.[a'tner and ../AWthfc Th» fanlt•rvM it.»pe.t«a*'MOW- »WeT tOr Mild b*>31 Ml^r^by imaing; - • * • • ; *©£j.^erof ttoth-»ro who,Ifur;— >!•.••<• a «lyuoV. t-ictorcon- ** of 11 helpjTto a snt? of willheldW45 mO«fc ia»xer icr w aI , Mr.»ocaas,>XO-ltoby 104 by |er the ronoa&a rail it the.in tse latan, ts foeievra?>- ser- ofit*b*. fc rank pr* be-Vioe-?r* of5ne to tie has U dayi *3y forhave amri- » COO-*«ted ;b<;au •a", t o ^ t Usea ai>T.-n-an- v*.iaN,•witi•>.were u» e<i a tjiigr« of At'rtae•lLidi H ar:-e,J/64 **-d,E»g , 789,yof ard,. n'n-e*rst sap- li*-h to )i ?h toe >rm 3 in. lit*%ei «i'>y teat 6 ofthel i e iO—"" boat ree» •re,V:a» intohie, icet rus,too- /•' ortr- • fte;rt-iethefcre ;u<*stoe,JW+~wri-AUl~r^,VCNO GRAND RECEPTION-—NO FURTHER VISITS.X2L on thia-hehalf, says thatthesaid United-States oughtTHE " SERVANT " NUISANCE.To the Editor of Th4 N. Y. Tribune _ . •*£ . 8m:Thearticleeonthesubjectof"Help yTM5* have appeared rec«>U7 ia your TW* h»y« ^ J ^ " * £ * &&&, *ni h»Y„ .trak-med mnch thought The < * ^ * * * * » " cr*fc«tDguid<at6rtIoD«t«denMaot of mrrtitt* {or higher *$&*..S-. '"1«aturaled with water; in fact, every tiling is as wet as itcouldwell be." The Glympse is about one year old, and was con-went back to the Powhatan yesterday, and the ciroum- btancewas «mindicationthatthere willbeverylittle seen of the Embaesy In is city.-J. Booaevelt, who for the said United Statee prosecuteealli^pon all ladies who live upon the sixth floor to testifytotheirgallantryandusefulness, whichmaybe.'BH*.To the affidavit was appended a draft of a writ of h&bea& corpus.direction oi Mr. John Cooke, and all the appointments,,drecses, trappings, etc., have been the special'care,ofE n -\-1 M•-•'••'. •To the Hon. The Circuit Court of the United State* for the SotttJi- vated to the capacity of professional equestrians by by means of a false token. The complainants allege•1Tke Olympia Pumeer says:" The bark Glympse, Caot. A. B. Grove, went of our Board of Supervisors, and others went up forsbowoth to this (.ourt, that he in now" ati(l i'ox many d'tya pt»i>thas bean without law or light, conihied and hold^n iua buprioou-njenthy I«aiah ItytiderH.U. S. Murshulfor tho Southern Districtof New-York, wliMreupon he praya this Hon. Court 'oisaue their tban any of the other companies have ever attempted. writ cf habeas eorpii'»,.tO bring him, with the cauae of hU im-i1' 1*They, therefore, charge him with having willfully de-llsh Medallion, V elvet Brussels, Three-ply, and Iruralu Carpeu. Rugs, Stair Carpeting, Mots, Matting, Floor Ollclotbs, Dnws-ts,i N K•mmB BsH--,M $S£91'was here to plead.Mr. Graves said they were not concluded-by-the in-dictment. They wanted to rahie the question of juris- diction as the prisoner was arrested in Borne other dis- trict.Judge Hall said if there was no dispute about the facts, there might be a division of opinion between the JudgeB, and the ca«e finally curried \to the Supreme Court of tho United States.watch, after which he fled. The screams of Mrs.Glenville brought Officer Mount to the spot, who metthe robber as be was making oft", and at once arrested[ Advertisement 1Thousands of young men have been saved fromruin, aud other thousands directed in the Use of their talents to% •m\ fiwatch over goods under ancb circarostances, and nosh- ing but a file of sentries coild prevent the robberies.Park, and Stockton *>t., and shown the city from differ-Circuit of the Un'ted States of America, and on the'the'Chief of Police of Charleston, S. C , was receivedby Acting-General Superintendent Carpenter, on Sun-[Advertisement]ADRIAN IL MULLER'S SALE,OF 158 LOTS.—AtIVdent. Capts. Leonard, Dilks, Sqtdres, others want to be made Inspectors.Porter, andV.siNE^-YORK DAILY, TRIBUNE, vYJEDNESDAY, APRIL 18. 1860.••JE'Ii"signed td"Sani. Price'','&.t!k>;'w'^e'wa8'inoTffedfofr-only;-55K3Jjewillfindtoxoexneaneofgeidngforward. Allthe totalvalueofthegoodsaboardis$28,44881,aportion whichclosesthisafternoon,willbetheonlyoneof dictment,becauseheeaiththatthesaidAlbertW. coaldealerhassetthese,prosecutionsonfootagainstSvCunningham was standing on the wharf, not far dU- twnt from the muzzle of tbe Powhattan's gun, aud at its discharge was thrown down and considerably in- juied. AT. first it was supposed that the injuries were fatal,-butit waa subsequently ascertained tbatj they were not very serious, and at last accounis he was do- ing well.Tne vessels then proceeded on their way, and reached here abuut 1 o'clock, when the Embassadors and dignitaries were taken in carriages, prepared by tie Comm.ttee of Arrangements of the Boaid of Su- pervisors, and had a drive through the principal streetsty. Put up In quart and pint bottles, and sold by all DruEirtsfs.with a heavy club. He had scarcely fallen when a Grocers, Fruit Stores »u.d Coan'ry Merchants. Look out foxcounterfeits and imitations ; the whole country is Hooded with thief pounced upon him and robbed him of his gold them.y1? ^9'-.-••;jjproceedings was settled, it waa arranged that to-day ment was drawn in the words of the statute.1H ;;J . ,*; i :-:.:.Jcbe«>taarehalf-fulloftea;case«ofbootsareperfectly Island. Mostoftheattendants,23innumber,wereMr.Huntsaidtheywouldputinareplicationtotheplea, denying the facts set forth.The replication setforthisasfollows:tlemanwassoonfoundandtakenintocustody. He denies tbe theft, and says he is a traveling eardwxltejr. HeisatpresentdetainedatHeado^n&rlexi*YOUNG MEN WISHING TO ENGAGE TN BUSINESS,AWD AlfXiOTTH TO SaaRCT A PtriwPnr m whtoh they ©an best so©- oo«d.willfindgroataidfromaoorrootPhenologtoal Examssw Uw, WYOU daily at POKUtK it W&LU's, No. M8 awodwajw9vAndJame3-the purpoee of offering the hospitalities of the City of2)ated at Aeto- York, April 17, 1360. ulua W . Johnson Clerk of the Court, Mr. StUwell, &c.$ 1perpackage.Housekeepers' [Advertisement]will find every description of'"•LATER FROM THE NORTH.By the arrival of the steamer Brother Jonathan, April 3, we have dates from Portland to the 26ta .ult., from Olympia to the 2ihh, from Victoria to tht»30ih,.and from Crescent City to 1 st inst.:LOSS OF T i l l BARK GLY3IPSX.•>.presented they were informed that Jackson had notmore tban $10 standing to his credit in the hank, andthat he had never deposited more than $100 at a time.,*:•y~:of Henry Karples, jr., indicted for embezzling twenty barrelu of Mr. Benj&nin Miller was killed by Elijah Lee, on obtained poBseasson of several thousand dollars' worth kind of manipulation apter scholars could not possibly 11our froup Hecker Bros., on, the 28th of June, 1859. The Juryi!."""»MHI»•f^»»».wm:AssSr'*sebaxtcee, whether by horseback or stage,- are engaged of which (and poeeibly the majority) will be saved. the .Embassy to San Francisco. The Embassadors Hicks, otherwise called William Johnson, was not firstcalled into exercise at any time by nothing more than, « e d . I>et no man flatter hiroeelf tbat» ooming he», ^16,000—her real value we could not asoertab. The s •• It is an nuderstood matter, indeed, that this visit, not to J»e barred from further prosecuting the said in- a wink on their part. They say that a large wholesalely accnnQnlatbg, nnt33ithas iaow reached^Ve^Tuih-'week at least to come. l» the matter of ire«gbt it is equally as bad—twenty dollars a hundred from here to Carson C i ^ i a v m g failed t> b*h*g a sufficient nbrobersroaa ia in an almost impai»sabre. eonditton, *nd_ not a lots of less than $1,000.tbe shall proceed at once from' Mare Island, without Providence, and not in this district in which he was owners of cattle lived upon hope until the market was 1 tho waate and «lop water had U) be carried to the atroet, all tb« v v;:A man. known-as "Big Hank" was killed on the *i!7th ult. at Tehama, by David Jordan.ship both himeclf and them to Port Towneend. TheSersons who arrested him are Mr. C. Millard, Mr.defense had the opening of the case. whether any other appointments will be made or va-it is reported that James Beeler and John B. White,INDICTMENT AGAINST AN EX-INSPECTOR- OF S1DEWAKL5.The Grand. Jury brought in two indictments against cancies filled yet awhile. The members of the Com- come and employ them, and the kisolent questions they ask, and'dark.It.L.D'AuEQaHe,aFrenchman,formerly aresidenton, they are never done aekipg questions. At the In- Mcxx TAX.—Gov. Donglas has given official notice ternational they were Very-carious to understand therelations between Mr. Haley.and"his* employees; whatsort of'government..was established there; how Mr.Haley could have everything,attended to so well, andbow he could exercise so complete a control, unless heMINES ON FRASER RIVER,—Mr. Ballon estimates was a sort of prince or maBter. And it is almost, un- confirmed, and divorce granted. .{-of San Francisco, and well known here, was recently ' murdered in Sonora. He was a man of fine education, -and a good writer in both English and French, bat he had attempted to make money by prohibited means, andthat the " mule tax" will not be enforced, but that some other method will be adopted to collect a revenue.•SUPREME COURT—CHAMBEKS—APRIL 17.--Before Justicethat there are about 3,000 white miners and 2,000 Chi- he ierved a term in oar county jail. While incarcerated namen up the river. The Chinese are doing remarka-necessary to add, they were surprised at much which they learned in regard to the American people; and strange will be the accounts which they will carry' home of the great nation which has no Princes'and nobe wrote several short poen>B of mncb merit; and so touching, that msst who read them were effected to <tears. He was a correspondent of Tke B'Melin at the..'time of his death.W e have news from Victoria to tbe 30th ult. Thebly we"U, having the best diggings on the river.A white man was killed *by an Indian at Langley. The murderer had been arrested and conveyed toNew-WestmiDBter.Nev*e from Fort Alexander states that gold had beendiscovered in the gulches and ravines in the neighbor- hood of Quesnelle River.Emperor.[San Fran. Times, April 2.-bark Gljmpse was wrecked at the mouth of that har-bor on the night of the 16th ult., and proved a tosal below the Forks, which, from the, prospect first eb-apparatus in working order.THE CABINET-MAKERS AND THE CORDWAINERS,—On Monday night three or four hundred cabinetdl*tr*s». The police found a number of boariling-hause runnera on board, who were endeavoring to run off the sailofs. The. swindling scoundrels were driven ofi and an oflioer left on board to render the captain any required assistance....Patrick Boyl«» was on Monday locked up by Justice Connolly, charged with having stolen #50 worth of fighting- bull don. The dog has won money dt 'Arry Jennlng's dog pit. and bis owner, John Griffin, wss not willing to lose him....Thomas Cronui aged 16,Joes.From the Sandwich Islands, by the Powhatan, weiiave dates to the 17th ult. The correspondent of Tke Alt a writes thus about the conduct of the Japanese, while in the capital of Kanakadoon:taihed, was expected to yield $200 per day to the hand; but, at latest accounts, a party of men were working there, and making $40 daily per man.Other bars were yielding well at Prince Albert's Flat; from $10 to $14 per day was taken out.makers, and a few piano-makers, assembled in thelarge hall of the Harmony Garden, in Essex street, to wait arrested on Monday nitht on snuplcion of burglary H«»Theiirerwas very low, and favorable for mining " They came asbore and took up their quarters at operations. A large number of pack trains were wait-express their sympathy with the strikers of Lynn, Mr.Muhlmeister, the President, in the chair. P . Gelman, terday by Officer Mead, charged with having stolen ifcfil in ovk.'Victor's,' or the French Hotel, and were viaited by most of the foreign residents. The Japanese were quick in returning their visits, and ' circulated* about town, dropping in very unceremoniously upon mi*ny of our families, whom "they amused by tbe exhibition of their unquenchable cariosity. Some very ludicrous incident* are narrated which took place at some of those times." After remaining on shore a few days, they re- turned on board the Powhatan, it having been duly considered by the principal Embassadors in conclaveassembled, that, as the Sandwich Islands were not in-cluded in their instructions, it was best to adopt thising at Yale and LyTton to proceed up country. Trade was good, and everybody looked forward to brisk times. •The Assizes were being held at Hope. There have been meetings held at Hope and other places on theriver in favor of represent-ttive institutions.Tbe Beaver arrived at Victoria on the 28th ult., with$6,000 in dust.More than 700 miners had passed the Fountain, onthe first degree, in entering the house of John Rose, No. 160 Mott street, on the nighr. of the 7th of MaTch, through tho frontand Mr. Simon, Secretary of this Association, madeworked together in a shoo sb«p In Atlautic street, Brooklyn, when the acensed took the. articles, whioh he brought to this city and disposed of. Speight confessed his crinae, and' w s * committed to answer by" Justice Breooan. John achenkel, of No 209 William street also accused the prisoner of havlDg stolon a quantity of boots and whoef from him. Speight will Dorequired to answer both charges.. ,ACCIDENTS AND INQUKSTS.—John Lyons was yes- terday admitted to the N«w-York Hospital. »ufferlng from a compound fracture of the skulL There is little hope of his re- covery. While working at Pier No. 44, North River, he vm» struck on the hoad by a heavy block of wood, causing the wounds mentioned Coror.er Jackuiin held an inquest, yester- day, on the body of Agnes Remsea. who died iu conxe'iuenoe of falling down a lli^ht of stairs at No. 126 Cannon street. Thocourse, to avoid all chance of accidents occurring. mines, several hundred of whom are from the Willa-To this, the First Embassador replied, his words'being translated into Dutch, and then into Engliah, as jegardsd as belonging to the city. The City Council,UNITED ST A TES CIRCUIT COURT—ATEIL 17—BeforeSurjtuioR COURT—Part I.—Nos. 241, 242, 327, port his extravagance, it appeared that he supplied the ight in seeing the WHAT IS IT, and other curiosllli-s, and admlr- 343. 345, 3*5,141,131,357, 365, 303,387, 389, 391, 382. 3?. 313. 33, ng the chaste entertainments. Tho am ruting drama of JKAITIXfollows:" * 1 am greatly obliged for the friendly reception with which yoxa Majesty ba» honored an; and 1 beg 10 exprea* coy thank* TOTthe tronble yoo bare been plraaed to take on our beoalf, and •hail aot forget tbe kinds*** with which we have b^en receivedsomeyearsago,provided that the Street Supervisorshould remove anything placed upon it. On TuesdayDight an ordinance was passed, and approved by theMayor, providing for serving a notice upon any partyJndgo HALL.THE OYSTER SLOOP TRAGEDY—ARRAIGNMENT 352;341.289. PartIL—Nos.388,356,342,414,420,426,290,423, deficiencybydrawinguponhis employerwithout au- DitAjfa is repeated this afternoon. The famous WiLtowerecting buildings thereon, and, within twenty-four ia thU city, not oniy by yoaz Majeaty, bnt by the. inhabitants of hours after such notice, removing such building. OnJOHN . MORRISSEY IN ENGLAND.—This pugilisticgives a most glowing account of his reception in En- previously was engaged BJIpractical workman on nrst-oUs* work.jour Capital-'Wednesday morning Mr. Vaughan commenced a build- ing on the levee. Twelve or more carpenters wrought upon it, and it was completed' bv night. The notice< i'y, both n* a ruanafocturer aud dealer, aud for a long period This experience, acquired by a faithful desire to do full and" The First Embassador was accompanied, daringthe ceremony, by the Hon. J. W . Borden, the United8tate« Commissioner, and the Second Embassador by was served upon Mr. Vaugh on Wednesday morning, Flag Officer Tatnall.This morning Hicks was brought into Court. His Spring vegetation is under line headway, and unlesagland by Tom Sayerg and other pugilists of renown. fcmple justice to his customers, enables him confidently to urg* Mr. Morrissey is ftrong in the faith that the Benicia' his claim» to their continued support He is now and hit* always been the sole proprietor aud manager of his present es- tablUhment, No. U13 Broadwav, where hw purposes to remain,"Our indefatigable Minister of Foreign Relations, B,C. WyDie, Esq., was not going to let no fine a chancesup to get up a treaty, and consequently addressed adiplomatic dispatch to toe Embassadors, informingthem ' that he was empoweTedto negotiavo with theirExcellencies a eolemn treaty of perpetaii friendship, the property. They immediately proceeded to the commerce, and navigation, precisely similar to thatwhich it has pleased his Majesty, the Emperor of Ja-pan, to grant to the Unitea 6taies'—at tbe same timeoffering 10 forward their dispatches through the Ha-waiian Charge d'Affaires in tNnton to Japan.they severally answered the calkand Sayles appeared as his counsel-velt, Messrs. D wight, Hunt and McLane appeared for the United States.and where nt all times he will be prepared to supply all wb->- coll upon Mm with " fe«t cov«riog" oi tne very best l««cdption. A recent reduction in the price of Ladles' Goiter BooU of tb« finett quality of material and make, is of particular interest to his lady customers..Two rule» control bira In the management of his business^'Thejlrttir, never- to *ell an inferior article. The woondi*. to charge for -it the Unorit pomble price. The advantages of tbt» system, which has always been strictly and honorably carried out, are of mutual benefit to the buyer and h'un«olf, and with. the assurance that prompt and civil attention, fair treatment, and a large and varied stock of noots and shoes, fur iadi^., u«n- tlcmen, and children, await all who call upon him, ho b«ga p^r- mis:-ion to reltcratt the information that CANTUKI.L'3 U at i&o. 813 Broadway, between 11th aud 12th sts.•'I Advertisement]Ii No.410Broadway,N. Y. f Advertisement. ]DR. SWEET'S INFALLIBLE LINTMEHTHas been us*d by more than a million people. Dtt. bWJlKT's IxxK.vl.LIBLK LlMMKXTIs for sale by all Druggists. Price 25 cents. [Advertisement]NORTON'S OINTMENT.FORSAL TKHKCX AUD SCKOFTJLA,Permanently cures Tetter, Scaldbead, Ringworms, end all Itofc*ing and Burning rruptions of tho dkln.This uiJTOlKUT peDotrutes to the bt«ts of the disease, *oes bsits very source, and cures It from the flesh boneaih to the skin os* the suifac*. Larjje glass boxes, price 50 c*nts.PUGET SOUND UNIVERSITY .—The Trustees"The following copy of tho English translation of the Puget Sound University have elected the Rev. B. C.plication for a writ of habeaB Corpus, and thereby terest transpired. The session adjourned at 3 o'clockreply, in Japanese, oi'the Ambassadors, is printed pre- cisely in tbe form presented by their Excellencies:" '.To Hit KxrelUncy. JL C. W YLtlx, Min.i»ttr of Forcitjn Affair*of SandvuJi lUaiida, ire., .', c. :M 'We have received and wt-11 underntoodyour letter, dated 13thMarch of your country, Fur the mhtual advantage of your and my countries desiring to conclude the same Treaty of Amity us th« United States, yoa are appointed to negotiate with na, butLippincoU, President and General Agent.INDIAN VENGEANCE.—Tbe two Indians, Wash andTotumpuB, who had been arrested and handed over tothe oflicere of justice for trial, were, on Tuesday la»t.arraigned for the offense with which they stoodcharged, hut both were discharged from custody at araise a question of jurisdiction, which they were sat- isfied this Court did not possess. W e think this is the easiest way to.try the question of guilt, and if it is decided against us, no harm can happen to the prose- cution.The Judge asked if there was any dispute about the facte. .to meet at 9 o'clock this morning, when Commissioners to the General AsEembly will be selected." The vessel lies in aboat the name position as onSaturday. It is now though: That she will not prove atotal Toes, but that as soon as the cargo is all di-jcharred fired by tht> ship Independence and the Active; andTbe greater portion of the consignees are not insured, have declined anything like a publio display, for the found, or -apprehended in the City of Providence and we are M>rry to say. * . reason that they think it might not comport with the State of Rhode Island; as is alleged in said plea, or inthem, because they unanimously refused to deal withfor several daya In advance. It is only thoae navihg their own animah., or other modes of conveyance, that. have any oertainty of getwng ontof the place _ for- aBut this, perhape. is not to be wondered at, wnce the Wolf, $l,3<»3; R. Cohn, $1,475. The balance was in ranged that when the Powhatan is again ready for sea, the prisoner, that he was arrested in the city of cattle brokers. The drovers and some speculating j rinfch)Kcloih«atbadtobebToi;i?htfrOmtbepump by th» pail-f'iH,ules David, and Mr. Pickett, jr. ([Victoria Gaz. .SAN JUAN.—The English Home Government have good humor, which is indicated by their universallyfrom morn till night with servant girls waiting for soms one to Alexander Ward, late Inspector of -Sidewalks. One indictment mission were besieged yesterday by applicants for the the scornful toss of the head with which thoy refuse lossthan s>gcharged him with a felony, in receiving a bribe while holding a offices of Geneial Superintendent, Inspector, Captain, or $10, is really amusing. SELF-DBNIAX. public office. The other indictment charges him with a, misde- New- York, April 17,1860.meanor for the same cause. Ward was held to ball on the felony and Sergeant. Daniel Carpenter and Capt. Hartc are oindictment in the flum of £2,000, and on the misdemeanor in- the most prominent candidates for General Superinten- NEW-YORK OYSTERMKN KIXJCED.—A shooting affray dictment in the Hum of $1,000. Mr. Forbes Holland becomeand, some fix milea from the American quarters.their way up.bours. For several y«J&rs past the conviction has besnforcing itself on the minds of most of our nautical am-ateurs and connoisseurs, that, as the days of extremeclippers was passing away, the time of the world-re-nowned clipper-ship Flying Cloud would never bebeateo. We must say our mind was made up to thispoint, and now that her best time has been beaten, weconfess our surprise and astonishment. The Andrew .Jackson is not an extreme clipper, having been builtry worth $6050. He was eentuueed to tne State Prison for four y6Aia. '"-James Murray pleaded gnlliy of picking the pocket of JosepTi R. Value in John street, th* pur3e Containing two receipts lor iustallmentc upon the Brooklyn Academy of Mutic Murray was detected in the larceny, ana on bemg searched by a policeman threw thejmrse in a hallway in Liberty street. He was Bent to Jhe State Prison for two years.Matthew Collins, jointly iudioted with Patrick Riley for high- way robbery, committed upon Lambert Eick, on the night of tbe 13th of Ma»eh, was tried and convicted. Mr. Eick aaji s he W M returning to hi» hotel, about two o'clock in the morning, andthousand epeeches on the same subject during the pres- ent agitation among laboring men and mechanics. Great attention was paid, however, to the remarks of the speakers, and the Cabinefc-Makers are evidently de- termined to do all they can to compel employers to re- spect their rights. They have now obtained, in nearly every case, the increase of 10 to 15 per cent demandedBRITISH COLUMBIA.Francis R. Cruseell agt. Mary A. CrusBell.—ReportPATENT FIRE-ALARM BELL KINGER.—Mr. Gaynill,the inventor of a patent telegraphic apparatus, by meansof which fire alarms can be very suddenly communi-cated throughout She district or city, yeBterday beganarranging his wires in Tammany Hall for the purposeof exhibiting to the public the manner in which a bellRichdiggingshadbeenstruckataplaceeightmilesFOR T H ESEVTILKAIVIEEN.Tke Dalles Mountaineer says, that no less than one thousand men are now on the route to the Simikameenwith a view for carrying as well as sailing, but she has finding it locked up, knocked and hammered &t tbe door- Collins by them, but the three weeks suspension which wasTheyalsodeclinedtoattendanyofthepartiesgivenmetteValley.Ourtownisnowcrowdedwithstran-onpreviousoccasionsdoneherselfcredit,havingmadeandItileycomeupanddemandedwhyhewascreatingsuchafoUndnecessarytoprocurethisend,hasdepletedtheirJuryrenderedaverdictof"accidentaldeath."Deceasedwwto the officers of the Powhatan by the American Com- missioner and residents, for the same reason." On the 0th, with all the ceremonies it was possible to observr, the Embassadors were presented to his Majesty Kamehameha IV., at the Palace, who ad- dressed them in substance as follows:" ' l foci conch pl«a*od to welcosw 70a to my kbigdom, and it mfforda BUSgreat pleasure that circuajHtaocea ba-re facvorud me, tbroogh tho kind permission of the Uni.«-<i btat«» Commiisio&er and tae gentiomen in who»« cn&rge TOOa£ present are, to receive jon u iLmbasaadoi a of tho great Emperor of Japan, while on yout ••7\j to the friendly Oo7«mment of the United States of America, &nation to which zrrr people are *o much indebted. I •hall feel mnch gratified if ynr vi»ii to these i«lunda i* agreeable to yon; and hope^hat when 70a retnrn to Japan, 70a will ex pre** to your •orereign the friendly meeting -which 1 have hid the honor of barring 'with you. and the nigh eoteem 1 enlexc&in JOT hi* Majesty and Ida people.' 'uthree voyagee—the first in 129 days, tbe second in 103 racket. H* replied that be wonted to got into the house. Col- lins thfix ieizoci mm by the clotblng,.}eri>.ed liimiuto the Htreet,a native of Ireland, 85 years of a»re On Waturdiylast, a man named Hennessly died sudden'y In a shinty, which he o<v?unl»d in E%hth avenue, near Eighty sixth street The Cw ouers we*«the Mayor, Marshal, and others, nroceeded to demolisn. the house. They were arrested by the Sheriff, after a flight resistance, and taken before the Recorder, upon the complaint of Vaughn, that they were destroying his property. They were discbargtd upon the «vaut of jurisdiction, because a question of title might arise as toappearance is somewhat changed since his incarcera- tion, his countenance betokening curiosity at the caii of thejurorB, and anxiety in scanning their faces asuntimely frc8te§nip^ur hopes in the bud, we may soon look for salad, peas, and asparagus from the market- gardens of Long Island and New-Jersey.mBoy will bo vanquished, and has, since his arrival in England, staked £600 that Heenan will lo3d the fight.THE BA TTLE POSTPONED.— Tlte N. Y. Clipper an- nounces that it has certain information to the effect that the fistic fight was postponed by mutual consent tillbuilding, and in a few minutes it was destroyed and re- moved.—[Portland Christian Advocate.Friday last to plead to tbe indictment, and time was given until this cay for him to put in his plea.Mr. Graves said that before the prisoner put in any plea to the indictment, they demand to make'an ap-York (Old School Presbvterian) commenced yesterday morning in the lecture-room of the Rev. Dr. Potts's Church, in University place, but nothing of public in-to-day (Wednesday, 18th).don, the betting was two to one on Sayera.EESIGNED.—Mr. Alexander C. Pearcy, Superin- tendent of the House of Eeceptionof the Juvenile Asy- lum, in Thirteenth street, has Kent in his resignation, to take effect on the 1st of May.. Sickness in his familyWASHINGTON.invitation to vh>it the city, replied that they would bopleaged to do eo the next .day. Tbe Active and Shu-brick were then prepared, and on Saturday morningthe Embassadors and suite' together with Commodore" put in a plea of some kind. Tatnall and other Unites States naval officers, and theprices. Be particular, and g-> to HIUAH AJODUKSOM, NO. 93 B«. w* ery, sign of the large Golden Eagle.at [Advertisement]DYSPEPSIA, DROPSY AND FEVER AND AGUE.A1.K0, you Gti.-tuKAi. DKHILJTX.WoLMt's SCWIKPASI AUOMATIC ScH.N.vri-* la recommendedmost emphatically by the most distinguished member* 0 f t h * medical profession In the above complaints, arvd Is tbe only G i «inviting paity, took passage on the two small steamers.Judge Hall said it may technically be unuacessary, th«t the party should be compelled to plead ai, the present time.As ihey aieamed away, aalute&of seventeen gums wereof thela 'A bour on the same day. KTuowing that their livesas yon -written, we are proper not commanaed to conclude tbe were not secure from the other Indians, the two cul cation before pleading or the finding of an indict- remains. The phrase was atiirata semi-scornful one,Treaty with your country and becauae the conclndingt he Tre.i-ty shall be the firm and, la«tfng foundation of the friendship be-tween both countriea. it Is now impossible to aoswer to it, with-out tht» offering to bia 31ajeaty tne Ty-coon afier our return atJapan, and therefore, alao we cun not send our dispatches tnrooghthe Consul General of jour country for Chlha, thu» we will an-swer thereinto after our rot-urn at Japao. For the answering into fore having succeeded in doing so they were fixdd uponyour letter w e express the above-men^oned. by the Reserved Indians, and Totumpaa, the older In- " 'With respect and consideraU4,n,the 25th day of second mmth dian, instantly killed. The younger one succeeded inment.Mr. Graves said he had never known a suit of ha-nfth* seveotb ye*r of Ansey.' 'SlSMl BOZZKJCO CAXI(L. S.) " 'MoOItAOAXl A W AGeXO CAltlmaking his etcape. We understand these Indians are father and son. Thus, while the law is merciful, do we find the poor Indian suffering retributive justice at the hands of his own brother. [Olympia Pioneer.MOVEMENTS OF THE JAPANESE EMBASSY.The Japanese Embassadors, ten of the inferior dig- nitaries and a number of attendants, about fifty in all, came down from Mare Island on Saturday afternoon, and became the guests of the City. "It will he recol- lected that on Thursday, when the steam frigate Pow- hatan jairived with tbe Embassy, she proceeded al- most immedia'ely to the Navy-Y ard, the Japanese all remaining on board. The next day, the IJ. S. eteaoa- ers Active, Capt. Olden, and Shubrick, Capt. Baggs, proceeded to the Yard, and President Tescnemaoher,beas corpua to \<<* refused.Judge Hall aaid if there was any question of law, it the Congo Operas/we have n6w a '"Horee" Opera inmight be presented to the Court as a statement o: the genmine earnest. Never till very lately, though—Mon- fwcts in controversy. The indictment contains prob- day, April 16,1860—was the happy eve that first setably allegations which give the Court jurisdiction, andthen it would be more appropriate to try the question- before the metropolitan people an opera with a genuineof facts. This might be pu; in issue and the question horse in it—mane, tail, legs, and rider, all alive—all:" '0<ioom Bc^ooJioCAxia>(L. 3.)(L. 8.)">therein go to J^JTuiy.Mr. Hunt said no affidavit had been served on theDistrict-Attorney^The Judge directed the counsel for the prisoner toread the petition and affidavit of the prisoner. Mr. Graves read the following:doing their appropriate parts in the piece, and all goingaloft at the proper moment, after the usual manner ofhorses with an unbridled disposition for aeronautics.-ashore on the night ol tne lGiti in*»t, ar, the entrance ofVictoria harbor. She l^sys comparatively easy on the San Francisco to tae Embassy, and inviting them to rocks. She had on board nearly 500 tuns of merchan- make ua a visit.dise, valued at $75,000, fall one half of which will be The Active and Shubrick ftrrived at Mars Island on loaV The extent of tbe damage to the ve-s«?fcl h'is not Friday afternoon, and the Embahsy, in ano ver to the been ascertained, but it is feared that she will pruve %•total lo»«r. T>:e severe thumping on the rocks which ehe experienced daring the bwt week, ma^fi have erushed every timber in her huiL"Tke British Coloni&t miys:and the weather moderates, she can be floated off and repaired.44 About 250 tuns of goods have been received up to 32 o'clock yeeterday, and stored in the warehouse of Messrs. Samnel Price 6c Co." On Friday night a quantity of cabin farr/t'are wua "taken from the vessel HJHI piled upon the be*ch. In the morning -not a vestige of it reaininecl; wreckers had been there daring the night and carried if. all off." W e hear great compi&int aboat town from parlies having goods on board^ that due vi^ilauce h>t« not been observed by those having charge of toe vea*el, in pre- serving their goods from" the depredatieos of thievej. Many cases 0/ good* are reported to nave been brokenprSconraent, before the said Court, to thn vud that wiiat p^rtaiua to juatice i&ay be doue. ALBERT W. HICKS, hta X mark.check would be paid on presentation.When it wasBroadway, and by all druggists.Olive Tor, 50 cents. Powders,prits kept thsmselves concealed here over the night of Tuesday, and early on Wednesday morning started for tne Kisqually Reserve, intending to place themselves under the protection of the Agents at that place. Be-but it has at last become useful, fit, and expressive, for, in. addition to the Italian, the German, the English, andJudge Roosevelt aaid that no fact waB stated in t^e affidavit of the prisoner except that he was " unlaw- fhrt discharge a sad accident occurred. Commodore fully held" and as to that the prisoner claimed to be the sole judge of tho law in tho faces. The Srand Jury on tneir oaths had convicted the prisoner and heCanal street on their way home, Mr. G. was suddenlyfelled to the pavement by a blow dealt from behind In thl» country which has the indorsement cf the medical fac-il-the Powhatan purposed firing a like salute, but on theMr. Graves here framed a Bpec'al plea, setting forth, under oath, that tbe prisoner "was not apprehended in again; after which tbe enapty canes have been deliv- ternational Hotel, where apartments were prepared; tbe District, but in the City of Providence, in the State ered to the consignee*. It is extremely difficult to but, the Emba'aadors weretak^n to Rinoon Hill, South of Rhode Island, within the jurisdiction of the Firstrno B m c j ' are »ow used •vtsry yowr hi the United States t«topen", the content* removed, and the covers nailed on of the city. Theattendants were sent direct to the In-Childr«n Teething, with aevor-failLag suoooss. Jte4U fa IKBSO-•jut ]».h.'« of view. The muddy and rainy weather pre-r The wind still continues to blo«?- heavily, which vented their alighting, aud they therefore remained in ment, of which he is not guilty. He therefore prays24th of March, I860, before the finding of this indict- causes the work of removing the cargo to arogreas but the carri^gea till.they sat down at the International, for judgment, and that he may be discharged.eince the divaster, and has done everything m his power toward saving the vessel and car^o."Tbe good* landed a* Price & Co.'s wharf are in avery bad condition. The flour sacks, in many lnstsncea,have been burst open, and lost their contents; tea- Teschemacbor, and in the afternoon return to Mare should proceed with great caution.day evening, requesting the arrest of a deaf and dumbman named O. F . Phelps. Phelps it accused of having parts of the niopetty on the 10th and Ktu-avs.. 153to, lVJth, andslowly. Capt. Gove haa been on dncy night aud d*y Hotel, where tbey were shown to their room*.be will not have the charges prosecuted, or, which is robbed a man of $415 in gold, and a gold watch, aad wish to preserve the present first-class oharooter of tho neighbor-lire District-Attorney said they were re;idy to goto trial, an'! they shoald contend that this was the Dis- held a kind of general recept-on, and the plan of future trict where the party was apprehended. The indict-the same, will keep on. adjourning the matter fromtime to time, until at last it will be let alone entirely.There is no law, they say, compelling them to take outlicenses, the ordinances making provision only for sight, he boarded her iu a police boat. Tne mute gen- "charcoalandcoke." Astobeinganuisance,theyhood for private residences, the owner has tustructed me' to «ell It, with the usual general olause against nuisances, in plots of four let*, with the privilege of more, exoeptlug tho lots fronting ©ss tho lOth-av., which, bolns wanted for buslaoos purposes, wlM b«Yesterday they were visited by various persons, andimmediately sailing for this city in the steamer Marion. Detective Elder was dispatched to Quarantine to await the arrival of the steamer, and on her appearing inat 12 o'clock tbey are to viait the house of President Judge Hall said, that as it waB a capital case, he•old singly.Ainu AN H. McnUSH, Auottouoer.NO 84 WaU-s*.. i. i • . ,.„,[ Ad vertisenwsnt ]him. .'•;" V.. V, .: >?v-':t-::i :• ' •;• :.-''reception here; and they therefore, refuse, out of circuit as in said plea alleged, and this the said James ' BULL'S HEAD.—There was not a jolly drover at . A few year. a*o, before tbe introduction of Croton wator, and taethe said district of Rhode Island, or within the firstJ. Roosevelt, prays may be inquired of by the ! general o»«ofg»», the work required of aervanUwa* much toormniuet present themselves first to the Court of the United ! varied and laborious tban at preeest. Every monrfn* there warn 4 •' *f anamals on the rotite to do a~ tttbeox the packing. $2,282, UDh-Hured; Langley Bros., $1,107, hasured; L. States Government. It has, on this, account, been ar- Mr.- Graves said that they cfaimed, on the part of weather, with gloomy forebodings on tbe part of the 1 oil ISJXJJWto bo cleaned and trimmed, an the water for cookinjj, an*.Tbe principal consignees of the unfortunate vessel ^dignity of our Government to receive them after aa: mistaken notion of etiquette, imagining that they country.,." "• ;:•'•;',;"/ '* '•':&J •••; • •• Bull's Head yesterday. The market opened in gloomymake tbla nubject on» ot awiou* importance to aU boa***op**«.indicted. .; "•;..- ;.;--'v . \ . • ' '. ';' fairly open, and the temper of the butchers tried, and j sleeping room* had to be aupplied with water daily, and «o th» Mr. Dwight Btated the.datesand circumstances of then hope fled, as it became evident that the market j whole routine of aerviee WMfar beyond that reqntred in our day. the prisoner's arrest, which he said was by two per- Now, nearly every houae ha* tbe gaa and water ttaroOgfeout, a* once reduced*to this state, areas good as lost, since oxdered all the gooes saved from the wreck to be STbe Japanese, during their stay at the International sons, one of whom was not even a police officer, aud would not prove equal to what it was a week ago. tb© wa*to wateT la carried off by pipes into tho newer, many theyh»ve, asageneral thing, to be abandoned by stored, and they refusetoallowtheowners to take otel, have exhibited a great many peculiaritieB^ thathehadcomevoluntarilytotheCityofNew-York, Therewere3,467headofbullocksinthesale-yarda,or bountahavestationaryww»H-tuU,*befatigo*o*fcookingkgreatly their owners.'' their goods, unless they pay 50 per cent of the invoice which may be interesting to many readers, and, we arriving here on Saturday, andTon the Monday follow- within bailing distance, and a fow more may be ex- alleviated by the modern kitchen range, and the tfonvenienoe* forJ.W. Walsh,editorofan obscureand libelouspa, cost, which thesegentlemenclaimassalvage." believe,have not'been told before. They have all ing he,wasarrestedbytheUnitedStatesMarshal,on doingtbeworkoftbehouaeboldare»ucbMtoaa^eaJgroatoutlay SALE OF THK HUXL.—"JPhe Kefiistcr, of the 28thult., shown themBelves'-very.'eawlj pleased and exceedingly. a warrant granted by one of the Commissioners Of the pected in addition 10 that number to day, making a of Ume and anxiety. Notwithatandiog all theae thiftga, M weM m «per called Tke Varietur*, has been sentenced.to the well bred. . When asked 10 try some dish toew to United Smea Clicuit Court. "'~ . total for this weeks market somewhat larger in num- tbe increased expei:** of every firtHo of food, tbe »«rva*U h*voponnd of hay or barley to be. obtained along it, except what is p&oked in trom tbi* end. Starved and ex hansted animals are constantly giving out, and, whenTke Port TcncTiscnd Register Bays:" W e are informed that the agents of the barketoppiDgat the city at all on her way to Panama.JAP ANESE PECULIAITIES.Glimpse, at Victoria, Messrs. Sam. Price & Gov, have-County Jail for twelve months for slander, aifti one of saj s: , MThe hull of the bark Glimpse was sold at them they do so; if they like it, they continue eating, Judge Hall--Had the officers any warrant 1 " . ' ber than last week, and on the average considerably from time to time demanded addition^ w«ge», and aa each aao-auction on the 24th, as she lay stranded, off Clover expressing themselves pleased; if not, they tasjte nothe carriers of the same paper has been seni to the Point, Victoria Harbor, for $2,250. Mr. H. Myers of more, but\ never express dielike. The Embassadors -Mr.Hunt—;No, Sir-.heavier. It is the general opinion of cattle brokers cewdvc demand haa been complied with, they have aaaumodigreater importance, aaVed for more privilegea, and acquired an its. of insolence which baa become inaufferable.IgnorantgirlsjustlandVdfiom£hoemlgtontship,andnothavina; pasned through Castle Garden, knowing nothing about oookins: or weresoldatover9^centsnet apound,andmanythat domesticemployments,andnotorentbelanguage,boldlydomaad town, was forcibly arrested by his creditors, as he was but eating with them is arapid operation. Tbe subor- Judge Roosevelt—It is important your Honor should went oflf at that were estimated at extremely liberal " eight dollar*" per month, while some of those who bsrre boost bnttons, cce. The argentiferous quartz is a dark iron endeavoring to cross over to Washington Territory. dinates eat. nothing but rice, hut the dignitaries are correct a misapprehension, which ariees from language, weights for the buyer. Our own opinion is thaf. tbe at service for any length of time will not deign even to converse-gray, nearly black, and contrasts welt in the color with He had engaged the services of the well-known boat- ond of sweetmeats, cakes, confections 01 all kinds, and here, in two cases, the word arrest is used m thi, market this week will prove about the hardest one for with any one who offers loss than $10 or $12, with the under- man, Costeile, who was to take him across the Gulf in and sauces. None of them cat any meat, except tba- case, and that is an improper term., There was a standing that they are to hare every Sunday, half a day, and twot i e gold setting, but it looks like mourning. the dignitaries take a little chicken, and none of them drovers that, they have met with in the year 1860. evenings each week, and tbe privilege of tbe front basemonto* his schooner during the night; but, unfortunately for. legal arrest in Rhode Island, no more than if John DoW e have had much rain daring the last week, and him, his creditors got wind of hia intention, and pre- use either milk or butter. They drink both tea and took him by the arm and he voluntarily came on here There were a good many cattle eold yesterday, for the back parlor to receive their company.the rrveis ef the Sacramfccto basin are full. vailed upon the boatmen to assist them in securing coffee, and are no sooner through with their meals The Court finally granted the prisoner's counsel til! shrewdest of the salesmen seemed disposed to puah off The remedy for this state of things is clearly with the houso-The bill to pay a li'e annuity-of $600 to J. W . Mar- him. The boat was boarded about 15 miles from here than they go to smoking their wild tobacco in small te-morrow to elect what course they would pursu their stock at the best prices they could obtain. Prom keepera themselves. If they would do without help for 00*•^Cavotr .Tsif for thirty days for the same offence. >i b e jewelers are making jewelry of argentiferous quartz, whichisforthetimemore indemandthan the -aarifereus quart that has been used so extensively dur- ingthela*tsixyears for brooches, shirt-studs,wrist-Victoria was the purchaser. Spars, boats, anchors, cbame, and suils, sold to various persons, and at rates which we have »ot been informed."are ve?yJoignified, and command respect.' The inferior officers never enter their apartments without bowing, andtheservantsinvariablydropuponthe knee.Mr. D wight—No warrant was used until Hicks had voluntarily returned to this city.that the opening day of the market this week was not as good for owners by an average of half a cent a poundaslastweek. Veryfew of the beat bullocks- They are all very iight. eaters, but they take their Anscosi>ivGDKJBTOR.—MrsJ-icobi,amerchantofthis mealsveryquickly;almosteverythingtheydoslowly, paper. '..VICTORIA.'..Mr. Dwight—One of them was a reporter on a dailyby his putsuenr, one of whom, it is Baid, held a pistolat his head, and forcibly compelled him to return withthem to Victoria. As these parties acted without a maimer of folding napkins artistically, for instancs^—Scott Valley, Siskiyou Connty, on the 23d ult., by subpenaed to appear before Mr. Pembertonthismorn- require an apprenticeship of a day or two—the Japan- ing to answer tne charge of assault, and threatening ese learn by seeing it done once. Their powers of JosephGarrison.: toBuootwithintent,etcWehearthatJacobihad:imitationareconsequentlyverygreat,andforanyas to the trial of the plea againBt the jurisdiction of th Court.shall, the ciscovexer o? U>e California gold mines, wa* rejected by tbe Legislature.Tbey are all very apt at learning anything. Thethe indications, we believe that the report of the mar-pipes.month, and kindly but firmly resist these incessant " horse-Joeoh** demands made ppon them so often, the vvil would soon bo cured. The same phases of character evinced by tbe laborers in th* great strike in this city, a fow years ago, present tbomsolvos among tho servant girls of our day. It will be recollected that th» strikers expended what little money they conid raise in mnsic» banners,processions,fcc.andratherthanworkfor25cootsper POLICE COMMISSIONERS.—This Board will hold a day le*s tban tho usual rates, would spend a great port of their.... a> ,., George Nelson was shot and mortally wounded in warrant, the Solicitor of Jacobi has cauaed them to be which for any other species of the genus homo would COURT OF OYER AND TERMINER—Aran, 17.—Before cattle sold at 10c. net a pound than any report printedthe 20th ult., at Indian Diggings, El Dorado County. of goods from merchants in. town, and intended to be anywhere found. Tney learn'to'write the Englishare olao trying the question, whether the formertrialin the meetingto-dayforthepurposeof hearingthenew law timeloungingabouttheparksandpublicoffioea.Court of Sessions for an embezzlement on t b e y th of June, is not Now, any one who will take the trouble to visit the dlfferon*a plea in bar for this indictment. Under this last question, the read and also'to appoint a chief clerk. It is doubtful intelligence-offices of our city, will find nearly every one crowdedletters in a few minutes, and can copy anything they see. Tbe faculty of eonstrootiveness, indeed, seems to be a national development, as also a certain sereneboth formerly of Kane County, Illinois, were drowned ordered a company of the Royal Marines to Sau Juan iat, plump, smiling round faces. . Another nationalin the Sacramento River on the 20th ult. They were in Island, for the purpose of joint occupancy, in accord- characteristic seemB to *e their inquisitivensss. There ance with the proposition of Gen. Scott. " T h e y have is hardly anything that escapes them; about our Gov-a skiff which was run down by a river steamer in the selected their camp-ground on the north end of the isl- ernment, laws, customs, manufactures, country, and soSHORTEST PASSAGE. ON RECORD FROM NEW-YORK.THE FLYINGCLOUD BEATEN—ARRIVALOF THECLIPPER-SHIP ANDREW JACKSON. From The Alta California of March 24.The clipper-ship Andrew Jaokson, Capt. Williams,from New-York, arrived yesterday afternoon, in theunprecedented time of eighty-nine davs and sevenhours, beating the quickest voyage of the clipper-shipFlying Cloud, Capt. Creasy, s"ix hours. The FlyingCloud made two voyages to this port which werenever equaled until this one of the Andrew Jackson.Her first abort paeeage was 89 days and 23 hours, andboa's crew of the Harbor Police, on Monday evening boardedOF HICKS.The case of Albert W . Hicks alias Wm. Johnson, indicted for piracy and robbery on the high seas.—&.}>- plication for a writ of habeas corpus, which is denied. The prisoner states that he was not found within thejurisdiction of this Court.4-}(>t 112, 446, 376.CITY ITEMS.W e had fine, fresh, sunny weather yesterday aftethe cold rain and fog of the previous day and night.thority. He was committed for examination.• —Cepacia produced this evening. lAdvertiiement.JMr. Hunt eaid this might be a very proper appli-vented the fignifi«ant term " Horse Opera" is among the hidden things of earth, but the work of that mantion which ke has held for six years, with honor to himself and the Institution.CHILDREN ron THE WEST.—An interesting com- pany of childrem\mostly boys of tender age, left the' city yesterday afternoon, for new homes in the Wort, under the charge of Mr. C. C. Tracy, the efficient Agent of the Children's Aid Society. This makes his twenty-eighth expedition Westward, with children of the city.••• PASSING A WORTHLESS CHECK.—W. Jackson, an expoliceman, was arrested yesterday, charged withern Diitrict of Ncio- York, in. the Second Circuit now in. wanton in the C^ty of Hew- York. ' . .Albert W . Hicke, otherwise called William Johnson, humblyProf. James M. Nixon of NixOn's Circus. Mr. Nixon's version of the opera is a success, especially the horte part of it, which is done in a much more telling mannerthat the accused obtained from them the goods men- tiored, giving in payment his check on the Oriental Bank for that amount. They also affirm that at the time they received the check he assured them that he had just deposited $3,000 in that bank, and that theJ. E. STAFFORD'S OLIVE TARA>-nI ROM AJfU ScUPHCtt POVTDBKSAre the jtrcat remedies (or the cure of Rheumatism, Disease of tbe Kidneys ondxJoashs and Col is. U%ed ejcternoUv as well sss Inwardly, ihey act like a charm upon tho. patient the di*.*»« speedily yielding to the healin,? mid cleansing power of tho. medicine. *end for circular of teHimonisJs. Sold a« No. 3iSMessrs. Graves Ex-Judge Roose-PRESBYTERY, OF NEW-YORK.—The butineas meeting Mr. D wight said the prisoner was brought up on of the eemi-annual Hession of the Presbytery of New-Tib " Bronze Horse" spectacle is really a capital introduction to the other business of the circle, and To this was appended an affidavit sworn before the pleased the audience mightily. The mueic is under theJhdge Rooeevehv-They had ho authority, but arrest- edhimattheir peril.Justice ScTHBULATrD. THE KABlpnK'S CASK.TheJurywereimpanneledthismorninginthecaseforyears. •••'-'; |,-. ~~\ •'bail for Mr. "Ward.of a serious character occurred among a party of Northern oystermen at Carter's Creek, Lancactsr Co., on Wednenday morning }<u*t, in which two brothersnamed Harwood, from New-York, were instantly killed, and another named Jordan, from Elizabeth town, N. J., mortally wounded. All three were snilors oa board of the oyster schooner Charlotte of Ikwton Tb« Charlotte put to «ea immediitelv after the fight, taking with her the bodies of the killed and wounded.[Tappahannoak (Va ) Soulhernec ,»MiwoK. POLICE ITEMS.—Coxswain Burnett and amay be etiuck in the Park at a distance, of severalhundred yards. It will take a day or two to put the the British bark Jane Francis, which was showing signals ofNIBLO'S GARDEN.—The name of the man who in- is the caune of Mr. Pearcy's withdrawing from a posi-Destroy Instantly all Vermin. 4 "COSTAIIV Principal DepotFor, last night was given the first representation of having obtained $213 worth of watches and jewelry" The Bronze Horse," as adapted for the ring and ele- from Messrs. Shenfield, Bro. of No. 156 Broadway,GXKKIT NOKTOK. Proprietor, New-Y ork. PAHXKK ic MOWKKS, No. 15 Beekman-st[Advertisement]Depot at PB.VFOXJ*,Mr. Nixon, who has been lavish of cash; and the realMr. Graves said we think it our duty, while deny- flight 01 a real hoxee to the top of tne theater ie a novel frauded them to the amount of $213. The accused was Tabic and Piano Covers, window Shades, Ate, at greatly redureoling the guilt of this prisoner to make tlT* application. Mr. Hunt said the man is here in Court, and lias nowund startling feature.With due respect to managerial judgment, we would'suggest thai three-quarters or thereabouts of the dia- logue might be omitted, and the piece be much im- proved thereby. Ail the dancing, the tumbling, and other epurtB are capitally done, hut there is decidedly too much talk.COAL PEDDLERS JOLL Y . — Upward of a hundredsolid, ninecular-looking men, mostly with arms, cheats,and legs, that would do credit to a champion of the P .K.., afeembled around an immense table in the lager-beer "locale," at 103 Norfolk st., on Monday night,and talked louJ and long over the persecutions whichhave been instigated aguinsfc their crafs—of peddlingcoals by the peck or bushel to poor folk—by the' CityMarshal, and othere, who contend that they ought tobe fined for not having licenses. ,But the coal peddlerssaw their way clear, and therefore drank lager copious-ly, and discuHsed many jokes of an old-fashioned char-acter, without performing any further business for theevening. Mayor Wood, they say,, has signified th*'.held for examination by Justice Connolly.DARING HIGHWAY ROBBERY.—About 3o'clock onTuesday morning, as Mr. George H. Glenville andwife of No. 215 West street were passing throughUntitled Documentket, which will be printed to-morrow, will show fewer'•• ••—.:....'•BONNKY.—DECISION*.Moses Sour agt. Matthew Frey.—Motion denied, with $10 costs. *xLewis Curtis etal. agt. David Leavitt, Receiver.—Prayer granted, and reference to take account, &c -Order to be settled on two days' notice.SUPERIOR COURT—SPECIAL TERM—Aran 17.—Before Justice MONCKIEP.DECISIONS.Wm. Smith agt. B. T. Benton.—Judgment for plain- tiff on demurrer an to the causa first assigned, and judgment for defendantupontheother,withlibertytoamend,He. Nocosts to either party.Davia. R. Smith agt. George I. Brown.—Demurreroverruled. Costa $ 7 to defendant,"to abide event.The Rector of tbe Church of the Holy Innocents inthe City of Nev?-York agt. Thomas Keecb.—Motion for injunc- tioned denied, with $10 coata to defendant.COURT OF GENERAL SESSIONS—APRIL 17.—Before Re- corder BARNARD.Edward McLaughlin pleaded guilty of burglary in esq., the President of tbe Piano-Makere' Association,, and a silver watcli from Nicholas Klrschner. The two menthe second one in 89 days and 13 hours, and now theAndrew Jackson heats her shortest voyage some six . basement window, aim Ktealing a quantity.of clothing and jewel- speeches, the substance of which did not differ from thegers, and each trip up of the steamers brings an acces- sion to the throng, nearly all of whom are on their way to the northern gold fields. Among the 'late arrivals, we notice Mr. Ferguson, and a party of four others, from the Cascades^ who came up in a yawl boat, some 25 feet long, and 7 feet beam, in which they expect tomake the trip to the Smilkameen, taking with themtheir provisions, mining implements, etc. The party succession of light winds, carrying his sky-sails and nwui, of Broome street, Heury Metzger, of Forsyth street, andtreasury, and the collection taken up on Monday even-ing for the Lynn Shoemakers was, consequently, notvery large. They meet weekly, however, on eachwill await here the arrival of three or four more ooats of the same description, when they will join forces and nroceed on their journey. . Horses were plenty at the Dalles, and sell from $15 to $60.TITLE TROUBLE I2T PORTLAND.This community has been considerably excited dur- ing'ithe week, on the levee question. For several years the levee on Main street to Washington has beenstudding-sails almost the entire passage; but a9 the ship sails well, good judginent and a sharp look-but for all the chances, brought the Andrew Jackson out in the first rank of the C^ifornia fleet.New-Yorkdays, and the third in 102 days, and now in 89 days and a few hours.Captain Willifims left this port bast June, having onboara a California cargo, and after a-..-fine run to New-ond hit him in the face with his ii«t, after which ho went away, and.his (Mr. Eic'k's) gold watch was found mid sung. Sentence refcrved. •• ' 'William Green and Thomas Barclay, two fine-looking young men, were tiied wad convicted of dealing in counterfeit money. Ox»theeveningof"th»>10thofMnxolitn*^-p.u^»3anumberof i£lnot notified tUl yesterday.An inqo.e«t will be held to-day. eYork,helaidthereoverfour months,whenhe startedon the return trip. During the voyage he has had a bills on the Chemung Bank, of New-Y ork, upon W m . B. Canter-tice of the arrest of the " Hon. Thomas J. Mnuday" for im- ALLEGED EMBEZZLEMENT.—Georgs S. Wheeler, a propriety of conduct is calculated to mislead tbe public. Mr. Munday Is not th« admitted or acknowledged Cle*k of the. Fourth District Court, and when mentioned in connection with the Court, should have been called the Clerk functus officio, as be has never entered upon the duties of Clerk, and is only heir ex-LAWINTELLIGENCE.a>lishment.time, and not finding his ealary large enough to sup-others.They were remanded.COURT CALENDAR—Tma DAT.young man employed as bookkeeper in The DispalchGifi.ee>, was arrested yesterday by Officer Mc- Coy, on a warrant iueued by Justice Osborne, in which45.SUPREME COURT—SPECIAL TERM.—Nog. 195, 180,18V183. 189, 191, 192,193, 63, 196, 198, 38, 51,145, 158, 159, 120, 142. 167,172.pectant to the position and its emolument*. [Advertisement. ]BAltNUM'S MUSEUM is now the popular resort foramilies, and especially for ladies and children. Everything bere is irreproachable. Every comfort Is provided. Evary at- entlcn is paid to vixitors. At least 6,000 people daily take u d*-UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT.—No.SUPREME COURT—CIRCUIT.—PartL—Oyer andTer-y he stands charged with having appropriated to his ownminer. Part' II.—Police cases.use various, sums of money belonging to that estab-Tueeday, and the Lynn strikers will not be forgotten. , ConnJECTiON.—A correspondent write*: " Your no-He has been keeping fast company for someT o T H E PUBLIC—The Advertiser has been en- notable, in a late letter to Wilkes's Spirit of the Times, gaged for the past 20 years In tbe"bootand shoe business in thistAt the latest dates in Lon-him. The prisoner, in whose possession the watch honor and f. rtune, by obtaining PFUKNOUOCIO.U. KS.A*ISATIO:*»and advice at F o v i a m fc WJILMI, NO. 308 Broadway. s>_ , . „ . T AdverUseaao&t)Millions of BotfcWs of Mrs. WINHLOW'S SOOTH-*ALLEGED FUGITIVE.—A telegraphic dispatch from dlaU and oertaha. Q«ly 35 cents a bottle."was found, was taken before Justice Qaackenbush, and committed for trial. He is about .17 years of age, and gave his name as James Lloyd.was locked up In a cell In the Sixth Ward Station House, whence he managed to escape In a most mysterious manner..... George Speight, a young German shocnakwr, was arrested yes-"COSTAB'S" EXTERMINATORSthe, request of a number of gentlemen desirous of puroha*laf lUOth-sts., to b« sold by me on Thursday, 19th lu«u, aud who* Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 