 HMk a4cr waa****** Beaver," * * • opened ber closed port*, M M have «»e* and cpea the^woa*.Mtmt t«k it*NTMKIMMMMMT 2 ! ^ whJa «ee. Herraa, cosateg frosh from a MM je- 52L *tt»IW«I MM, Bite* t*k««»Ml|»;SSTtiSS.* aaA»!ocf fro.ell aouticaicat*,tadit*MB*etatar aad p o t ascidostor. tBisvinoaOBfomni runs.— i . l Pr*cr««i fat Ctotle— GesteralK . ^ U U . a t Pavsxsa f r e a a E seat i astllleIs tk«PT« par a ilea *§•»**•* artoaTaa, * • • * **>• iv*toa«ii#w*^arrivedmPaaMaBeoathe,u*ef1NTEBE8T1NO PROM ALBANY. s«rssjS3ra*\?i?fcSJS3 fit'ants tt all ti<rly far aad Jake ant gt*aier partefiWm did," and that. ••*,fCr., from the tot* hour at which UM report ma the table)iy ard hotta'as ar* l*salai*d into W«wuoic*MtiSststaes*wft**j*e*aM^;«M^ . -—Txutfl aa* - " *«> vtot »r Sag***-" ** " * * " — ^ < • * »toraasethes.m that place which be shall wnereIthkethhim DeuLxxlii.16,1$"all menare'created equal,, , 4 A U t a U M te> K d a c a t l e a — or Ceva«a>l* fcataas>*nrt, esT U seU « t e tBjarwer •riiuhSstwy,»tLtaas^AiTiwatflTogrera woo reported aa UM New York T ax Levy billthe to* tke Senate, aad was mad* UM special order for next 'uretybeiBMtettingto know the exact nuBVser of oases hibit*d,yetrh*tsuchalt«!rationeouldonly be made with daeaasd at the -Tataday.TheDivorcebillwasorderedtoathirdreadmi;. InwhichtbeattorneyoftheBoard•'coneented''toUM aviewtoreveauemainly.1 fanrl c wdWl4FREIGHTOF THE OMNIBUSDRIVERS,making a total ef 03,916, out of which be Sea paid to aa for the us* of the whole people."assistantthe samorOeOO;forclerk hire,Ac.,0800— ItshouldbecontideredtbetruepolicyoftheStatet»sttitft Valparaiso CB Use 31st of January, sad im*l*hef febreary.1WlettedSlatessteamerWyoming,OWNM>J.K. smcacll,arrivedatValparaisooathe26thofJanuary, 'art; tiro day* from Rio Jaatoro. Sao was expected to iMTtfor?asamaabouttbemediaofFebruary,touchingat CaUac tad Guayaquil.CHILE. TWro)«aoor*Bofimportancefromthatrepublic.tbo country la trase,i«l tad proaparoBt; every breach *f adsatry appear* to have recovered froaa tbo blightiag elects of tbo law revtmticn. The mining interest.which nufered tnoro, perhaps, thax any other, la BOWla a proa, pwotw ouafcitwa. The number of workmen employed latkoeepperBstee*ihiiyearismerethandeubtetboBum- •or during the revo!<:t:ocary times.Too y»W of taeao mines ta IMS was aaaaa 86,00* toesofcopper Theyieldoftbiayear,it;.ssupposed,willex- LeatherBank—Invidiam Proe&edinetoftheShoeand «a*4thatoflootyearabeatoaohundredparcamteBOgaa of aaaaa auriag UM yaar M e*. Owing to UM When the laity Money Coma frvn—Tht Qmmititn ofgit AI abundanc* of grata m that section of Chile, which ia rtjwu*jasmetreatagriculturala.rtnet, Bmaoabetter nsalt a expected Uiia year, ead a ccnaKjuent redaction in4M prxe, tbereby •upertMacaaf exporuuoaa.Tbo goTernment of Chfla W a i to be attratotiM imdamages sgainst tbe people.It to to b e observed stoo that the Commissioners—Hastaxation, has been used as an argument against the utility Comnttoatcaer, who are bath interested personi, withoutaa«i«at»3 3 1 » l 5 » .PEBD.Great *ic. tement pre/railed la Liata and Cal".ao when UMticaaur saJed,on aeocant of the tncrUer of Capt. l a m bert, ef Ber Britanic liajeatys steam corrette Vixea.a law day* previous He waa murdered ia open day, o u t aide the wala of lima, and robbed of a watcb a n l whatisule money be bad about bia paraaa. The perpetratoraaf the horrid Jeed are s ippoaed to be ia UM oaatody ofand demanded ia the bluntest manner that the entire city government should be taken to pieces for UM benefit of therepublican partyiaUMdty. Theylefta subcom- mittee af three here,at the bead of which to Mat. Green, to tee tbat their instracttoM are duly carried out.Several amended charters have been brought forwardThe resolution of the Board of Supervisors of UM city of notyetbeendrawnup Anewscheduleianowinprepay- NewYork,towhichIhavereferred,inquiredaato"theYoik and Erie Railroad, the New York Central Railroad, tbe Ogdensburg Railroad, and the St Lawrence Canal, In 1868,exceedthetotaltannagecarriedbyUMNewYork canal* only by the moderate amount of 16,000 toas. In tbe light of these figure*, UM statements of enthusiasticA persons, la their eagerness to keep up with what they call the progress ot tbe age, who depreciate tbe canals and magnify tbe railroads, should be received with many grains of allowance.ThepeopleoftheStatehaveinformerdaya,withgood reason, groaned over the extravagant expenditure* on the canals. They are now nearly completed, aad the great revenues hoped for, but never enjoyed, may yet be fullyAfter three dajaaaa nigbta of ooastaat vigflaace,' with :taxes will ytotd to round numbers say other source* yield only aboutTotal....,,$1,676,000 200,0004 W Magainst tt; and It to sobered to have bean lost ta U M Senate more rrem want ot time than froaa want of votes. The committee submit herewith a bill, which tney trittwill receive early consideration, and be enacted into a law before the elate of Utto saaatoa.other Bute* batenot been uamindful of the claim*of UMunlettiinatefugitives from the toad of slavery, (-tee Appeadtx.)laaaweaUMregardofallber*byhatquietandbaad-mik, upon all propeity transported nereaftar aeon UMtawsHbat no oae doubts, and the evidence will show IV TeapeoplearedelightedhereattbeprospectofUMratiacaUoa of the treatyMamas**- k o T u n t m ,•Baaw WOBLD,ISAACnuwroH,FaaMCigSWIODT,•awamit Kmox, soarnrax LIGHT. JAMESTOWN AKX) MA MOM.TJM New World watcb broke ber gallows frame and Mattall,while coming downUMriver,whereabai-liisively together as a majority,able aad resolved to give the undersigned no voice in anv of their dictetona, UM undersigned waa obliged ia self respect towttbduwfromUMn>liberationsofabodywfaerembe had ao power, aad which aa* embarking on a course »richh*thentcou<bt,andnowthinks,tobefraught with oppression. Since the date of his withdrawal the ua- dtitifcued only knows so much of UM business of the Beard aa bia colleagues have seen fit to make public to all the world; but even oa the feet*, aa UM parties interested fittbemforth,b>hopestoeatobhahafulljustificationfor ibe course wnlch he has pursued and the conclusions off-TATEfi, 1TC,ETCTbe document of which UM following to a copy to upontbetahleofUMAssemblyj—Mr. Powell, from the select committee to which waa re- ferredthefollowingpetition-To TH* Boxoaaauc 8SSATB ABB AMSBBLT or r a s STATE orVaw YOKE.—The understined. titirens ef the BBate of New York, reapedfullyaakyoutoputaneadtoslavehuntingtaNewYork,by thatitwouldwellbecome ^ ^ « * ^ J * £ ? * 2•aa* oae thud auger and stronger than tne ant—ha* wssa pot aw, while bar machinery h a s been aeaaanledbeing all ready is as eat ay, warn exception ef the walking beam which hat been s*ItocauseswhichIttaunnecessarytoexplain, iwillbeffatuptoday.iaf repalrtag' the New World, aad tbe damagesimlUr ones referred to the committee), the subject there in embraced has presented Itself to UM committee aa one of very great importance. . , , _ _• ... „.Tompkns and Seward, than thaiiWesBaw BAY egg. APTCKDtXnsBOstaX. UsaTJtTT LAWS TJT T O FSBBB STATtS-'be taa oiftaw. aafjat seat of flat aHh tbeJipretMrtjriruiyrCanada,andi« and WateTtovrn But no toti shail b el.ftmhfits,grata •railroadleuid railroad companies shall;initUlratsacUonof this set, and atBtcmata thereof i s\?2?£%I£SS££*tbe CaiolFetd ttall t ^pertnenf ardt o raver** tie\t *<"-iion a' 'aa •f e e d ff tiler of ibtrildmitotnaJl rtfu* grjaeg*wo teayear,,a*s wsa*w**^e svio»ation* of this city dec]W r m i 1 sneMweatttbt,,abavcworkedoutitaIntrudedresults.In lsdfl, when 'Je^ventton which framed the consti- tution was engaged In tbat work, the tonnage rasing *lo*>g the baa of the canals, and from the great lakes to the Hudson river, paid tribute to the canal fund.duringascriesafyeanhadbecomea ,.d, and from the increase and J*'**'**^ ttejp^JfceaictUattweeald bemadoof the ta*f*a*«of those revenues la tbe rntare.Vw**^axefulr/o*leul*ted by the Coavea-ttoB, aad made UM bar't of tne naanctal pohey mstaumd to>rarirarwr%s*ij>_i^The Financial Condition of the State.day of tucb neglect or re UM sum of tea thousand fusel, tatshowswhatwaaexpectedbythe•oaai liberty bill, ea* r eatMy thtatmarse?*5OI2L Thtoappeal,the1M0 will not feelre not coaoaraed afrout eaeethey pesed tar sayeai exene BMlgBatiea -ptotesttoaof (thaiP^ 'TBE CR1DIR0* RAILROAD BUI}*tives eMeta Impelled him to that consent; did hesooon- MBtaa s mere promise, never fulfilled, that the parte* would take oat license* aad pay their Bassos fees at some future time, or had be any otber gTound for hto action?OITB ALBANY CORRESPONDENCE. AUAirr, March 10,1880.many years wgB be occupied In UM deposal of this with tbe railroads, in which compet tion both caaato and monstrous amount of litigation, ba will then nave railroads have suffered, asUMAuditor shows. performedataskwhichnomanbuthimself,acquainted Since1861,undertbenewpolicy,UMrevenuesfromof their freedom, bat, ea the oontniry, receiving the testimony of tbe claimant, excluding that af ths person claimed,authorisingUMclaimanttoarte*BBSperaoaNEW YORK HERALD, MONDAY, MARCH 12, 1880.-TRIPLB SHEBT.There is no question but tbat the bill will rata i Trtwm.cs of the Eicise C—Ififiimm at an tarry day, with a large vote. Such•f tke Ueiropolis.The Rich Placer Opened in GregShops.'I r• quired to be«*rcc< mroeoosd."td, and the result of that process a exhibited in the fo! tewing table, No. 2, fvepared by UM Auditor of the Cans' Itoiartmeat.— ITHEINTERESTINGFACTSFROMTHECOMMISSIONERS, M-n*tosellwithintbecityandoountyofNewYork,orCE.ITULP i l lINVEST1G1TI0NS. •***^'%> %»N^B#%l*Sli^«M>S^l^^tlTHE RAILROAD TOLL BILL.The obligations of UM coatUtalten aad good faith to UM peoplerequirethis,aadnothing less than thiswillbe taitofactary.bytheirTHE &LAVEHUNT1K» BILL, Intte.ciuesofNevYorkandBrooklyn,anygoodsormer- obstinatelylitigated,"canbebroughtupfortrialanddis- porteiuponthem.chsnatoaInviolitionofthisact,suchperaoaaooffending posedof—ifbewillgiveoaanyMasofbowmanyas Thisactmadenecessarytbenextmovenxnt,whichshall be liable to a penalty of three hundred dollars far sistente he will need, aad bow many additional courts waa to diminish from time to time UMtolto oa UMcaaato.every ohVace. Section 2 provides that a license stay be will have to be established before the amount of business not wltb a view to revenue mainly, aa the eonsSitation*! aUowttgBOjurytrml, prescribing no mode of defence for araated by the seid'parUtR paying Into ihe Stat* treasury ran be transacted—if be will throw out a hint of bow policy required, but with a view to successful competition r^rtoneselxetf.recogniategnorighiofpr^oetogemdenoe the rum of three hundred dollars, said Usenet to be goodone year. T_CreatorwithcertaintaahwBahi within the city of Brooklyn, by sample, card, or otber dollars, as last Informed. If aot properly commenced, Combinations may for a time prevent it. but if wise life, liberty, aad UM pursuit oflbs tariitai move bare for aa amended charter waa ap:iH«sa! to extend the term ofUta City Chamberlain to18&>. Tbe reappointment of Uiia officer bad been pro-cured from the late Mayor three day* before the newMayor came into office. Tbe confirmation by tbe Alder- Excise of UMotty of New York w ss constructed, by theTho Comptroller, having received the above resolution,brief period he has been in office, proceed to give hto The total value of the railroad tonnage, tbethe peep! thisact,ItshallforfeittotbepeopleofthisStateforeverytheta who aegiected or refused to takepay their Iterate f**e. proetediaga hove bees«dstates!themwhichare now pending"SO asked aewlsSM these three hundred suits, If not properiy «etemenoad, to be dacMttaaat bafor* UM sttpulawasOf10Wag fclfecats wasfulfilled1Beverycaser If caaatowaaeontSKaotdbeforethefirsttenjeartbedpas* th* tastes out of uoesses aad payment of UM fees bidbeta made the condition precedent to Otooosliagaaes, IIis net likely that any of the** |rrnB*adlsgS would bar*d.iiais,sadlaeverycaseofsuchforteitur*or aeglect,H abatf ba Uto fata of tbe Auoraey General to sue for, and rolkcttaMoajOM OltfM peopleofUuoStSec. 4. AH acta aad parts of act* inconsistent with thto act ar« aeteay repealed.It maywellb« ikw laikatioB to-day Pro Rate, Ibole oa to uatU nearly UM close of thewill be amended by the Senate aad seat down to the bare Seen dflooatinued oa payment af costs, "sad Doss* toe late to be acted upon by that body.ijhl* table i*nec«»sarily omitted]The Comptroller belteve* tbat thorevtmaasof tbeoanato.as they extottd in 18*6, wer* set apart by UMoeaatltetiaaMr.Caltootintroducedafbilltoretaliate oathelawsew inforoalaFbllediOpbi*taxingNewYorkmerchantsthat v isit that otty with samples of goods Mr. Callioot's bill providestbatitshallnotbelawfulforanjpertonorparwul betbe controliiBf Com mteetoears oT tbe Board Inform us tbat 10,204 suits bar* beta commenced, of which 406The Atatmbly passed a number of bills, mostly of o letting sstde of Judgment* taken by default, and the mo-local character. Among them waa one authoraiog tbo eonatracUoa of a railroad 1BWestchester Bounty through Weel Farms, Uorrisauia and otter towns la that oounty.When'be policy of tbe constitution was set in motion in 1647 the language of the legislature waa that "UM const! tution bas made it the interest af all the people ef the State ta cherish this ponoy. The caaato are placed under conatHutlonal bonds to pay all our debt anad reli*eive ttw people from taxation, and UMsotn«r thoae ot>.j*ota are at-same year,to estimated at (which is deemed low)yield to tbe canal revenues $a,480,000.Tbe total value of all the foreign tonnage, imports andagreementOBthepartofUMComptrollertoreappoint •bioughtbeforeUMcitizensofNewYork,aaoverwhelm- Theretodaagerofmistakeinthisstatement,Inasmuchas ports,theyatonepaidanaverageof14'.,percent,yet tbe preat nt Cbamberiam, and keep him in office during \i.c majority of the people has been found arrayed against deficiencies iu appropriations for the present current fiscal commerce moves brakly under the burden. Surely, the the balance of bia own term, to 18*3. A bill to this effect Halation of this kind. All experience proves tbat laws yesr have shown themselves the first week In January light tribute of one and a balf per cent on our domestic « a* htiriK.!uced yttterday by Senator Connolly With UM opposed to tbe popular sentiment are with great difficulty io tbe amount of at least $130,000, and other outstanding tonnage, cannot be seriously felt by any interest, andvKwofmakingsuchspeciallegislationforUMbenefitof €i.forced—juriesfailingtofindverdictswheretheybelieve accountsareknowntoexistchargeableonsuchappro oughtnottomeetwithoppositionfromanyquarter.men was procured by well known arrangements bearing i.ncn the expenses of their election. Having secured this n>mt,aa nowtheaimtogomilfurtherby means of a leg'tiative act Weed, Schooicra't, J. B. Taylor aad othersappointment of said W m Jay Haskett and Robert D. IMmes (both members of UMlegal profession), and UM undersigned(notaprofessionalman).putonmoreeapeei- aiJy to represent the citizens likely to be affected by the operations of said Board.sepai atioa of UM legtoiatlve and executive branches of the city government l a a una! caucus, held here last even- ing,itwasdeterminedto place UMMayornoonanequal foot ng with the Comptroller and Corporation Counsel In t i e appotrtment of Abe heads of departments, without pro- vMm* any interference by the Aldermen. This, after all, to just the oae source of difficulty ia UM practical working of the charter.-. U wul not make ao much difference who appoints the caicials of the vepartu.ente, if aomebody can be held re tptneible lor their doings. It is the djsargauizatian occa- ek.ncd by tbo exactions aud domineering of the AldermenThe school tax will remain % of a mill, tho same aa last To pay interest on UM612,000,000 debt authorized under•cotirm 3 , article 7 of UM constitution, will require at least S a milt.To pay Interest and originate sinking fund to pay float% ing debt authorized by tbe people at the last election, will rtquire \ millTo pay immediate wants in the Canal Department for interest «ue aad to come due the first daye of April, July and October, will require X of a mill.600,C0O 1,700,000 860,000710 000to tbe Committee ef UM Whole, and made the special or- der for next WednesdayThefeUowlDgisUMTollbill,asttpassedtheassembly, by a vote of 81 teSS —then, sgstott the protest of the undersigned, Messrs Wm. Jay Haskett and Rvbert D. Holmes passed a resolution•I pointing the said latter named Robert D. Holmes Ooun- KeltotheBoard,aadconferringonhim atonepowers,as such counsel, to coir roecoe aa many suits as might unto him seem good, and be in turn employed his partner, Mr.the general fund ia nearly all from taxes. The 1n millaar amss trimmed and burntug,' the aewa came that UM> waa coaOaed to oae company, aad that tboy AaAet imposing Tolto ttpea property transported upon McKeag, ss attorney. This opened up to Mr. Holmes aa ject of mterem and require UM moat consideration. WeElbrought unless by the Board in Us official capacity, andafter dueexamination bythem; batinUnabewaa tnor dcrttg h'n stay among us. That he was New York Central Raiirtad, UM Oswego and Syracuse overrated by aw two colleagues; and finding thatVOKK—BEPORT OF TBB 8ELECT COafBUTTBS OF THE ASSEMBLY— SEWARD S HIGHER LAW THKOKY ENgan and Wisconsin have each enacted strtngact taws to protectUMpereonslliberty,ofeverytalmWtaat¥ theitedtothemountains •FaritiriutUateaiesasa-Oar a ililloiitetM' tariM" ittaraodotttiManet, of UMJohn Cottle, who abet ate mate,m oa by tola steamer, with twoof bia craw as witnesses,ecrteinrailroadsreferredtoherein.Tbe Pe*pl* of UMState of Maw York, reprasentel Inrequired to levy aad impose UMsame rate* of tell, perRailroad, UM Albany ajtd Vermont RailroadI tbe Rens- selaersnd.SaratogaRailroad,tbeSaratogaaadWhitehall Railroad, UM Chemung RaUread, UM Rochester sad One*** Valley Railroad aad the fienease VaUey Railroad, from thefirstdayofApriltothefirmdayofDecern sec In eaeb year,as they do upon UM.canals of tbe State;anddaringUMsameUm*UMsaidBoardtoau- thored sad required to Impose three fourthe of the tame rate* of toll per mile upon all property transported from tidewater upon UMNew York and Erie Railroad,the EnaiTxew YorVaad In* Railroad, the^Niagara Bneg* andCanaadajguaBaflroad. t*8yracasej*ag|to^Md New York Railroad, and UMBnura, Jefiareon^nd Cannn-The canal revenue* bsve heretofore been UMgreat sub- unlimitedfieldoflitigation,withcoststoUMattorneyto naturallylooktothelastannualreportoftheCommtobe ptoseeuted to UMextent of hto activity. The undersigned protested against this assumption of more than Seotioa 1. The Caaal Beard to hereby authorised aad doubtful poweis, aad contended that no suits should be•toners of the Caaal fund for information as to these re- venues. But they are silent. Usace seems to haveSenate aad Assembly. do enact aa felloes:—THE ALMIGHTY NICtGEH AT ALBANY.re*»ai£cd, w .h the water ap to the top of h*r state room dmgua Railroad, destined to UM ctty of Buffalo or Soar" this cammuntoatton, « ^ „ * - • *_ Lenactingthatnopersonwhobasbeenfeeida*aslaveshallbe delivered up, by any cflicer or court, State or te-tarai, within this State, to any one atatotteg atoa oa taa ground that be owesservice or labor" to aucb claimant, by the tows of oae of the sla^eBUieaof thU-Uclon-th,slawamongbermanynobleaadpeusaibropKstatutes. New Vort. from whose example and lead have already tawseeded several great rastaan.saneay whs aot BOWb e unfaithful to liberty. No worthier mnrtssisat oaall be erected to her sons, who have labored to DMcane* of free-Bridge, or to any point beyond those placee, beyond Dunkiik, out e/tbe State, or"tg^fte dtf of gyre- parrs af bar rebuilt. A new gallows frame, of Geargm caae or UM ctty of Rochester; aad upon all propertyIketsrs, Wm- J o j Hatkett a a d Robert D. Holmes, Com- mesicners of ExcSc, confe* tbat mud attorney has lnstl- ludedaad commenced over tea thousand suite, for not lata than eight hundred of which, o a examination, s o color oftoworfaetooaMbelsaad.aadwbWi 1-dcsiuM- quently to be abandoned; the defendants thus unjustifiably uaptoaded having no remedy «e»toto tsaperaecto*fw luch cotte aad teas of Um* as were reeutesdto jrove that.two hundred aad foar suite which have beenau BMake, bat beea UMroagbly overhauled, ami many—would respectfully report; That having given muchconsideration to the said petition, (and sgreat number of dom , among whom tbe committee seed Basse sstiy Jay,required to impcee the same rates ef toD r^_aa£S^setbey do won the canals of UMState upon all property trans- ported upon UMOgdeeabarg Railroad ccming from east of the State line, or from tidewater, aad destined to say place beyond or west of CVdc-nsbajg, and upon all pro-Having come to a conclusion favorable toJhsprayer or UM.petitioners, it teem* proper ttiat aeaasi of "J*TM*" and argumentsI which have led the commitwe to thisAbout three veers ago the Board of Commissioners ofTbeie to a taw higher than cxmatitutiona, to which legts- 100,000,000 latoie, as well as ether men, are amenable. But without,oi the looby potentates, including D. D Caaover, i t K.Brewer, A- Oakey Hall, Ax., are enlisted la this scheme,lur wliu-h a large advance of money is said to be ia hand rosed or principle to tbe enactment of prohibitory laws; liabilities (uatsss created by UM present Legislature) to through UMCustom House of $49,666 324, an average ofa den oc w i-aateable to the republicans, a variety of other piopoeiticns have been made to keep this ia ooante- nance Ibe Croton Board, the markets, tbe bureau of aitesamenie aad other Important portions of tbe StreetLJ moral offence has been committed, and thus an exam- ple dangerous to the supremacy of all law to forced upon th* people.Tbe Excise law, which UM present Board of Commis-T.riatiocs, which will considerably increase the amount of In a just view of our canala and railroads, there c m heihere deficieaefcs. Hence, i t to deemed unsafe to dimi- no antagonism between them Both are equally neccs nly held as chattels. The oonstituiun speaks of • per- nisn the tax below the amount levied last year. These eary and equally to be guarded by our legislation. But ons held to service, snd ta one Slate, under tbe laws deliciencies will of course increase UMdeficit at the close tho people will contend for the law of self preservation thereof.'' but there are no &at* law* holding stave* to < 1tbe)current fiscal year which will have to be paid from against the maladministration of both canal* and rail "service." By tbe testimony of John C Calhoun. Sena-Th* ctty of New York has repeatedly shown itself op-i*lartmeni, are also given to Mr. Haws for UMbenefit of sioners was appointed to carry out, to in its nature almosthi* partisan*. The schedule of these appears to have prohibitory—its provisions being such, that if strictly aa the amount appropriated for tbe next fiscal year.roads, and continued taxation will quicken them to a vigorous enforcement of that law.Reatore the railroad tolto to the Canal Fund, and adjust the tolls on UMcanals to correspond, and we will receivetor Karon, Judge Matthews, Judge Porter, and other prominent statesmen and civilians of tbe South bo'dmg slaves, there are, ta UM slave Statea, a o law* establishing or creating the relation of slavery. The ooaatituuon speaks of persons from whom service or labor Is;'*du* '' But nothing, by the oode of slavery,eaa be "due' from a stove, for be "can make no contract" aad incur no debt. The slave ta held aa property, and nothing eaa be "due'' from property to Ita owner. Thetetterofthe ooustitutioD-al provision, therefore, does not warrant ite application to slaves. Neither does ita spirit There to documentary evidence to the contrary. It to oe record that the Con- vention refused to adopt a proposed clause, providing for the rendition of fugitive slaves, but afterward adapted, without debate, the existing clause respecting '-persons ' (tbat to, apprentices and others,) from whom labor was honestly "due."There is, therefore, no constitutional obstante to t be enactmentofatawbythe people anl th* StateofNew York for "*ecuring the blessings of liberty" to ail their inhabitant*.Tbo enactment of a personal liberty law, by the State of New York, will add another to the aortas of bocorable measure* ta favor of human freedom already oc her statute books. It will, rerhaps, be regarded s s the crown- ing act of her efforts at redemption from UM blight and corse ot slavery. In 1786 UM Legtotouire passed an act which struck at UMforeign alave trade, but no: at tbe ex- istcnoe of slavery itself. In 1786, John J a y introduced measures for UM abolition of slavery; and m 1793 a bill passed for UMgradual emancipation ot UMslave* in this State. In 1817, under Daniel D. Tompkins' alsiiaislra- Uoa. a more complete abolition of human bondage was seeut ed, so far as related to tbe alave* of New York. In 1840,underGovern"rSeward, trialbyjury wa*granted to fugitive stoves arrested in thto State: and ia 1641 a lawchanged every week; but the bank, aa the great object, holds its ground in ail,as it is UMmagazine irom which all t b e lobby ammunition a supplied.(breed, but a very few applicants would be enabled to obtain licenses, and ia many wards and districts no iMtnata could be obtained at all. To UUa prohibitory feature fat the tow public sentiment standa aa much opposed aa thoughThere will be required, therefore, for the general fund a t * x o « l > i milllbs Canal Department will require a tax of >i a mill, to go on with the work cm the canals.There la oae principle embodied in UM concluskma ar-rived at here aa to.cuy affairs, which should be, and willbe carried out, if anything to done. It to UM complete the prohibition were entirely absolute; perhaps more vig- year.$3,000,000orously opposed from a conviction that Um law, thus par- tially carried out, creates a few wealthy monopolists lu lieu of the many uoasanda who have their capital invest- ed in the business, and pursue It under UM influence of lair and equsteble competition. -In my judgment the object of excise lawa should be to establish a supervision over the purity and healthfulnoas of tbe articles sold, and to confine the trade to UM bands of responsible and law abiding men, who shall, to the ex- tent ui their ability, see that no abuse to practiced against their customers or the public. With these objects tne ex- cite lewe form an Important part of every public code, and commend thtmrelve* to the respect and support orhereopposedu>eachotheruponUMcharteramendment*. aims,eithertocreatemonopoliesinUMhandsofafewAt Congress Hail, Dr. Priae, the City Auditor, lieutenant favored sellers, or to make men virtuous under stress ot For Immediate wants X millfiOO.OOOdebt 365,000Total .....$3,616,000Ibis result, which it is confidently belteved may he at tained, will enabc us to get along with a tax for the Gen-« bich demoraiind the executive bureauxAa in the case of the railroad war*, there are two camps the people. But when prevented from these legitimate$1.575,000 7 0,000 1,060,000 710,000 866,0C0 1,000,00065.470.000 This is the statement which truth requires to be madefor Comptroller Haws, and a host of other officials from tbe Finance Department, aio levying war for the further expat MOT ot'tr.eu* conquests At the DeUvan, Ben Woodlegislation, or to prohibit the people from what the im- mense majorit} regard as s legitimate privilege, they will and must prove failures, aad no machinery of law can beTotal sum to '»e raised by tax>, "S.'i mills. With a certain prospect of our entire direct taxation forto you.u Dcommand of sai active phalanx opposed to all special devised strong enough to execute them in UM midst of The next question is/will the condition of the finances and thereafter still lower, and the sinking funds being reacts, another for the infringmeat-of the franchisee or tbe ho*Ue commumtk s. warraLt any appropriations tor new works? itored would no longer be oalMd '- myths," but become soiltagcs of the city of Mew York. Tbe Metropolitan As to UM operations of the Board in this city, the.underSaaitaiy bill waa reported last evening. Ex Superinleni- signed umere utterly from the views taken thereof by his The answer to the first question involves the answer to a sbBtantial basis on which to make deficiency loans un-ent Piiabury ba* arrived here and begun an active cam- paign :n tbe lobbies against his tote assocuttat in UM Ponce Board The d t y tax levy to promised a considera- tion in the beginning of the week; the county portion willprobablypat*UMSenatewithanamendmentfarthe ( orumtotioners of Record, and 0*0,ovO for UMbuilding of a house for detention of witnesses.this question.If the Legislature authorize new works and provide fortheir pav meat, tbo taxes will have to be increased to four or lour and a half ur even five mills.der the constitution, and the canal revenues would bo- come as heretofore the pride and boast of the State.The issue presented Is simply this:—Shell UMtrade and tonnage passing through the State on our public works be tolledsufficiently to pay ourcanal debtandinterestac- cordinf to the original design, or shall that debt and in-THETOLLINGRAILROADBILLUSTHEthatwiththeexistingpolicy,thecanalrevenus*will con- tinue to diminish and taxation will continue to increase.administration, tbe Executive authority decided that this State should not surrender, s s s fag-.tive from justice, a person charged In soother State with steal-SENATE,THS TAX LEVY— ESTALIATtOM ON PHILAOWXPIIIA. excise law, under which this Board baa been created, andWith our canato Inisbed and made as available as pos-OCB STECU! ALBANY. OBaFATCB.Auuxv, March 16V186°-that suit waa commenced on UM complaint of a private iLdividual. Ibis case was prosecuted to judgment before a Jury, but the Sheriff failed to collect anything under UM execution.cannot with propriety be commenced. Tbe demands of revenue are inexorable.Tbe third inquiry Is, for such other Information at to the condition of our revenues aa may be deemed impor- tant to communicate.reatored to the canal fund, and a new adjustment of tolls on the canal?, w e would witness tbe workings of UM old policy revived; and if our anticipations are realized, pub lie opinion will be In much better mood for new appro priat'ona.In 1867, a solemn resolution was passed by both branches of UM Ixgtolature, declaring -that this Nate wil I not allow slavery within her borders, ta aay form, or under any pretence, or for any time"Tbe tolling bill that passed the House yesterday wasrepotted to the Senate to day, and Instead of being re-ferred to UM Select commute*, waa, on motion, referred in tbe supposed nature aad extent of their powers; aadcolleaeuta, and behoves that he can show to your honora- ble body s condition of oppression and persecution almost without parallel in the history of any free community. In order to explain UMfacts on which he bases this belief, it will be necessary to recall certain transactions in UM history of the Board.Duringtheyears1667and1868,thetwofirstyearsafterihe creation of this Board, under UMappointments made by tbeiefore, that if new work* are authorized, UMmoney totheRecorderofthiscity,theChiefJusticeofUMSuperior Ccuitsad the first Judge of UM Common Pleas, but one suit was commenced in this ctty for a violation of UMreclaim the tolls given up to the railroads? It is evi lent, repeated. About U M same time, under tne sasaeIt was not until about April last that a new light broke m tbe two members of UMBoard, forming a majority, aaAt the laat session, (1669) aa act similar to the oae now proposed, passed the Assembly, but failed in the Senate. In answer UM Comptroller states that the revenue of was inaugurated in 1861. Experience baa pro red It* This bill received 84 vote* in UM Assembly, with on:? 22In these <fl6 case* li« tell* u* further, that the cost* re-'•' avlng him a balance for his own remuneration of about she vast tonnage passing through our avenues of transHe shall dwelliyo«»$3,666: or an average of "about twenty six cent* aad onemill" asb*«net profit oa eaeb of thetenthousand twohundredaad foursuits commenced, /few,«/these latti are properly and justifiably eBBBBwSBwt, O s teasel; costswhichtheattorneymil 5*esOsfsd6*recti**fromth- pattiti prottcvud wmamountiseverhatfsmillionofportation from the great We*t to UM Atlantic Ocean must payarevenuesufficient to provide forUMprincipaland interestofUMcanaldebt.to one of teeriMtcimaa, any good* or merchandise of Bay deajription tbe defendants have been subtoctad to an equal axpaase, counsel* prevsil wltb sll concerned, tato poliey^bould be wbatieeverfororoaaccountofanvmerchant,menu forwhichtheyhavenoremedyorrecourse;aadtttooa acqutoecedinBOW,whenitmaybeadoptedandcarriedA Because protection to UMflrst'dstyof civil gems- meat,sadtbeStatetbatdo**sotprotectailUMright*of all human beings wlUrln its jurtodictioc. forfeits it*to UM ailegtoace of human bemge, disbandfacturer or other person not having bia principal plane ofbusiness wubin tbtt Sttte, and to whom a license has notbeen granted under this aa, and if any person snail tell onor exhibit for sale, either by sample, card or otherwise, 10,204 suits, which he tells oa are " being closely and paymeat of tolto to UM Unai Fund for property trans owa arms, as he best can. Aad a goveraceatthese statistics tbat UM oommisaioners found their claim to Increased compensation.out hi a spirit ot moderation.Ihe policy of which the Comptroller complains was In-Now, if said attorney can give any idea of when theseaugurated la 1861, by releasing UM railroads from thecompel* its cttiams to protect thsaaailsss, hi*ACkmfttr<mMunicipal Affair,-Sack PayfortheOm-mmCouncilKejmrUd—TheT\orpBout;SpecialLefiHa 0NEOPTHERICHPLa.CER8OPTHECUT. withtheadmtesstrattonoftowlathisdty,wouldhavetbe thecanal*,includingrentofsurpluswatersandinterest claimed,withoutpiorateoftaw,aadmakingtttheduty"Um flaawaasas TU Charter Projects and ih» Shot andTHS CBABGE8 FBKSntTKD TO THB 8INATK AGAINST hardihood to pretend to estimate. Every man who to on current revenue*, have run down from $3,722,163 inTHS SXC1SB COMMI88IOMBBS. sued ta put to the coats of employing a lawyer for bia de- 186!, to $1,860,870 in I860. That to to s s y , they have fence;andttwfactsmiltoabowasinglecase,sincelast fallenoffmorethanonehalf,whileUMtonnageoftbe TTBBHow.THKSnaraorraxStanorNswYORK— April,Inwhichajudgmentbaabeenprosecutedtocollec- canalsremainsaboutthesame,viz:3,682,783tonsinef the Coatansetoaer ta dearer tato she head ef the oaimtnttaer>era«aetamMd,Bpaaswchapa«t**vteeiice fornirhedbybimasshallbe"satisfactory•totheCom- missioner, (UMamount of what* fee to doubted by h» accoenttag tt « saiauaeauty,") ceenmtt the liberty of th* person claimed into the hands of the claaaaat aad of theTherewereskippedfromUMportaof.Tatcahuaoo. leotterBon*Lobbyist*-ProposedSeparationoftheEte- Tbeundersigned,oneofUieCommissionersofExciseIn tion.ITthese10,204easeswerediscontinuedto-morrow, 1861,and3,781,68*Masto18W. ParseaxdPeoco1*9/4*quintalsofflourand86,014 cutivtandJLegislaUvtBrandus*/theCityOovenment— UMdtyofNewYork,havingreceivedacopyofUMre- tbepartiesputtocostsaadtroublecanbringnoactionfor ThisfallingofftoUMrevenuesefUMcanal*leadingtothtTeaLevy,4c.The municipal aflhira of the metropolis, leading offkettandHolmes donotgiveUMnamesofsayofUMAnother delegation from UM city, asroming to be aIt will be aeen amongst other things, that within the past year tbe majcrlty of raid Commissioners, Messrs RobertTotal in the two yearssolution of investigation adopted b y your honorable body, directinginquiryinregardtoUMproceedingsofthesaid Commtoakmera, deems It his duty to lay before you thisof UM caaato. Nothing ecu id W more unjust i t proves nothingagainsttheirutility,huteverythingagaiastthe*r- rontons policy which has been puisued in regard toUM means of protection ar redress6.BecausetheStateofNewYorkbaaamoral,politi cal, and cteatttntteaal right tab* a free State 8hs has, wHh tbe city railroads, promise toeagage a large proper statement of facta, to the end that the investigation in which particular cases were dismissed. Tney say that to them. During the whole period or unrestricted compet! to ber statute book, declared herself to be a fiesBtate. do so would require all their present force, with UM *er lien with the railrcad* la taus State aad In other Mates, And the federal Caaetttutioa confers no power oa Coo -•crunc* of fctatrrtBR pubi!s koatrueUOB. Tbo budget for tiea of the balance of tbe sosslea. Yesterday the Aider- question may take a wider range than waa contemplated vice of an additional clerk, and a period of oae hundred and while tbe Erie canal ba* been encumbered with the grew, UMfederal judiciary, Q r the laderal executive, toprevent ber Irom being a tre* State But a fro* State, in reality, she nev< r can be white aa* aaskrs ber aoti u> b« polluted by the footstep* of hunters tor r*gu»* *kav«*men, who were here in a oody, returned home, aad ia UM evening a bill waa reported in Assembly giving themi.nd fifty day*for the preparation of such a report.It is proper for the undersigned to add tbat, since the reiotution of inquiry of your honorable body was adopted,*u»jf*j- rmiiree S4^,38S for the vu-ioiio io'JtuUona ofjMraiBg of a public en i-actor, be., esUbuabod is tbeeaeatry. Tbia taeaks well for CbUe.aad if her eater repobiwa in 8oo«b u d i>Btr«l Aawrtoa will pratH by her a salary for the past year. The passage of this amend pared to be sent to UMBoard of Supervisors of UM eoun- Mr. Haskett, oae of UM said Commaetoners—no doubt wasmeat to the charter ia regarded aa doubtful, although an allowance ef one thousand dollars s year to a member of UM Common Council would b e nothing b a t Jait and. rea-instigated by the approaching examination—called upon ibe -undersigned, and proposed that the undersigned ;hould sign a consent for tbe discontinuance of all said actions. Viewing the proposition as a movement to con- nect the undersigned with said litigation, be refused to have anything to do with said suite, declaring that they bad been commenced without bia assent or agency, and tbat if Mr Haskett and hto associate had the power to originate tbe litigation, tbey mutt take all tbe responsi-fcrc*m»nt of tbe slave code, in ita moat abhorrent aad barbarous ftaturee.6. Bt cause ao far from ita being true that the •ntci- ment of an effective personal liberty taw, bv the State of New York, would inter*, ditsfiect, aad altomu* " our brethren ot the Sooth,' tbe reverts of tbia would be true. Of tbe tec millions of • our brethren o* the South, ' about four millions are slaves asd fro* persons of color, who would hail with delight such a statute Oftheremaia-Ing aix millions, who are free whites, only about one fourth of a million are slave holders, or could have any inten Ft in the re*ktimtog or fagttive staves; white the Ove a n d t h r e e f o u r t h s m i l l i i n s o f n o n s l a v e h o l d e r w h i t e s could have no desire fur their being sent beck amongThe total tonnage carried by the Baltimore and Obi > tbem, te compete with and degrade their free labor. So Railroad, UM Pennsylvania Central Railroad, the New tbat only one-fourth of a million among taa million*, or aMerer-'* a >bis reapont the*' material prosperity would be aaucb better than t it preaaat a.Tbe Speauvde nmidioc .a Volpa/alaa are eagafad la raavag B tubecr1j*on %Jt UM relief of toe rejulliee of tboee who ere elam m tbe preeeat w»r between Spain and Morocco T**y aav* alraady ralaed about §4,000.Tbe Bark of Vatparmiao bat reduced ita rate of dlacoout a>teaper orattne CbAieber af temmeree of Yelparaiea waa aagaged sj preperiBg a commercial code, wfajob » said to Oe much aeedec.Btrtr-M waa more actire x Valparaiso than Kwaa dar- t a > t b e j - r e * 1 o o a f e e t a l g b t . W e q n o t e b a r c o p p e r a t 0 1 9 SO aOiOOS. la flour taaaa baa beet eeeae •••aaetiaa, owiog,the cii cba»e of •= -reral kae f>r Peru and the NorthernPrerincef "f Cbile. Soae 20,000 quintals baring changed tbe several lobby and legislative member* of their party, tk n of UMentire State, involving in the ultimate taxable them.3,781,68*sonable. It is only UMsame pay rs of street sweeping.allowed to UM ins pea-1868And in I8603,478,726 3,860,283m the original resolution.The main part portion of this communication was pre-process of enlargement, our caaatohave transported more tonnage than all the railroads in the Mate put togetherty or New York, in answer to a resolution of Inquiry adopted by that Board; but a* your body to possessed of the power, to which UM Supervisors are deficient, to rrmedy the consequence a which have attended the acts of a majority of said Commissioners, and herein set forth, it to deemed more useful snd appropriate to transmit UM communication at once to your honorable body.Tbe Auditor shows thai the tonnage of iheoanaia ia 1S683,666,102 nor white rb* permit*, within her yu'todtotte* ta* ea7,333,00$ But it is evident tbat a large portion of the railroad ton- turned yesterday. They bad convened at UMThorp House D Holmes and William Jay HeekeU, have bility which attached to it, whether of prosecuuon or nage a counted twice, inasmuch as each of the railroadscommittee of republicans, chosen from each ward, also re-bat week under the auspices ef Joe Hoxto and Solomonabsorotd ia themselves the entire power of the Board; that they have commenced over 1 0 , 0 X 0 a c t i o n s i n t h o C o u r t o f C o m m o n P l e a s o f s a i d c i t ydiscontinuance.The undersigned baa thus laid before your honorablemakes its returns, and much of tbo tonnage in passing trom one road to UMother to twice reported.B u l l T h e i r o b j e e i h e r e w a s , l i k e t h a t o f U M A l d e r m e n ,to providetbesaserva* with salaries. They waited upon for UMrecovery of penalties; that they have pending now ment or elaboration; snd for such action as they demand Auditor shows as follows, viz —hero, but that which a to be finally urged to its passage baaTHEFINANCESOPTHESTATE. IMPORTANT BaVOBT FROM THE COMFTROLLBR—-FACTS TO BE CON9IDFRRI) BY THB LBOISLATTRB—ABB T B E .NEW MEASURES TO BE THROWN OYERBOARD FOBWANT OF MONEY?SiAta o r N s w YORK, COMPTROLLER'S OFFICX, I ALBANY,March9,i860. JTo Tint SFIAKBB or TBB AwrwKLT :—8IK—I herewith transmit to tbe Assembly a communlration in answer to the resolution of UM Assembly of tneisxionand will be ready by Tuesday. I And but three canvts at work here for procuring any change in Um pro- sett charter. These are, first, a little neat, which to oolnumber of suite which have been commenced to recover penalties for violation of the excise law during the years Ihbo and 18&»;the number of such cases which have beenb o d y a p l a i n s t a t e m e n t o f f a c t s T h e s e f a c t s n e e d n o c o m - a mass of litigation BCarly;equal to all the private litiga at your hands, the undersigned respectfully submitsA a e t h e r f a c t t o p r o v e U M e f f i c i e n c y o f t h e c a n a l s , t i ecctta alone over one million of dollars. aad ao vast bt ex ua t as to awamp all UM otber business of UMcourt in abichUMsuitsarebrought,IfallowedtotakeUMusual course on the calendars, and if permitted to continue will result in an almost perpetual persecution of the class against wbcm they are directed, calculated to produce a o public benefit, nor to subserve any other end than tbe en-, riohrcf nt of the professional gentlemen engaged therein.NEW YORK, March 1,1800.tbe police, but as capital punishment ia abolished la Peru, i•Isw».j•,it#fcMoank*vfi«c4tseudl,c*asnaonanalywbheasaeinftcenarcreadlflwtaeeaafaenaarwyvaeaavrMs'*'cctedhere,ofdisappointedrepublicancandidatesdefeateddiscontinuedorcompromised;UMamountreceivedtoMbinstant.Isin,veryrespectfully,yourobedientser-attained.ButtoaccomplishthatobjectgreatvigilanceAword,however,Inrelationtotbeconstitutionality,orimprjsoaaaeBt. Oapt Lambert waa a gaUaat oaaoer, aad aigbjy esteemed by all who knew him. BBs remains were Interred in tbe English burying ground, at Lima, oa the IGUi of February. Great respect waa abowa to hta memory. Tbe diplomatic corps, tbe officer* attached to UMTeasels of war in ti» harbor of C\Uao, aad the leading foreign merchant! ef lima and CMlao attended UM faneral. We bare beard it rumored that tbe teeeajed at the time of his death was engaged to be mar- ried to the aster of Mrs. Gay, the wife of the Uaited Slates Minater to Pern, He was aaly tweaty six years ofPreSideBt CastiOa arriTed at Paita from Guayaquil with the remainder of hta forces on the 12th of February, aad sailed oa the 14th or Callao, taking with him tho naval saaadran of Pern, which had been anchored so long be- fore GaayaqaiL GOB. Rooks, ex President of Ecuador, is at Paita; and aa Casuita baa left BOtroops to Um oouatry, ft*Mes will probably soon make an effort to gain mat lost awsttlaa. Tbe people of Lima, aided by UM gorernse-Mit, Bare ft la aaatemplatioa to build a railroad from that place to Jauja some 112 miles, crossing the Cordilleras.SBUBea the Lsited eaatea ware Mlhag at Loam and Gal- bM at 10 per cent premium, aad on England 12 pence pre- ss i s . freights to Hampton Roads, 016 per to a; Sogland, two pscads tea shillingsECUADOR.Tbe OBty newt we hare from this State it via Paita.Catti la bad failed M bring about a reconciliation be- t e t e s UM two contending parties of Guayaquil aad Qiito. Marino, who a at tbe bead of the latter, refused his medi atioB. Franco, who was declared President of the * holeofEcuador by caetiUa a abort tiaee ago, Mstill at GaayaqoU, butttathoughthewillbedriven from UMcountryby an outraged people now that Casti'.ia baa withdrawn all h* forces The next tatalUgeaoa from there will proba biy inform us of h a baaiahment.Ba troops recenJy suffered a severe defeat at Uiebaada of those under the goTemment at Quito. The Unitedi Consul at Guayaquil baa resigned.BOLIVIA.Thjs utile republic a quiet, no farther efforts havingbeen made since December last to overthrow UM exalting goverameat. President Linares at a t L a P a s , making vrrparaumstoreshit President Cssulla, of Para, should ba attempt to iavade Bolivia in April or May, when Hie iamy season wfll boover, as a expected. Linares u said to be more urmly seated in power than ever before. It a tbe opinion of many is Bolivia that he n ill rule as Presi •lent Iter life.The government has reduced the export doty on Peru vian bark to ten per cent oa the invoice coat.WEST MAST OF SIEMCO. mr rasa an a co.'s txrasss.Oar Acapmlco Caiwoapamalamee. ACAPVLCO, Feb. 27,1900.JfavaVr e / General tbro aad Staff—Terrible M**!e*<*t in Jcajwlco—Co* of Cap*. afaJtef, rf (hi John Cattle, dk. Ourdtybaabeoathrown from itsquietease and cus-tomary monotony IBM quite a whirlpool of excitement s.nce B y a a t letter to yoa. Gea. Toro and hi* staff were brutally murdered by some mutinous soli'ers i»elon*.t«g to ateowabrigadeatSaaMarcos,aboutthirty leaguesbelow faa city, oa UM 11th of February Immciiatdy upon the reaerpt of this news. Gen. Aivarex sent the chief of his atari, Col. Chrteto, post hatte to this ctty, with ordeia to call out the Natioaat Guard, and to put U M castas In a state of defeat*, which was taamwasBMrv dome. The peo a** w, r* much alarmed, aad as asoal sent the-.r vahMbtes aad betookUMsaaatves ana their lulo ones to the Coaaal of tbe United States, while eome took refuge on tbe Oregon Pacific mail steamship, wtrch ties hero. Many took to the mouatatBAs anl "called on them to cover them'' tbeKattoaal Guard bebavea most handsomely, entering into theirarduousdutieswithoutamurmur.inthelastelections,whosechagrinttisdesiredshallbe eachcaseofdiscontinuanceorcompromise,andthe rant, moderated by legislating them into places tor which amount of such receipt* which has been paid to UMoountyROBERTDENNiSrON,Comptroller. mustbeexercisedIntheirmanagemenUand.inhusband- unconstitutionality,ofUMproposedlawmaynotherebe SIATB OF Msw YORK, IS ASBBMBKT, \ ing and in protecting tboee revenues. Tbe seme spirit oetot place.AxBA.1Y, March 6,1800. J which formerly clamored for the largest expenditure*, Tbe committee are well aware that, with many per-tartiea aued, s s state any of the reasons or terms onthey conid cot .be chosen by the people. A second, treasury."and more plausible reason for a change, is baaed upon the in answer to this communication UMdominant members Resolved. That tbe Comptroller be requested to SUM will now cry out for the lowest tolls and tbe highest taxa son*; thto Is the point of difficulty. Home honestly decimedisfavor with whnh UMcourse of UM Aldermen is regard-ed , and the necessity of providing some remedy for thedead lock by which their cupidity baa paralysed the seve-ral departmenta of the city government tor tbe past twoyears. But the third aad moat milnentml source of the varl-ot-bam<ndmentstothecharterarisesInfUie11aUsateffort ofUmproceedingsofthesaidcontrollingmemberswasto support tbe measure,becausetbey belrveittobe in cor-mct with the Constitution of UM Un.ted State*. Others, the committee have reason to tear, make this a prelease forwhich Is mace to secure Um city deposits for UM Shoe and leather Bank upon some permanent basisattempted.The undersigned cannot take UMsame view of the busi-ness of said commission ss is given by,his said colleagues, and against their answer be would most respectfully sub- mit to your honorable body the following statement —teem importsht to communicate. By order,WM. RICHARD30N, Clerk.York Central Railroads, added to the tonnage of our canato.oftbeExciseBoard,MeES»S.Robert D. Holme*andWm tothtsHousewhat,inbisopinion,will be UMamountof boa.Jay Haskett, on UM 4ih of February last sent an elaborate t*x required for the wants of bis office and of the other Will tolling the railroads and Increasing the canal tolto euuimuaicaUon to the Board of Supervisors, in which the departments of the government during UM next fiscal burden the internal commerce of tbe State?JOHN KERRproportion of 26 to 1,000, or i'S percent of all "our brethren of UMSouth." could have the least obwctteB to Use most stringent personal liberty bill that coald be en actedbyUMLegaiatmeofNewYork.Many other equally conclusive ressoss might be ad duced, if the limits of this report would permit Bat the committee design to offer, at tbl< time, only the basis upon which may be built an impregnable fabric of argument* in favor of the measure proposed. In the debau which will follow the introduction of the brl aocompanying this report,greaterlatitudewillbeavailabletortnepresenta- tiun of argument* in its favor, aud also far replies to objections that will be raised by these who may oppose the bill.enormouslitigationreferredtowassetforthastheground year; whetherthecondition of thefinanceswillwarrant The Auditor show* tbat UMwbo'e tonnage ofour opposingwhattheysnowtobeanobnoxiouaprinciple tofor the demand for increased oompenaatiou. and a defencefcny appropriations for new works; and to give such other foreign trade, both exports and import*, is about equal to iilormalionaatotheconditionofourrevenuesashemay thetotaltonnageoftheNewYorkandErieandNewthe political party to which they belong. The enem ee of freedomhaveeverretreatedbehindtbtosartofsciU'iel Kvery *tep toward* liberty, aince the dark ages, baa been met with the same plea »«It to contrary te the Ooaetito ti«>c, " there to BOlaw for it," have been the argtdaeBta of tbe parasites aad defenders of despotism, ta all ages and In every oouatry, our owe not excepted.The total value of tho canal tonnage was in I860, in will, with such knowledge ss be has obtained during UM round numbers, over., $182,000,000answer.Tbe tiret question is. what, in his opinion, will be thoamount of lax required for the wants of hto office and of tbe otber department* of government during the next fiscalyearThi this argument, appealing to that higher law for sup- port, the committee are conunt to rely on a fair and libe- ralconstructionofUMfederalConstitution,believinguto be the palladium of our rights, aad toe bulwark of our libertios.Ihe clause of UM Constitution respecting " per toes held to service and tol>or" furnishes aot the i-re. The lauei shape which UMmatter has taken to an snd on every occasion when this question has been abforb any portion of It. 7>, percent; but all of it being collected from tho ira tbariow of a pretext for UM fugitive bill of 1860,His predecessor in office has estimated that UMtax forreneral purposes may be reduced with safety to one millen the dollar, siat eg that there will be no outstanding exports, for 1860, was $006,667,602. This paid a tributeIbe total tax will be as follows;—For general fund 1},' mills, producing s a yFor completioa of canals ; , millFor fenrol tax ?* millKcr (uteres', oa S12,CCO,0CO debt X millFor m l and sink g lund of $2,600,000debt >i millera) Fund of ,With a tax for Oie School i'und ofWith a tax for t t e $2,500,000 debt ofThe tax for tbo interest on the $12,000,000 debtwculd be made contingent on the revenues, say1 j.'4)Amill. ""error.The simple remedy is for the L*gtolature to undo whathas been done amiss; and having learned wisdom from tho past, with prudent counsels in the future, all may yet be wellAll which ia respectfully submitted.ROBERT DENMBTON, Comptroller.Maine bas fcrbkld*n sll State officers from sactoting is the capture of fugitive atoves, and dented UM aa* ef her supeiseded the statute, aad w s BOW nave no annual re- A PEBSONAL tlBEBTY BILL RKCOJOtKKDED FOB NEW jail* and praonalor any each purpose. Vermont, Michi-port as such from UM Commtoaioaers of the Canal FundastoUMmanagement,superintendence, improvementsnd state of UM fund. The lata Comptroller In hto report 2ite, regard!*** of color, aex, or coaditioa. arasea-from tbat day Messrs. Hatkett and Holmes acted ex does not give much information on UM subject of canal DOSSER— FBRSOSAL LIBERTY BILLS IN OTHER usctu,tal856,raaaed a very agectaal towtfth* tawMrequiring UM vast tonnage pasting trom UM great lakes to bars sustained for the aaaj of geojda pcrty transported upon said road coming from any place ' ' ^ l " ' y - ~ , " 7 r j 3 Qmaacl"of 'the Board by his the AUantlc Ocean through our ajtste, to contribute to our1 *&*****by-— **sT^g. Iret tnp of the s^- tfaoiixcdud rtqutrithatthe*r"jFvTM •_jj_' > . J -veie aot a* raft atcanal revenue tolls sufficient fo restore thoae reventics to satInst the excise taw ttcir terns* tacreasing ametmta.It to aotttto design of tiMComptroller togolnto a dis «*fa?XjB quautkm BB the great wtodom or tho 7th srticie of me constitution, bat only ta say that It contains a valuable system of finance, which, if fairly adminiftered, wouldTe iria?he?o1d* * * "* °"^ » " "•* **>»l pile t w h amount afit again* Ohiaa*. stoce April lest, the date, wbareouy of Vtm Oaanx^otrweaKh. aad afl uiniaasiaj ef each ce raid oat of (he pabfie treaauryTfiease of ahand county Jaito, aad a* buftetaas bilimataf to 'Ber rawa^wrBrWdaaUcitieeat aad offoers ef thg StatehasJo^ed^apd'."were" u!ecoalit or any cfbcf ttljwnwJOBgoMofibilMltasi defied, v ^ t a e ouleet the blackesBt, ^Rftfe"irtu5? wwl?hite virtue, hitauai-revenuesexceptinUMcheerless statementsummedup oa the 16th page, that tbe canal debt "sinking fund ia hopelessly destitute of revenues, preaaat and prospective."TheAuditor'sreporttosenttothelegislature bythe Commissioners of UMCanal fundi but tbe Auditor claims itashisreport,sndexpresslysays,"thatittoaottobe understood tbat any suggestion* made by him, or any of ibe deduction* or conclusions drawn from the facts stated or sssumed, have tbe sanction of UM Oommtostonora af the Canal read."ButallhonortotheAuditor,htostatementofUMoondi Uoa of the canal revenues and remarks thereon are very full. We learn frost the Auditor's report that UM (tattled policy of UMState, stecelWl, has Mnded to diminish UM revenue* of the canait, dry up tbe sinking funds and throw the whole burden of replentoblng them on taxa- tion, under the 6th section of the 71h article of the ooaatl tatlon.fit other words, UM o'd canal policy of requiring andexpecting the canals to maintain themselves and pay theirdebt and Interest ba* been abandoned, and a new policyhas been psngurated of ooilocttng UM moat of that debtand interesi by dhreot taxation froaa UM people. In opposltton to this policy the Comptroller desires to bring ta the d T ^ ^ * c L ^ l ! r t ! j . , I**"** Woechedcharacter,whichWMvetoedbyOoreraorOardtaer,and immediately parsed agattvorer hto ve^oJfcya vote of SBccBUderaUBM of the Ataembty ttw oanslltulteaal policy of& J ^ £ 8 & ^ of ua, peutto-a before the committor:—fckaii ibe •oil of the *apue Stale t* longer polluted by then L r e a a ^ . a j s B M f i s m l , . BaaMdegrade and«BlweBBaBBsuujB**»Ssrtares, UseimeVreuSk as ~*"tagsalHtoBBBtette from Irouhhoc* 0*rknmthto State It te pTOrided that i f a fagitve*V!aTffie?tawtog table 1, n TM ^ ' * ^ TM * ' ^ Untitled Documentinipi ieona-en's im " csaritt* s af our reltiKfix ttfifi, afigwtBg the aWuty of the casate to pretrac :$• the a t t a ^ r h t s S : -0 . jTbiaMOB, aad espartoao* afterward samatwsratad that the r* veaseasfthe aaaato,geaaerhj,earedtor,weeJd her* worked out the object of to* Coaventtee, But lb* proce** of rscuctsg the tell* aad dlmtoaejBf UM revenue* of thebehah*afher46.0COeoteredcrttevae,whoseBosrtyto-tos* in which defaults wars opened" by order of 'public creditor* forbade their diverrioa. Tbat sltbougb periled by an nnjust snd despoac tow of the Uattod _topaythedebtoftbe caaato;anathatgood faith taUMthe <tovrt, goaaeat or otherwise. It would ofas alteration in the rates of tel< may set have been pro - 3,406,600 whit* otttaree, who/by tee aaaaa taw, are re*The balance of the morning asatlnnwaa taken up Inpresenting petitions, reporta of committees and introducingbill*. AaBmUUaibe.rofremooatraoes*werepresentedagainst ceivedbyfatmsatonatedtoaasveregeofgghieachesse, ta'nedtbesoonertheirample «venueswill aeieuanlocked UM peerage Ooff tbe Senate Omnibus Railroad bill. It tonggeatodbyanumberofUMmembersthatthenameslathebUl be itrkken out. and that the New York City Di-rectory lor 1800 be Inserted laitead.And In I860 waaTotal In two yearsTbe tonnage of all tbe rajtroada in the State was in$232,600,000 Atribute of onesndahalf percent nathisvaluewillTotalfrom tolto sayWants tor superintendence, collection and re-pairsWants for enking fund under 1st sectionDo. d o . d o . 2d sectionWants for interest on 812,000,000 debt underthe 3d sectionWants for Interest ar.d sinking fund on the $?,-TotalState purposes being reduced tbe next year to 1?„' mills,Theamcunfoftaxwillhave to be Increased asnewworks increase, The whole amount may as well be fullyeuted and considered. This is alike due to you and to terest be psiil by taxation on the whole peop'e? Or, In allowing slaveholders, visiting or pasting through our tbe people we represent. 1-et it be well understood, otherwords,thai!we have a fourmill tax.orshallwo State, to hold their stove* for nine month*, waatoberasedbydirecttaxation. Willtheoonditionofthefinances authorize the commencement of new worksrHaving all come fresh from the people, will your constitu-ents bear additional taxation r In the opiniou of UM sible for purpotes of navigation, with the railroad tolto ing a stove as property. Comptroller, new worka, however valuable they may be,An unfortunate policy, doubtless with good intentions,shall oura law i*at tUU foreveroreseaw* of the saveI6K w**ieaewter••ranter who eter appealed far aympatinr ai aid. fiaasaadourtFatefrom tbe dee*" I Fwsaiv* Rlar* bill ' Xthe toriorta7,*46.876set protect peraoaal liberty, csa protect aeas of the minor rigtut that grow oat of to4. Because tbe provisions of tbe fagttive bill ef 1660,ssexpoundedandenforced bythefederalCimmis turners, in respect to fugitive slaves Tbe Constitution rpeaks of "persons." Bat, aooordtag to tho code of. tavery, slaves are not persons, but things, chattel* It peaks of persons held to ••service aad labor." Bit t'aves are net, by the slave code, '-held to service"—they areare decuu^dvoWLlaw only lacked a few vote* ^ * ^ P ^ ^ t |In New Hampshire, a parsooal Uberty,f r 2 ^the language ofianother » ^ ^ ^ - ^ r t f•StalaBythstewaoftovetheu be arreated, b e shall b e deceased b y fear- B B Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 