 1860.instructive! e position of n-p,fce charg^ ititeleaded breaking t ^ing to speech S a ^cooooa i&M Member* ofhomes, froj^ T3«re*«ypinion in thejls! reaa. These* ccotnpan;icnta a d a p t e dDavis, enatoxs,revolatkmatjjl « the pnblfar treason glas and Jexitinglettera| •f effect waio^ ocbes of thei^ o I>emocrs|q^ mer and F«8> text, by thou-s of rostrumsinvocation w * *.Congress,^ 3 | leans in 1860^ itt ug directlyToe Nodist, looks nn- oebegone this onist, alwaysrobust and served *' his outhroD, gtep- eruinding him.and of their iratoga, Chip. ik of many a oce, and look- •wbo had castthe gtruggfe Iresentativea o£ Jeir coostitaen*le fight, -womasfc was finished*\Conflict, dishonor, and combat wouldtheir b l o o d - passage, with y mien, and ting straightm conclusion, lir, " I say ao> ly time!*' the>Sontherners, till then, hadreted with the> pmwell and hi» Igeh'ill; of Po- saning on theirtto the P^lgruns ;at Banker HJ5L, Nat Tomer,and Bound-' lea, filling the> ror, flitted infe£ Davi8 took ution with all Jbugman atam- hi* "bloody Int, that W 2 - feen wind and.>uthern states- |n tirades npoape PEBIL—-in. 27, 1860. iaformed you »citingdayof it was whis- lcans, enconr-Mr. Smith o f and coneen-.ldtag .the veryit Mr. Winter ^cabling of the (that five or sixtv-Jeraey, "WhO- wouli, on the izardous expe- ith. The vote* aer Democrats it party would uponthesame that Northern the We****11Fem% aod tbtir compeers.W e need not name the strong men of the lastAt tbe Wi iter Garden, "Lesbia," notwithstanding ing of the principal artistf, has not, it seems,drawn to ihe expectations of the maoagecne though the bouses *ave been very good. It will be played.for only two nights. On Wednesday, the bouse will be closed for the rehearsal of Oliver Twist, adapted from the celebrated story of Dickens, by Jo- sevb Jefferson, our American Cousin. It is now some thirteen } eais frince it created such a faror at the Park,STILL ANOTHER VICTIM.—William J. Coey of this cby, wbo was on board tbe train of cars on the Hudson Piver Paibrood which was run into on Wednesdaydig their own - {lacing an Old- £• jker's chair, ledRemaining at dat? Males, 220; Females, 38.•- — r —OWNERS WANTED.—TWo notorious eneak aud haM thieve were arrested in tbe Seven'h frecinct on Saturday after- noon each having an e\«ra overcoat on bis back. Being unable to account for the superfluous garments the two worthies were locked up for examination. The overcoats were sent to the office of the Police property-cletk, at headquarters, where they awak claimants.• » i —fit the idea that Igemal elements redecesswrs bad1. All the Southern Democrats have voted for a splendor around the Southern side of the Hall. kind relative the •loan of $15, leaving with him as ee- <?dthawiogp, as could be deured; but' such as it was, Southern Know-Nothing, when they would never Nor to the more recent period, when Virginia could cuii'y the peltry obtained from Pelog»a. On the wings was made the most of by tbe merry folks that venturedher own rooognizance* toappear when wauted. BURGLARIES.—Tbe hardward store of William M.Bnrrelh No. 819 Fulton street, wa« feloniously ent«re \ <>u Satur- day nlpbt last, and robbefl of cutlery valued at about WW Th« ni.prr part of the building i« occupird as office*, »ud the entry door ik^erefoK left or<-n d-irin* the night. The burglar* tasis^ advantage o< this, bored holes'through the partition dM.Uur tbe Hto'c from the entry, and thns gained admittance, and paoked n-p inch goods as tbey wanted at their leisure. Tbey escaped with-The fanny store of James Emmons, No. 399 Myrtle avenue, was feloniously entered the sanvi nigbt, and robbel of good* amounting te $147 in value. The burglars e*caped.Nr.w HOOK AND LADDIR TRUCK.—-The members of Lnfajettc H00k and Ladder Company, No. 1 recently brought home tbeir new truck, trom tho manufacturer's in New-York. Their former uppvatus, it wi'l be remembered, wa» bu»ned at thedestructionoftheCrvbMPalace. Tnenewtrucki»n»*delomenon called tospbere of the Iwhen Georgia couldcaptivaiing Widow McCabe, and iuutead of giving herto every can-1, "Beware! *^ion; there wasand fro on the explanations'*red that some- that flock of ieoaber8, and *>§icontributed to the National Counsels tbe clear head *tlvt$, submerged tbe Northern Democracy, where of Lewis, and the whole country was electrifiedmand of the now f«ightened Widow McCabe more mo- ney to insure his secrecy. Meantime the wronged Pelo- giawabuponthescentofhermiusingmink,andfinally,eleds for ladies. Little wicker cara on steel runners are provided, in which the fair ones may skim over the frozen surface,impelledbythebrawnyarmsoftheir8th-av., 25x98.9, sold subject to lease, $1,100. •[Advertisement.]CARD.M. WARD CLOBKk Co.. Drnsgh-ts, No. 115 FnH«n «t., dssir©to inform their business fiiends that the damage to tfcom by thefere on tho morning of the 29th Inst, will not interfere with theirbusiness a»i&n»em*nts Only a portb n of their stoolc w»s con-tainedinthebnlldinitdamaged. Tbeywilloccupythe storesoktheir seat* [entered upon *> &TOMPKINS MARKET.—The new Tompkins Market,. gia for the parliamentaryskill of Cobb and the ceitfulCostelio,andetilllatertotheapprehensionofthe theworkuponwhichhasso long been delayed, has One accustomed to look occasionally upon the brilliant vituperations of Toombs, in tbe vengeful fugitive Widow McCabe. Tbe pretty widow and the undergone a marked change in appearance, within the vaunting of Crawford and the empty noise of Gar- treucherouB Costelio weie taken before Judj^e Odborn- past few days, since tbe addition of the framework ofBATCHKLOR'S HAIR DYE, WIG and TOUPEK panydidormmendableservice inreecnin* thechildren. TheFAOTORT, BKMOVSD to 16 Bond-rt Piivate Hair-Dy#ing Reoma. truck Is now again itady whenever occasion requires. BATCHRIOK'II HAIH-DTW~O EtWABiwaiunrx removed te *observer, .th» id responses, ith was *eei»-ican v,ote, vwtk jpublicans fron» larger propor-;ythan on *°f;d tbe inevitablesl heads on &* of tbrees^andiultatioo, *kile- »iti>n to asccr' >b»ble bearing**with that baa* kt indescribable*'House of Representatives for the past twenty years, is impressed with certain marked differencethe roof. The covering will be ah immense arch, giv-No. 16 Bend-st. Private entrance for Ladies «[Advortiawnent]CouNTERrEiirs.—A youn/? man named Charles Par- dell was arrested on Saturday night, for attempting to pa*» a $* bill on the Bank ot Mount Uody, N. J., at the store of Goo*aew o u l di.mmained Allen of Ohio, Ilolmaa and John G. Davis of Indiana, and Adram of New-Jersey, out of whom to get tbe necessary three. But the game was blocked,andSmithwasdefeated; f«r, the Repub-property, in all valued at. ^20 carried away. Subsequently, a pied, rot filled, by the flppant, pbant, vaunting of tbe letterh Pelogia G'inzkoi. It appears from the tleman, but once more a rambling philosopher wished; man nnmed Henry Duffy sold tbe identical robe to Mr. Charles Lean of No. 136 Went Thirty-Ninth-street. The robe was re- McCJemand, we pas* on to note changes on the statement of John Costejlo, who is implicated in the all hands the complimentf! of the season and a power cogi.iz^d by Mr. McCorm<ck, who, with the assistance of Mr.•-ueed in lieu of it, torn down. . »-point without blushing to Stevens and Archer;when S«.uth Carolina was made respectable by Mc- needful Bnt here the Hibernian proved false to the seiee. That ease and fluency of motion, which comesDufiie, Legare and Pinekuey;boast of Wayne and Wildo; when Tennessee was, tbe money be put i'. in his pocket, aud returned to her the only merit of the Skating Pond, as the bright,eyt s, pTond of Polk, Bell and Peyton; when Alabama with ihe story that two viyil&ot policemen had met tbe glowing cheeke, and elasticity of step, of thosefHouse whom New-York has letained in this. Theplaces of ihose left at home ate worthily filled bynew members, of whom doubtless Reynolds, Conk-ling, Humphrey, Sedgwick, Beale, aod Spaulding,bri^g hither the most professional at>d forensic rep-utation, but whose colleagues .have qualifications wiib Miss Cusbman as Nancy Sikes, and Burke, tbeToe attentive salesman here intimated that be wouldmake out a bill of the purchases, to which the philoso- evening, the 19th inst., died on Friday evening at Tar- pher replitd that it was a good idea, as he should like rytown. Tbe d'tcea-ed was injnred in a oaoBtshockiugIM*•prepare d to depart.\vof practice, ie'making itself manifest.Sales of Real Estate at auction, Jan. 28, 1860, byAdrian H. MuUer.—l lot north side of 4l»t-st., 825 feet vrest of out detection.•which always indicates intense feeling* and often presages coming events. •After a bttle coy new and hesitancy, so natural andbecominginmen~ho were about to tase a leap in the dark, d u c t a l whether th>yw«re to landonabedof «*e-oraledgeofrocks,the Democratic stampede commenced In the twinklingof an eye, ascore of the bolder spirits prepared forthe exodn*. The more wnsitive generally gaverather W»«Mr snd n»na»y quite unsatisfactoryseasons for abandoning Bocock, MiDson, Lamar, audtheirothertnedwxtwen,forthisNorthCarolioa-K n o w - N o t h i n g - Old- L»n«- C«o%ervative- Natio ual"Whig- T ^ XDOT^ 8eo8i«>le m*d* short work of theand the discomfort of his solidary auditor, the o<v>u- psnt of tbe Cbair. We detest those desks; we like these benches. They compel members to face the business in hand; snd if theHousewillstill further copy ihe Eogl'sh Commons by introducing coughing,scrapingoffeet,andiron-calcheers,the days of forensic bores, dunce*, and donkejs, will be numbered.Tbe turbulence of the House instantly arrests the attention. Pioverbially tbe most stormy deliber- ative body in the world, the present Congress sur- passesabit*>pi>dece-sor8indisorder. Fornearly eight weeks it has been in a chronic chaos. Obvious causes, sggravated hy the indecision, not to saysolid attainments by such inanities as \ JbTin P . ^the'regiilarifiSjie and supplyJof tbfrt-paper^ The fire; Barnee ordered biswife to go into the house. At thisdisagreeable job, by simply requeating that their imbecility, of a Clerk wbo haa no aptness for pre-retr* be charged. siding, have produced this wild uproar, which finds The struggle now became interesting. The Sen- i»8 only parallel in the " irrepressible conflicts" of ate adjourned, and its members went over almost Tammany Ha)l and the Ga»rii»oi'ian Conventions ateumrd a melancholy gloom. No exception to the pro- ing the Snb-Comm Ittoes to commence work as early asedges- Mr. Daniel E. Sickles bad just gracefully*' caved" and gone under, w>en Mr. John Coch- "Look upon its counterpart in the XXXVItb Con-ma'e8 and 59 ferhalee. Tbe principal diaea*es are con- sumption, of which 22died; convulsions, ihf*ntile, 13; BcarJet fever 18; convulsions, infantile, 8. Under one year of age, 31; natives of the United States, 111; of Ireland 14, Germany 12, England 5, and Sco*r land 2. • ,» — —GRACE CHURCH, WILLIAJISBUROH.—^There standsin Coneelyea street, near Lorimer, in Williamsburgh, abandeome and comfortable Free Episcopal church, ever which presides as pastor the Eev. Alvah Guioe. From a report lately published by the pastor, we are furnished with some facts regarding the establishment of this chnrcb, which, while they show what the energy and perseverance of one man can do, appeal directlv to tbe sympathies otall persons, of whatever denomiea- tion, wbo are interested in the establishment o' free churches. In 1853, Bishop Wamwright desired to col- lect together a congreation of Episcopalians iu tho Toird Ward of Williambburgh. For this purpose, Mr. Guion was selected, and he accordingly took np hia •reMdence there wi*ih bis family, at a distance of two miles from 'he ferry, in a locality having a laboring population of about 18,000. He hired a couple of rootas in Lorimer street, and there preached for tbe first tione to a congregation of fi^e persons. He also commenoed a Sunday-school with one scholar. Having thus made a coromenc*ment, Mr. Guion proceeded to solicit sub- ecriptionsin the neighborhood forthe purpose of building a new church. Many New York and Brooklyn peop'e also being solicited to contribute. A lot of ground, 75 feet by KJO, was finally donated, on condition that a cLurcu worth $5,000 should be built thereon. Mr. Guion then drew up the plans forthe church, and found! a huiWer who was willing to undertake the task of erecting tbe «di6ce, on condition that tbe rector should n-ake bimtelf individnally liable for all bills. To th»s Mr. Guion acceded, and the work was commenced. Ia 1856 the work was completed, aod dedicated by Bishop Potter. Meantime the pastor had not been idle, bofc had proceeded with bis collections, till shortly aftertbe dedication the Church was entirely paid for. Itishovr a ueat and comfortable Episcopalian Free Chnrch* -rai- ned at $13,000, nnincumberf d by debt, bavin*? a con- gregation numerous enough to fill every p e # . Ia therane took the floor, and in a speech of ten minutes urged his col«eigues to staod firm, and bravely fa- cing thewurge, said: " Thus far, butno farther!" The exbort»tion and tbe edict were alike u- heeded. The tide still poured on, bearing down T om Florence, JMcCleinand, and other sturdy champions of our adopted citizens.At length it was' announced that Smith lackedgress I As one sees tbe halting Clerk decline to entertain motions that tend to disentangle theMurray, Twen<y-»ixth; B.-A-. Albertaon. Cwenty-nixth.FHOM PTBAMBOAT PQHAD: S G. Forbes, to nineteenth; R.but eight changes more to elect him.sends up a dying wail aod cosappe&rs.changes, and the work is done! Barrof New-York—what will his Irish boys say to that 7 Barr stood lingering, shivering on the brink, and feared to launch away; but said he was ready to leap into the g»»lf, like that otDtr Roman, when his plunge would elect Smith and save tne country. Vallac- digbam said ditto to Mr. Barr. Ho was ready to commit suicide at a moment's notice. Morris of Illinois, bold and bluff, tried to »tem the current which was sweeping theN-orfb-Wtstera Democracy to perdition- He »a»d he wouldn't vote for Mr. Smith until be declared his opiuions on SquatterSoveieignty and a Sla*e Code.The battle was beginning to look doubtful, when Mr. Hickman, who had withheld his vote on the regular call of the roll, now recorded his name forJohn Sherman. Mr. Smith, who had been sitting on a rear seat, « en>ingl> half frightened out of his wits, and actually loosening his cravat to facilitate his breathing, now rehired to the cloak room, and was spet*dily followed by a dozen Democratic mem-bers.• only know that several gentlemen were immediate-ly thereafter vociferous in declaring that Mr. Smith had given them satisfactory assurances in re- gard to h's opinions on such aud such questions, and was "all right;" whereupon some of the weaker and more reluctant brethren caught at these straws and wenc down with the tide^—Mont- gomery and Pendleton and Howard among the restIn fact, it is obvious to observers, that, in pro-portion to numbers, the weight of intellect, ofstatesmanship, of character, from the SlaveholdingSrates, jests with the South Americans of theXXXVIth CoDgTess, rather than the Democracy.Of the old members of this class, Winter Davis, spread before him matchless coats of broadcloth, andbreechesofdoeskin,shirts, flannels, and gloves, we wa«tocallat.variousstoresandcderabarrelofflour, Harris, Gilner, Hill, and Vance, and, io the new, need not stop to depict. Suffice it to eay, that the in payment for which be -orould offer one of the forgedW e cannot say what transpired there.W eBill English Seven moreThe Middle' States have wisely kept in the national forum Grow, Hickman, Morris, Sherman, *been doing for a couple of hours, whenever some Stanton, Wade, Bingham, and others doubtless strong swimmer, after buffeting the waves awhile, whose names slip from the memory; while she has gave up the ghost and was borne out of sight. And added to tbe list tne marvelous Corwin, the saga- now Mr. John Cochrane again took the floor, cious Pennington, the experienced Stevens, with whom we may couple the names of Campbell, Mc- Knight, Moorhead, Hutchins, Guiley, andEdger-—the galleries and floor applauding, as they hadand, disclosing the fact that his objections hadbeen charmed away by au assurance from some-body who h«d had an interview with the gentle- ton.short a time in' the city that, its name had One oft.be gentlemen, desiring to pay tbe fares of the the salary of the pastor down t<j $100 per year. Ofmade no impression on his mind. Had bo any money five wbo were with him, handed to one of tbe others course, he will be' obliged to leave tbis important andtame lapse of memory—the name of the partic- friends should c me forward wi^h private «ubscripti<»as~ ular bank was a void. He also enjoyed the intimate the stage. Soon after, the Jehu commenced thampiag to aid the congregation in mppoitfng the Pa3tor. Thejnan in the cloak room, he went over to Mr. Sm th, Following the star of empire to its home in the amid enthusiastic cheeTs from floor and ceiling. North-West, we again welcome from Indiana Col-acquaintance of many bankers in Wall street and else- on the roof of (bi8 vehicle, and demanded four more fares. On inquiry, it was then ascertained that thewhere, tut could not exactly rememher their numbersand siyies. "You can't have those clothes without party of five, had piven the driver five cents, pocketed SUICIDE IJT TAKING ARSENIC—A married worn\n,paying for them," said the clerk. " But I need them; the quarter and stepped ashore. For a small swiadler named Catharine Smith, residing in Van Brunt street, can't get along without them? Puiioaophy de- with excessive impudence, that, chap is an "A" No. 1. near Sullivan, committed suicide on Saturday nurht lastTwo or three others followed, when the pages brought the report from the Clerk's desk that &Xjcrith was elected by one majority !, And now, see the tall and graceful form of him whom the Republicans had so steadily supported for seven weeks, and who had not cast a vote for -Speaker during that long and anxious period, slowly ri-ong, snd, with cool d*mea6orand calm voice, «a?, '*Mr. Clerk, call m> name!" Instantly comesgentleman who bad offered to pass up the fare for the1 r-the stentorianchallenge,' J o h nSherman!" toto their audiences, whoEe comfort will be much in- createed by the cnange.sophic principles, declined ditrobing, and again startedMrs. FdgewoUh became alarmed. an<l ioqatrfae at a dr->e store, arceitained that the powder she had given wasar>enib The child di*d in a (-ho t time from the effects of the do«e. The Coroner'swhich, in firm tones, he gives back the responie,"Mr. Corwin!" Yo<i m«ght have heard a pin loquacious Mr. Bisbop fleeiog before- tbe Anti-to go. Remonstrance and threats -were in vain. Buthere the proprietor, Mr. Cathcart, who is no plaything Jmy returned a verdict of "deah f'om arsenic accidentallyi Pennington. :"ieleik, speedily disburdened him of-bis conventional at-tire, till the man again stood in the. costume of theAdami»e age. Not one whit dismayed, the latter calm- juiingbimijiternally A verdict in acenriance with the raotswithout hesitation. Morn* of Illinois made a lame to inter bim in tbe BufjWo Post-Office. But we can- apology for stultifying hmi*el£ Poor Cox, after not stop to hunt op aja the killed aud wounded of thetIJecomp on campaign. Dropping our cjpr^ssononly 18 years old, named Elizabeth McCabe, was ar- on tho l>°d5 ©f Joseph Fitzierald. who was almost instantly took time to cool down and gradually acquire anadmir- killed on Patui<?oy, in cons»qnenee of fa'Hog from the first <Wrrested on Saturday night, in the vicinity of the Five aiion for one who could so simply and earnestly to the bafement of store No. 96 Hlff s;reet r>ec.ea»ed was about 4<»y««arH old and a native of Ireland. A verdict of ' accidentalPoints, by-Officer Gourdon, charged with having carry his somewhat radical principles into every:day death" was rendered.stolen a 1nr victorine and moff and a hat, in all valued life. Impressed with this feeling, he refrained from at $15", from a Polish Countess whose name cannot bo tending for the policeman on tlfe corner, and the un-uttering a dying farewell, al*o went under. The Republicans were yet in peril. It required 115ALLEGED BURGLAR, ARKKPTED.—Tho bakeryT of William H. McCormick, No. 49*1 Eiabtb-avenue, was bnrg ari-given him their voices, Mill ward of Penusjrlvaoia would have deserted bim, and he would then have kcliedOM5(;/ane/t«ion.'I t w a s sailing very near the wind, though I Two or three things now occur to us:yielding the supremacy in tbe House to its Northern pertaining to the Countess IMogia, whereat Pelogia at tbe Central Park," and for the past two days that opponents. W e don't refer to early times, wheu became irate. The embezzling Widow McCabe sought delightful Winter resort has been thronged by the Macon, Gaston, Randolph, Lowndes, Clay, Cal- theater in the convenient domicil of her frieud Costello, masculine and feminine devotees of that most glorious houn, Grun<iy, Barb*.ur, Hamilton. Poinsett, Rives to whom she confided Pelo^ia's furs, and desired him and health-giving of all winter sportp, skating. Too and Forsvtii, shed a halo of mental and oratorical to hasten to hie nearest "uncle" aud obtain from that ice has not been quite so smooth, after tbe late rapeat-Discharged, cured or relieved.. 2715 42 95 258Joarph MrAtw with a knife- It *^etn«that Mc A ee was In the habit of calling st ber house. No. 150 ^jytuouih «treot, and kl«»»- ing np a row. On tbe occasion complained of *h» determined to pnt htm ent, and did SA by means of a knife, with whio 1 she in-all vo*e for a Northern Democrat.2. T o prove that they are not "sectional," thethe entiie Sooth has voted in a body for one of their own men, while the "sectional" North. has been divided.3. A portion of our friends have, by a hazardous " experiment," which came near eugutjing Uiem-of avaricious love flew the Emerald Inlander to hia upon it. A very marked improvement begins to bethey now flounder in disgrace.T B E REPRESENTATIVES' HALL, AS SEESW AIHIXNGTOK, Jan. 27, 1860.with the eloquence of Prentiss of Mississippi.W e refer to times nearer our own, and say thatFROM THE GALLERY. jProm an Oecodonsl Comopondeot.Smith, Garnett, Leafce, and Pryor; as does Geor- son in the Bowery.. Tbii led to tbe detection of the de-•[ Advertisement^ -.-ftuperabundant emblazonry.The change which first strikes the spectator i * even of her wooden-headed Clingman. South Car-market was ready for occupation, and that great eye- COLUMBIA COLLEGE.—-The eemi-annual examina- sore, tbe row of hideous shanties just opposite, nowtion of all the classes in Columbia College will com- mence on Monday, Feb. 6, and continue until the 13th The exhibition of declamation by the students will take place on Friday morning, the 17th, at 10 a. m. ThenewtermwillcommenceonMonday,Feb.20.the absence of the desk', on which memberB, ac-cording to immemorial prescription, used to frankdocument*,writeletters,or gracefullyrepise theirfeet while gazing atthelsdies'gallery,theoratorolina has substituted feeble Mr. Ashmore for her robust Orr, and has exchanged tbe political philos- ophyofRhettforthesopbomoricalshamsof Keitt; while the Democracy of Tennessee,having sent Andrew Johnson to the Senate and Frederick P ..SurrosED MUROER IN DEPEYSTER STREET.—On» [Advertisement.]w—•shouts for vengeance in the overhanging galleries !the urbanity, dignity, impartiality, and calm courage of Quitman. These five gentlemen are an inseperable loss to their "section;" »hey are a serious loss to the whole House. They were lead-.in invisible belts, swiftly to be exchanged for clothes To THB TwBKTt-MXTH PBKCIXCT: A. McPberaon, Ninth more befiiting the coming man. la he walked, re • Precinct: Tbomas Wallace. Thi'dt Thoma» Biaelow. Third; John Di>nr>, Seventeenth; Chorles Shearer,' Fourteenth: David living the hopes snd. activity of the dapper clerks. Files. FJfrh; W. C. Haven. Sixteenth; A. B. Mooney, Twonty-Nor were their surmises far at variance from f*ck. j In fi»st; J. Sheridan, Eiffnteenth; J. Gallagher, Fourteenth.To THK STKAMJTOAT SQUAD: R, W. Smith,Twenty-nixth; A.dilemma and give tbe House a Speaker, he longs ere, and they had followers who would listen to for another John Quiocy Adams to ris*, as in tae their counsels, aod dared not violate pledges madefew and straightforward pbraeee he informed the one who tpiang td«mett him that he was a returned Cali- fornian, in reed of a presentable euitof clothes; hefamous New-Jersey case, and summon order out ofchaos, by stating his own motion, and in response tbey have left no substitutes behind them.B. Quackfnbons, to First: Joseph Hask, to Eighth.FROM TWENTY-SIXTH PRKCINCT: J. Olden, to Second; J, H. Convan, to Eighteenth: D. S, Clark, to Fourth; R, Anderson, to .had lately landec from tbe steamer; he came to study Twentieth; J 'Wiiiiaros, to T*nth; J. Lawrson, to Sixteenth;to the taunting demand; " Ah ! but who will put it " to tbe vote ?" instantly reply: " I intend to do it "myself!" This scene, so instantaneous in itseffect*, so dramatic in its incidents, is freshly remembered- In the twiiikling of an eye, the usurping Clerk sunk to the condition of a hireling scribe, and the House assumed the conduct of its own proceedings, and became a deliberative assem- bly.But the most marked change between the past ard tbe present, and especially between this House and the last, is in the relative prepooderance of in- tellectual power among the Republicans and their Democratic opponents. We will first notice the former. New-England retains many of her ablest representatives, as for example—and we only men- tion a few as specimens—Washburn, Morse, Mor-the ways of the metropolitan world—to know " man's exil and bis virtue;" as a preliminary to successful philosophic investigation, a fit-out from Cathcart's had seemed to bim the tbinjg."With what glowing sympathy the salesman enteredMichael Barry, to Fifth. ' • .ARREST OF A FORGER.—Officers Pike aud Lyons of the 8*venth Precinct, on Friday night arretted a man named Pet<>r B. ,Fol<w>m, formerly a clerk iu Tread- vce>rHbal{ery, in Front street, who ia charged withrrill, Tappan, Dawes, Goocb, Thayer, Bufliogton,Burlingame; while she bus imparted additionallearning, ability, and vigor to her ranks, in thepersons o» Adams, Elliot, Train, Edwards, Delano, its magnificent scenery, and the powerful act-Brennan, wbo committed bim for examination. If there are others wbo have suffered in a like manner, tbey would do well to call at Essex Market and see if ihey can identify the prisonersas valuable, to meet the pecul ar exigencies of their position, as the possession or stores of legal lore and superior talking talents.half-brother of Jefferson, as the Jew. The cast at the Winter Gaiden—Matilda Heron as Naiicy £ikes, Jor- dan as Bill, snd Wallack as tbe Jew—is one ol extra- ordinary bireoptb, and appears specially adapted to bring out the peculiar qualities of each of these artiste. We predict for it a great run. Mr. A. H. Davenport and Mr. Jefferson go to Boston this week to. play a ehort engagement whh Mrs. John Wood.At Lavra Kee-ne's there is no diminution in the crowds drawn by 'The Heart of Mid Lothian " The piece worst smoothly, ano the public are delighted. In consequence of the temporary illness of MiesDelaud, tbe part of tbe Queen was done three nighta last week by M»s. Maik Smith. «:At JSibto's some new features will be added to the already excellent circus programme. Houees here have been ovejflowing.At Wailuck's "Tbe Romance of a Poor Young Man" has been suxeesful, acd is settled for tbe week. The Museum gives " A Husband to Order" unci!Tbu-sday, when " The Octoroon" will be produced. The Bowerys rejoice in " The Octoroon" and otherpieces of e me'odram^tic character.Mr. a7,d Mr». Varidcnfwff'have been enabled to cn-p*ge tle upper ball Of Hope Ciapel for their la t livemer suggested that a transfer of some of the supposed- Bicians, bis son, and a brother-in-Iawl Coroner Griffinto- exist double-eagles would be desirable. Thereupon of Sing Sing summoned a Jory, and viewed the body the latter, as if roused to a new idea, stated that his of deceased, after which the investigation was adjournedmdney.was not with bim, but, if the former would till Wednesday next.. send over to bis hotel, he would meet his wishes. On30 couple have been united in holy matriw/bny; and 81 funerals have been a'tended. Since ^he ,e6t»mence- ment of the Sunday School, 622 scholia hare been re- ceived ; at prebent, the School numbers 16 teachera an* 2C5 scholars. Until May. 1859, tiie Trinity Church allowed $300 a year to the Rectof of Grace Cbarcb, Willianisburjih, but. at that period it was drecootinned.This, wi«b other reductions from ^ P a s t o r a l Aid 80 A-efy and Miet-iondry Committee of the Oiocese, brinirsfax, Wilson, and Case; Washbume, and his three able associates, from Illinois; Washburn and Pot- ter from " Woody Wisconsin;" Curtis of Iowaj while of. tbe new membeis we recollect Dunn and Pt.rer of Indiana, Kellogg of Michigan, and Aldrich and Windom, who so gallantly won the fight in young Mnnesota. Two tames are missed from tbe lifct of Western members, and they are among the ablest that adorn it—Howard and Blair. Theywill be enrolled ote Congress adjourns.Turning to the Northern Democracy, we seesubject is worthy 1 he attention of the numerous wealthy Episcopalians in Naw York aod Brooklyn.Ccnnte&s Peloyia, at No. <>f>5 Houaton street, where power and parliamentary skill! For many years she became acquainted witti Pelogia's victorine aud'•licans knew that Adrian would not vote for Smith,while,even had theotberthreeabovenamed pasttheSouthernDemocracyhasbeengradually muff,andfinallyab«*condedwiththesaidarticlesap- ballisup,"oncemorethecarflag*tellof"*skati>g'NEW-TOUK HOSPITAL.—Weekly report to Jan. 27, cutcd to some coo.bustible maU-ri«L I860. 8urgio«iMedic»L TotaLBemaining Jan. 20 168 97 265 ST ABBED BY A WOMAN.—Deputy Sheriff Wolvea Admitted to Jan. 27 J .29 18 47 orrrf t-6 Mm Johnson yesterdav on the char«e of ussuhias;of the hour meanwhile rending the welkin of theChamber to the edification of his distant Buncombe, Stanton into exile, tries to supply the loss of their The N. r . Ledger will not in the least interforo.with Mrs. Barnea were quarreling in the street, when Mr..\•«W>4mH * ytr^t^j^^,ptovement, etc, given by PROT. FOWLRH, at the Fbxenologioal Cabinet, No. 308 Broadway, next door to Duwo-stSKC 3. Tbis act thaU not apply to «?»»**^J2 time of ita pasMa*, wt to Mttoms fooaded upoa j g j-.V.. I'•• \. iij.;•MRNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE* MONDAY, JANUARY 30, 1860.iii...« I.i...i„*w,,^.. ..„.., ^*[AdveriisemetrtTWright and Will«am F Avery. .''True, there aie some respectable debaters andtacticiansamorg"tbe SourhernDemocraticRepre- sentatives, and a good many who affect more capa-originated m a neighboring printing-ofllce. T«« Burl*e took offense, and after a fe?v angry words Millions of Bottles of Mrs. WnrsL^r's Soon*. rifO Mntrp are new nt«d every vearin the UnHed fttauw (WILedger .'establibbment was covered by insur'tnee, PO struck Mr...BawB on the bo»d; with a slung eboV ChildrenTe^tMng, with n*verf«aiB« saoeess. RaUeflT^citythsntheyreallypossess.the men of aark'aTe, Mr. Bocock, always respect- able, but never profound; Mr. Phelps, who, follow- ing tbe dictates of his Connecticut sense, ignores negroes and studies finance; Mr. Boyce, atbioker,'ft rens'oner, a scholar; Mr. Curry, who".furnishes brainsfortherestoftheAlabimadelegation;Mr. Lamar, the ablest parliamentarian of the lower Missi8hippi; Mr. Burnett, who exhibits a good deal of shrewd sense, and dogged courage in a close con- test; Mr. Pryor, whose vanity is daily fed by the pleasing delusion that his forensic displays combine all tbe striking traits in the oratory of Richardf.-s^I'•'.:'' ^ ' • ; . ' ;• :i*- >'» ,Ofthesetwoclasses,intHneighborhoodweresonumerousthatMr.Bon-void of customers, and too listless to gossip, the dapper on Friday evening, Feb. 3. The following Commit- Sixth Precinct, on the lots novr owned by the city oa in ma$9e to the Repc> sedatives' Hall. Reporters, tbe Boston Melodeon. On the floor there are Henry Lee, John Randolph, aod Henry A. Wise; ^clerks idled round the counter, or removed tempting tees were named, composed of some of our most Stag? street, in the Sixteenth Ward. Any location iaspectators of i ote, a^d pol'ti«*ian« from all sections excittd harangues, charges of falsehood, hwsiog-hdt McRea, wbo has never discovered that words areheaps or garments from ope place to another, with no .ostensible reason therefor, saye^ that of keeping"tbem-wealthy, public-spirited, and philanthropic citizens:P, Do Peyser, John D. Cluto, CWJos P. Daly, A^ande* H. PtevoeDnBe,. 1>. l>oclt«-y FieJdL Walter Langdon, Lnther Brvlish,that vicinity would be mors acceptable than the present confined quartors. Tne residents'of the Thirteenth Ward, in large number*, hare expressed then pelves dew rous of having ihe Station-House for the Fifth Precinct located on tbe property owned by tbe city adjoining the ojd City Hall, on the corner of FouTth and Son^h Third streets, and it is probaWomof the Union, found ingress upon the floor, and thevituperations, stamping of feet, pea's of laughter, not idfas, and chattering^is nst eloquence; Hous-selves in practice for better times.ton, though stxteen years in the House, has yet to filled every nook of tbe vast galleries and over tbe grasping of dead)y weapons; while the galleries, learn, that he is an incorrigable dullard; and—butflowed into th a. adjourng passages. Some of the •more timid aod nervous Republicans began to feel anxious The six amiaole gentlemen who had " compltmented" Mr. Smith began to show somesigns of uneasinets.Tbe advancing wave bad already reached the-Marats,andRobespierres,itsviolenceandblas- Northern Drtoocracy, and had swept in its oater phemy on tbe floor, and its gleaming dagtjer andDix, Dr Samv-l O«g<?.od, P. B. Mlntani. John O Fate, however, never wholly unkind, sent one Wolfe BobertH. McCpr«»y. Stewart.Broun^CharlesR. Owmnexcitement btcame nteua*. Tue crowd abovewith occasional violent swayngs to aod fro, audcrowded to the brim, here a bevy of bedle* fluunt'ngthe latest fashions, and there a gang of bullies armedto tbe teeth, catch tbe spirit of the scene below, andapplaud, hips, and swear, in a style that woulddisgrace a race-course or a gamblibg-hell Talk of sense of Orr; the skillful tactics and vehement tbe French Legislative Assembly, with its Dantons,etrons:, Bcnj« f»>5n H. Ptcld. John Jwob Astor, jr . Wtllinm Hthe list, of dittos is too long, and we stop. Comparing the Southern Democracy, of thiseoree .House, even with the last, we miss from thit side of the Chamber the robust intellect and manlyPf-v. T. S. Brown«, Benj T» Silllmaa> Benj. R. "Winthrop, Ani»rew VOarHer. M«,rrit Trimble, Benj W, Bonney, John Jay, that this request will be acceded to.Uncle Simpson in the Bowery, where he obtained the apparent, in tbe movements of the skaters of bothAnd this is notb?rn in the Bowery and taken from him Pelogia's pet who frequent it, fully attest. A new source of enjoy- Jx 1ries. Ann the impudence of Costelio led him to de- ment has recently been introduced, io the form of iceViiginia Democracy finds a poor substitute for with tbe assistance of the police, succeeded in running gallants, as they fckate along behind. Drumgoole,McDowell,Jones,andHunter,inBilly themtot-artbhrtheaccommodationBhopofUncleSimp-.who committed the foionioue pair to toltary ceil'iNoa 128 and 180 William-st., andbereodrto execute orders *M in the best style, and is agreat improvement on the old one. inrell. North Carolina recently had her Williams,between the present assemblage and its predeces- her McKay, and ber Shepperd in the south wing of sounds of tbe incarcerated Widow McCabe'8 loud are now actively employed in the various departmentssors, whether sitting in the Old Hall with its stately pillars, lofty dome, and generally grave aspect, or the New, with its flashy panels, tawdry ceiling, andhe capitol. Not to speak of Stanley and Rayner —for they were Wbigs^—and excepting from the ist respectable Mr. Winslow, her "present Demo- cratic Ruffins and Craiges sink below the standardwrtlin tfce Tomba, whence now issue the dolefu' ingthebuildingaveryimposing exterior. Workmen hirm-ntatkn8. Pelogia, as well as Samivel Veller> of construction and it would appear that completion"I WANT TOBEHEALTHY, WEALTHY, HONOR- Debaucene,InAtlanttostreet.ABLK AND HAPPX "—A Phrenological Examination at FOWLKRk WKLis", 800 Broadway, will reveal vour defects and how tocorrect them- your talents, and how to use them to advantage. ABOLITION or COLLECTION L A WS IN WISCONSIN.—», i w [Advertisement. J Senator Elmore of tbe Wiswnain Legislature has in-LONDON CLUB SAUCE.—This unrivaled Sauce, troduced the following bill, and jpill earnestly urge itsmanufactured by P ARXKR BROS. , London, can be obtained of passage into a law: _ . their ngent In this citv, A. J. P ARKKR, No 15 Beekmin-st. This PKCTIOS 1. There shall hereafter no *oal « ^ « t f o * ° * ^ T f aittole Is • ipe«ior to the Worcestershire Sauce, and oan be ob- upon an> judgment rendered upon aa action t b r ^ ^ ^ ^ r *J tained at one-half the price.money due or owing, hy reason of any contract exp«»**a <* implitd. eiCber for piincipal or costs. - .' ^> . u»ned &KC 2. Process, hi tho nature of final execution, ^ T j ^ J ^ J Sfor tbesolepnrpoVeof re^^iwgto 9^*"^fc&%$Z trvtt. pUdgei.mortgage*, lessee,or^LS^SSSS^ <& ciallien.rponor inures* la speoiflo ^PJ«?^SSL?Ae'J^? andentitledtosuchposseesloaorhen,bytheterms* «*»J»°«-should " bevare o' the viddera."is nigh at hand. It certainly is quite time that theW e understand that tbo fire in the press-room of slung shot by John Burke. It appears that Bnrke andBow to Correct Tbem; tbe Management of Children\ Self-Im* xnent of tne Court. «„„»r»AU to foroo at tb«sUntitled Document- ; • • >.*,»..-(*-....... - .. >• '*""'that the proprietor loses nothing, and theoffioe and inflicting three dangerous* bmide. The iajored man type-settingestablishmentwerepreservedwithoutany "hasJb*enconfinedtohisbedeversiace, andonSI-OT-BROOKLYNday owning was io snob a critical condition that Coro-nerScbirmorwassentfortomakeauane-mortem ner was more occupied in declining than in accepting examination, at wbi«h time Barnes deposed to the facta tbem.v.?:",;';.-•v:'^''..".'. •'•;('.• as stated above. Burke was arrested at theti me of the oocuiTcnce, and is stiff in custody awaiting theA PHILOSOPHER IN PURSUIT OF CLOTHES.—-Last result of Barnes's injuries.•>'Fricay af<ernoon business was as dull in Greenwich — - . - ; ' »street as on any "blue Friday" of the year. The PURCHASE OF THE ABBOTT EGYPTIAN MUSEUM,— been appropriated by tbe Joint Board of Aldermen fekieswereleadenabove,andthewalkswereplaahy TheCommitteeonEgyptianAntiquitiesof^beHistor- andSujxrvi&orsfor tbepurposoofoonstmctiiig beneatb. As tbe day gTew dark betimes, the ianer re- ical Society have bad a meeting at the house of Mr. V. Station- Bout-ee, one for the Fifth aod the other forcesses, of the stores and warehouses thereabout as- De Poy&ter, where a resolution was adopted request- tbe Sixth Prednct Police. Both the Stkion-Houa«iinjury whatever. The offers of presses from pubd-horsnow occupied by the police of the«e Precincts are in a vailing apathy was visible in the clothing estabiiah- tbe 26th iost, and be ready to report the amount of *ab- disgracefully diJapidated condition: The Cooaujit^eo. ineht of Mr. James Catbcart, Greenwich street. De- having charge of the eoneirnction of near Stuion- ec-iptions raifed at the adjourned Committee meeting Houww have been petitioned to erect that for th«customer to Cathcart's during the interregnum . oftrade. In be walked, long, gauni, audcadAveroua; AvpiBt P«-ltrtont. GeoiB*>_w. ''Tatt Facoi'ton Fi«h, WUliatareasoning o* Stephens; the analytical power andvaluableknowledgeofLetcher;theUrgeexpe-rience and honest obstinacy of George W. Jones; byeea, of isthmial transit, of double-eagles contained lowing transfers:to opponents in their behalf. In this lust particularE«heti3ge, Neh*>n, Moore, i.nd Boteler, justly rank among the ablest men of the House.AB one feels tbe weight of the words which fall from tbe lips of Corwin and Stevens, he can but regret that tie North does not send more such men to represent-her at the Capitol, in this critical period of our national history.CITY ITEMS.,O•checks. As tbe checks were duly certified, no objec- most expensive and dujable quolities were chosen. tion was ma<?e to receiving them aod giving the properBe wished a complete outer and inner suit, aud so, change. On presenting them at the bank, however, it« after choosing hi* underclothes, commenced, behind a w»s discovered that the indorsement of the tel'er was pile of goods, in a.manner becoming a philosophic a forgery, and that the signatures attached were spuri- snase, the process of casting bis skin. Piece by piece, ous. In this manner be had disposed of checks on the tbe unworthy, threadbare robes were laid aside, till the Broadway Bank, City Bsnkr, Bank of New-York, aud man stood confessed io paradisiacal simplicity of cos- Chatham Bank, to tbo amount of about $150. Ou be- tume. Then ensued the process of renewal. Piece by ing confronted with the victims of tbe swiodle he was piece, the new garments were assumed, from flannel and fully identified. Folsma w*8 taken before Justice linen, to the expensive broadcloth overcoat. At length,AMUSEMENTS.—There will be very little change in the bills for ihis week.the customer emerged.' Clothes bad made the roan. .Herr Tenfelsdiock would have rejoiced to see him. .What veas before a myth, shone now " a modern geu- tleman of stateliest port." Then the ancient apparel was rolled in a comely bundle, and the transformedinto the traveler's feelings and wants; how swiftly he havJDg passed several forged checks, varying in amount from $30 to $50. His mannerof doing businessbnj.er showed taste and prudence in his selection. Tbebeing asked the name-of his hotel, he had,quite forgot- ten it; could, perhaps, go to it, but had been s iA P E T T Y S W I N D L E — O n Friday morning a couple of gentlemen, with three ladies, got into a Broadway stage, in which two gentlemen were already seated.\in bank, so that be could give a check? Oh, yes,Alfred Veil, Geoige F«l^om, Jacob Harden, Henry T_Tu^)cer man, O, O Palctend, George n. B_obbtng,.JoHn A. C (Jra-though threadoare and ehoeworn, yet with that quietdipnity of mien, that proud humility, that easy, caaaal^glance, all of which, united, mark the gentlemao, thescholar,'and'.the man of the world. In he walked,with something of .a .foreign aspect, in his careless mun, W. WiigUt Hawks, W. C. Prince.pants and slouched hat, that told of wanderings inthegoldciffaofthePacific.Eldorado,ofjouraeyiugs RegulationsoftbeBoardofPolicehavemadethefol- we;eadults,and87werechildren.Ofthese85fere(*>rropont, the Appleton, R. K. Haipbt, A.M. Cozzens,. WH.-. E2. P£rrepx_ ,George T. Stronp. , FuHiihina Committee—Wm. C. Bryant, Henry T. TuckerBROOKLTW CJTT MORTALITT.—Tbe total numbor of deaths in Brooklyn Jai>t week was 144, of which 57POLICE TRANSFERS—Tbe Committee on Rules andmanner, having sustained a fracture of the right leg,to know their " conventional value." Though not ex-actly comprehending the vast theories embraced in this and otber mutilations, beside being hnrt internally.remark, the former proceeded to his task, and suc- The eeceaeed was a packing-box manufacturer, and didceeded in making out a very extensive bill indeed. business at No. 46 Marion street. Immediately afcer parihb, 118 infants and 9 adults—in all ^"Miayje^af The latter inspected it with curious interest, placed it tbe accident) be was conveyed to the Rovere House at ready beeu baptised: 58 have been confirmed; iaad 1J4 in bis pocket, and again prepared to depart. The for- Tarrytown, where he was attended by the ablest pSy- persons have been admitted to the ho'y cojj&matxion;1,:;.,;quajter of a dollar and five cents, to be passed up to the promising Free-Church enterprise,-nnless the grants oceans of money on deposit; but here arose the driver. The gen'lc-man did so, and immediately left should be renewtd, or nnless «ome other society or„mands ihem; in short, I must have them," said thestranger. Similar colloquy ensued, ending in a veryACCIDENTS AND INQUESTS.—Coroner Jnekroau hel^by taking a dose of ar«»enic. It appears that she seat her two youngest children to a neigbboring drutf-store for the poison, representing that it was foHtfHing ratsf with which the house is infested. As soon as the «hil- drt-n came home, she rook the arsooic, aud, mixing uwith wait r iu a tarnbier, drank it down in one draught. The neighbors soon ascertained what she had doae, aad sent for Drg. Valentine and Newhaus, who expellednatuial request to the stranger to disrobe. Stranger nn Inqnf »t on "a^mday, at «o 539 Canal street, on the body of adeclined. He had aright to a given amount of ap- little giil i.f»m«-d Am«-lla F.dgewortb, who died from the eff»ct« of a tfose of ariieuic administered by ber mother. Tbe little rf'l, it paiel. Cathcart had more than his share. Needjdsti- 8pr>ears. wan nnwell when the mother jjwe her some powdersReadings this week. This will be pleasiug intelligence fied means. He politely, but decidedly, and on philo- which she bad in her pocstt. suppount them t >be a mixture of rhubarb «nd n.ai n<-»ia Per daughter soon beean t* vomit, whenudninirtered.'' ^>n Saturday evenins; while John Bar t e poison, bnt it bad already done its work, and aha A VJEW OF SUNNY-SIOK.—Mr. Kuoed^er (Gonpil & of a man, but as muscular a six-footer aa one often bour, of No. 1S2 Fs?ex street, WJ-B eattnn his sapper, a ni«ce ofLecompton 8torm, aid seeku-g shelter in tbePatent Office; while common-place Glancy Jonos, more fit f«;r a country curate than the chair of tbe Ways and Mt-ans, escapes to Austria. Mr. Hughes sur- v»ysthegeneralroutfromthebenchoftheCourtof Claims; longheaded Mr. Corning makes room beam" at tbe Cooper Inbtituto tbid evening. He shouldfor cfc-ar-sighted Mr. Keynolds; Mr. J. T. Hatch, have a full house.The coalition, though discouraged, still struggled on learning that Mr. /Dean Richmond would not ' • •for vicory. Vallandi«bam plunged into the gap au'owbim to go to Charleston, permits Mr. Buchanan BEvARK o' THE VmDEus.—A dashing young widow, ly resumed his late despised robes, while Mr- Cathcart wa» rendered CoToner lackman held an inq-'e't yesterdaydrop on the floor. Mr. Smith was tied! Tnen the stampede commenced on the other aide. Jud- kin, Scranton, Nixon, Wood, and finally Joy Mor- ris withdrew from Smith, three returning to Sher- man, and one going to Corwin, and one toCo ) has published a photo-litbograpbic view of Sunny- Side, the retidenco of tbe late Washington Irving.ment became lodged in his throat, a»d. although his wifr «uc- di*d in a few hour* thereaf«er. Tbe deceased leavee a••o verdict, of "d»:atb nby Bntf»oonga atton"'was rend*e-red Deceased ' ,i -longer. Springing over the counter, and disdaioiog to was a n«»ive of Ireland, 57 years of ajte Coroner Schirmerseep, and who had listened to the debate in silent, ce«d'e« ir> ex4ractiogit, the nnfortuna'e man died in a short Mme. swifily-growing wrath, could contain himself no Coroner Schioner bel<J an inqwost on the body ye?«erdHy, wh«nyBterdbj 1-eld an inq»est at No. lOSThompson street onthebody Prof. Youmens will commence his beautifully-illus- send for a•" shield" be grabbed the philosopher by the of Jan.f c Rafff rty, aaed 3% w^o died on aatnrdiy from the effectstratedconrteoflecturesonthe"OhemwtryoftheSan- collar,shookhimintothechair,and,withtheaidofa ofak-ckfr<manorcoTeceivedonKrid*vnight rtappearedthsttmthe grave of Harris, the acute, honest, brave House-votes to elect, and Smith had 112; iwhile there re- leader in that glorious fight, whose place is occu- pronounced, but which i« spoiled by a conglomeration abashed stranger, no longer a Fenfeladrockian gen- o"s)y ontered. %f»w r>1(thts since, aod abuffalo robe and otterSouthern wide »f the Chamber.Aidwhat a falling off is hero, in intellectualaffair and also under arre»»-, that ou tbe 18th Lost, the to take broader views of society, and wandered on his I esn. succeeded in arrovtltur Duffy, against whom h« preferred afjiiseWidowMcCabewashoardingiothehouseoftheway. ,"tharpeof burglary. cusedforexamination.Justice Quackenbush committed the ao- •'•.....*SKATING AT THE CENTRAL PARK.—Once more "theMonday night last a fracas occurred at No. 10 Depey- sterstreet,whenThornisH.Barnes, thekeeperof a groceryatthatnumber,wasserionalywounledwithaiTtfDAY.—PRiVATE EXAMINA TIONS with chartshnsband and four children, the eldest nioe years of ago. Sum is said to be the primary cause of suicide.•BURNEDTODEATH.—AcoloredmannamedMoore, dec«-a«.*d owned a "iclons boi8», which was in »he habit of slip- residing on the Bnnterfly Road, was foind iu hiaroom, lying with hie bead in the fireplics, ou Saturday evciing. He hai been sick for four months, and his wife having gone out for some medicine saw bim as above stated on her return, his be*d being almost roasted. I; is supposed that he got out of bed far soae purpose, and falling from weatnees was unable to help himself, and thns expired.NARROW ESCAPE.—Tbe PoKce of the Third Pre- cinct di»co* e»»»d a smoke is«ning from th« foar«h floor of NTo. 306 Bicks s«ic»»t, bi-twt-en 12 and 1 Vciock on Hnndaymortjiuj. and on pomp np *o a>«cpT«ain the c»ns« found the t«M« onfi<-«s,und • WOBI»B aiid cliild nainiid Mc>imujon« in bod nl-ectag th«i room b»-ii.p ibirk with f>moke. TJxcy a»ou'ed t&« woman, and «Xtt*> puisue<i Thp fir*- bcfo-« orncti namag«> was done. Mrs. McHoa- n>onsbadlefttbocandleburningon the table for herhnsba*^ wbo had not vet rvturnrd, and while asleep the flames oommnmi-piris Mfhst'er in tbe s-abl". rOn Fiidav evening deceased had whiip«-d the horse "everelv fo tbig tri-k. and af erward, while at work about th» »tab'e. t^e horse ga^e bim a violent kick, iu-usuoLallrespects. It is beautifully onnum-n ed, and provide iwlrh lanternswhichalonec>stover$200. UpontheUntem**rere- presented the dest-nrtion of the Crystal PaUMse and th« bu< ainjj of School house No, 14. Upon the latter ooc*»»lou, this C>'n-diate wwl certain. Only 25 oeoU a bottle.~-«w-*fITEMS.•1«ECTURK8 OH PHREnocooy.—To-night, Prof«MMrFo-wler cornmencea a course of six lectures in Made* HaU, Brooklyn. ""- ;, v ?;-' -• — —THE STATION-HOUSES—Tbe sum of $16,000 hascoutse of Mr. Guion's labors iu this hew and groari^fr163J. DARRACII, Superintendent. ' flicted a severe pHh in his band. The a-eus«d was released oaandrnllwrittendescriptionsofobwacterandadviceiaregardtothemostAppropriateOccupationsorPurauitainLife,Faidta,andi rnimnui mi iliilMiMl •'--•-- '••, V.&|t*WiL''•'$>*&'**'*y*?^"•~*•^**' '*:f.•.,r'.-A.--r>j^.*^rV*r?'V-*ft. .:'v'-**''' rr,yS*x.'.»^-i'«*«fl-', - f t l f . . M , . , . . . l . ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069r.»c.:^*;-«; v^ riWn!M*'1',/.'i •*".:--••'•• '>•-•.<•• •--•...-> -'•.'•.•-..» \W*A«Ml..> v..iwj v-f—^M- ....„*•;* .,..«..,.(,,,vr -._ -fc, sx. .•K-.H* v«»^,w*V^-*-- • • .•«(^#f*K<* ...,-.W— /*e*^*W—s-, i, ,:V, ':\r.T\jllt:.\,i'r**ii:tp:*<i-*w*-„fv:'*>www.fultonhistory.com.,. -..„ ,,..... 