 V— The Albany Evening Journal says that "Silas' Seymour go^s for Douglas. Mr.. Seymour has not been" a well-balanced bead with a badly-supplied stoma**.'* gays that on the day of the Japanese reception a charm- Then, The Express fays: " Wives become responsibly9.fore the people.Mr. Calhoun of Albany moved that tho meeting takeno further action, and adjourn sine die, and he was warmly seconded by Mr. Murphy. Motion lost.The motion to appoint a Committee by the meeting w a s carried, and t h e following gentlemen named a n d confirmed: Messrs. Duganne, Johnson, Lawrence, Bradbury, and Hasbrouck. .and patriotism. There is not a single political prin- political field, in order that, by tbeir withdrawal, w e*IFinthissuitofBangs,theContractor, againstWhallon, tbe Commissioner, isproof positive or such a state of things. It was proven that Bangs, while a contractor, bad paid Whallon, who as Commissioner had given himthe contract for extraordinary repairs on the G. V . Canal, something like three thousand dollars, which he claimedtobemoneyloaned,andafterWhallon'sdeath tbis suit was brought to recover it back from the estate. Tbe defence was, that Whallon was a' partner in the contract, and received the money as his portion of the profits.The copartnership was proved by several witnesses, among wnom was a son of the deceased Commissioner, who had been in the habit, while his father was living, of drawing pay regularly as an Engineer under Hugh M. Severance, while acting as clerk in a store inTbe same paperis overjoyedtohearthatHisExcel- the some reason, for the planting and spreadingof cueofthefugitiveslave,Nalle,aboutwhomtherewas S'avery. * * .*. .* . I won'.d spread thelency Mayor Wood is going for Douglas. " Tbis set- Wee-riDgs of Slavery, like -the religion of our divine mucn excitement in Troy, a few months ago. Mr. V an-~-had declared thatft Gen. Houston bad been nomruatedat Baltimore he. -would have swept the £ ate againstNEW-YORK »A1LY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, JULY 20, 1860,teaches me tbatj where a man is appointed to a snbordi- ington Stales. H e oeliev? B1o' tbat extent in tfie nn-* wquence of ihe spite and maKgriity manifested toward libitpositionwithnotoriouspeculatingantecedents,or -poi-sibaiiyofMr.Douglas'selection._,.,2 im&v/J.:him. ButtbeydesigntoplafceovertheSouthamanwith strong proclivities that way, a portion *»f «•*«> vw,bs8>«gro blooc^inbis veins. {They put a rene- profitsgotothesuperiorofficer,whogivesbimthe^—Hon.JohnHickmanproposesto'taketheflturmp|gadeSoutherneron^nesideforPresident,for,LthcolnElace. Whetherthiswillbeanexception,remainsto forLincolnandHamlin,andtomakeaWester&tour isaDativeKentuckian,andtfi^ypntamanofcolored massivecup,bearingtheinscription:- £»OLaXi.CaNXO.IN THEHQSLD, •A'rather stultified themaelve^ when they asked the peo-pletocombineandeleva*^tothePresidencytherutb-jess destroyer o f the >ifesonrl Compromise, and the•manwhoopenedthepandora'sbox.andJetloosethethe Times says that when Heenan and Savers parted, tbelatter"nearlythedtears" Amongtbe^eseim> nialswhichMr.Heenanbroughthomewithbiat'isaDEFlABTTLLERY Capt. Maosfi of the City Gm xecentty propot.i.V A -*&»8 4 0 A' FULL ANDMCTHPUL IMPORT.The meeting proseeded to take an informal ballot for Vice-President, with the foliowing result; Eveiett, 6; ScaHucsxcTADY, July 18,1860. R. P . Stockton, 6; J- I*nc, 7; H . J . Gardner. 1. ATHEPEOPLEWUSTOffMOVEMENT. ovilelementsnowabatingourcountry. TbeBemenblood <n the other side of the ticket for Vice-President " This CUP is prrseated by a few EnglisbTjoenvff^v of the United States.,;Ifcle was a sectional Convet- quenters of Mr. J. Prevost's Anchor and Hope Step-—The Republicans of St. Anthony and M'.mjieapolis tion. It;nominated,men upon a sectional principle, ney, in admiration of bis manly and genttemaniv con-THE SCHENECTADYCONVENTION any other man. W e will give them an Electoral ticket^•ni. —,,—* ——— JK# T^Uk *^I ^7 <T^W£VM^^>. 9t*M*£Ktta4*»Ce w * w » * ' « A* ATlDttVl**.immense maul was presented to J&e* Aldrich. \ . ,-|;AspnrsnaneeeCthefollowingeattja meetingx>fcu>MDS, delegates ofHouston Clubs of several oftheMeters eoontiee of New-York, met aore to-day:"Sbo frfcnd* of 0*>n. S a o Houi^n, hi -the State of "Sew. . T««k. «* U*e P«opte*» carxfidate for tbe Presidency, an invited to rttaCoovwnttoa on W«doa^Uy. J»W 18,18S0, at ScWec- b« t » O'clock m., to place in noo&nt&m m Electoral Ticket»9U»e, and «U»o designate &candidate for Vice-Pr»«id«nt, to Oe •*ppor**>d by tbeekcUnincotmectioa with Qen. Hoanton; . *oi for &*• iwrpo*e all Howrtou •Cittb* snd organizations are re-^pxrtfed to now! three dek-^^te*.*'At noon, tho meeting w a s called to order by E- Brambafi Child of New-York, who read ihe call and proposed James L . Adams of Westchester as tempo- rary CBairman, who was chosen.Dr. P . Hasbrouck of Peekskill nominated E . Bram- i * a Child a s temporary Secretary, who was chosen.A . J . H . Doganse moved that a Committee on Per- manent Organization be appointed by the Chair. Adopted,andA.J.H.Duganne,P.Hasbrouck,W. K.Lawrence,I.C.Noble,andJ.Godfrey,wereap- pointed snch Committea. , - - " ' "On motion of P . Hasbrouck, the Chair appointed the Allowing gentlemen as a Business Committee, and to report a n address: P . Hasbrouck, Daniel W ard, and Robert Lowden.O n motion, adjourned to meet a t 2 o'clock. A&2 o'clock, the meeting reassembled.'The Committee on Permanent Organization reported be following as officers:Gen. John 8 . Van Rensselaer of Albany, President; Daniel Bradbury of Ulster, James L . Adams of West- •ebester, Robert Lowden of Queens; A. P.Solenof Schenectady, and J . A. Durbin of Erie, as Vice-Presi- dents; E . Bramball Child of New-York, W . P . Bur-hans of Ulster, and £ . D . Cummings of Westchester, as Secretaries.Mr. Duganne and Dr. P . Hasbrouck were appointed • conduct the President elect to the chainGen. Van Rensselaer, upon taking it, addressed the meeting, avowing his partiality for Gen. Houston, although havivg participated in the Convention that . ncmxcated Bell and Everett, and with twenty-nine ethers from New-York voted for Gen. Houston as thereal choice of the Union men of the State of New- York. Gen. Van. R- compared Gen. Houston with Gen. Washington, and said he was equally deserving with him of the regard and directions of the people of the United States. • ."DEARSIR: Ireceivedyournotethismoment.lamclaims,"Gcdsaveusfroiinanyfurther alliance! Let themanswereacbtobfe ownconstituents,astowhat ideatheyhavegivenusofSouthernhonor.Let them,nevercomeforwardagainasspokesmentouson the part of a chivalrous people. •Let them go back toConventionsyettobeheld.BKECKINH)»fl» DHMOCltACT. Nflw-York,atSyracuse,Ana.15.Kew-York,atSyracone,-Aug.6.Virginia,atStaunton,Aug.16. Ohio,atColumbus.Aug.14. RKPT3BLICAX.V«L, bt Cbailotteroil'e, Aug. 16. WaBB., at Worcerter, Anjt. 29. New-Jewry,atTrenton,July25. lUihois,atSpringfield.Aug.5.HUGHES.TotheEditor4/The.V.Y.Trtbuns.SIR: TheExpresshastriedtomakeitselfmerry35$a review of the Archbishop's remark(«, on tbeconcW eionofthedistributionofpremiums,atMountSt.Vh> centsAcademy,Fontbfll, on the Hudson. Withthe-endtheNarrow passingtothen fordeftndin«tn jimmerous large xrith a comple On tbe Soua ler. at Thro, three hundred ment not less tb dollars. The C defenses concern ^Narrows, and tl XoeVIslaads. A Jmfidiedguns in con*truction a:»<3 and fifty thon-ui ci'y about t h r different works,seven hundrt-d these the bnik Sandy Hook an pleted, wiil mot more,1 and co Jnillions of doll iXHeition, at an £ 3fourmillions«>f Sre'finished, we Cost of about <»eIt is with a 1 forts lhat Ca.,'. Uyttemef heair cf tbe city, axd ant object &n< l>een eecon?!<:«i City £luard. tvere procurer placed *in0 tfte,Guard, and a through with, the notice of Ge Otce satbfledh i likely to enstu followed up ai ^rritten to the <narbox, ejprese facility to aid tl er of Geb. Scot ammunition by W ashington a Floyd,theSe Very favorably «very enoouraj alone could w etern ofdefer.*e army of the Ur 3,300 m<m in these are doing ti<irrS8infantr3 RjpOrts that t pea-coast delez thovsani' fienplation er in < additions1force alL Kn.ov»L.g theconvictiout and capable an less under some Secretary Floy a VVith.ut delay, directing the CoIrovell every £ target-firing wi expenditure ofl] yearly f;r a cong^ T h e Secretary waseuccesetulI l>efore the next! lotion forthe»p|^Boldiery in the ^jguns. From th] the City Gua-dftnsanimouslyre lead the way n the wiedom cf t,1 The subjeot n ^J'Jrandred miJlioi jniUion souls ar;.!• ^Bccestible in %arrsteamer» < Sias begun w defense wbi h •encouragement CfeneralGovpr inen of our tin • t»re interested iJs*Ourcitizen ioliday, with ;/'•§:ashed musket3 "^ eventof ahenJH counted .up >n J ; J Pirtt Diviricn WS |)ut,thereare•£TICKET. ADOPTED" A T SCHENECTADY,18," 1660.OUK POSITION.W e beneye that in the present crisis of our political affairs it is expedient for th* people to ta*e the matter •f the nomination of the Chief Magistrate of this Re- public, who, for the time being, represents the majesty and sovereignty of the people, into their own hands.Tbe day when nominations by National Conventions should be respected, is past. They, like their prede- eetsors, Congressional Caucuses, have become obsolete. The intelligent and reflecting people of the United States cannot shut their eyes to the momentous and humiliatingfact,thatasNationalConventionsareat present organized and conducted, no distinguished citi-. sen.of the Republic, who has gained the confidence of thepeople,bycommandingabilitydisplayedinalong life of eminent and valuable public service, can aspire to—On Saturday, as we, learn from Tlie Richmond in the advice of The Express.Enqvircr, a few moments after the arrival of the One of its editors, when he was Senator, inr th<lJULYand Stockton.Notwithstanding the rain, the audience listened.at-tentively,andattheclosegaveenthusiastic cheersfor the/ticket and Col. Wilcox.POLITICAL.MR. CORWIN O N REPUBLICANISM.formalballotwastaken,resultingastheinformal. OnthesecondballotEverettreceived7,Stockton10,Lane obligedtoleaveWashingtonto-night,Iam.onbusiness:heM an"enthusiastic meeting on tbe 10th 'tniii. for thewith not a sirgJe/Sonthern State represented among duct durirg hiqistay in England " . ~ ^ them. They proposed a platform of principles utterlyincor 8wtent with the Consti'utlon of the United States, In addition to this, a party of Irishmen, residents'ia.and test the tttith of tbeir assertioQS b y an appeal dir rect to the people, and thus vindicate the sincerity of ourmotivesbyouracts. Theresolutionwaslost, Teas, 4, Nays, 16. • . . . - l v n 'J[Tbp following letter from Mr. Corwin, was by some accident not read at the mass meeting, in Union-square, on lost Monday evening:]purpose of giving a welcome to the Hor^. Cyrus Ald-ri«b. AplatformwasbuiltwithLinc//!mrails,andan bywhichtheirrulersshouldbegoverned. TheQues- London,presentedMr.Heenanwitbamagnificentgphltbe several bea by thVGener from attack by harbor will eh<3. Thefourth ballotresultedin14forStockton,5for Everett,and1forLace,whereupnCom.ROBERTP. STOCKTON of New-Jersey was declared daly nomi- nated.thatwilldetainmetherefortwoorthree days. Itis, therefore, quite impossible for me to be at tbe proposed meetingonMondaynight. Irejoicetohearthatsuch men as Messrs. Shepherd Knapp, Will's*Hall, Nathan'•'.'• •' !>&;k.L', j.modeofplacinganElectoralticketinthefieldandbe- beensoclearlyandseensoontheobviouspathofdutyKentucky,atLouiKville.Aug.il.Ga.,atMilledgevillo,Aug.13. theoriginalcaufesofdivorceonthepartofthe-his- baDd to " b a d bread," *'bad meat," " b a d foed7»A recess was then taken for half an hour. sembling tbe Committee reported as follows:On reas-Tbey bad been separated by parents' stern decree, and while seemingly submissive bad been secretly plotting. On the passage from Brooklyn to an eligible position upon Broadway the damsel managed- to become sepa- rated from her kindred. She at once turned and sped asfaptas possible toward the Jersey ferry; passingThe Committee on Perfecting the Plan for placing a Houston Electoral Ticket before the electors of New-York, respectfully submit the names of the fol- lowing gentlemen as Electors for the Districts which are represented a t this meeting and recommend that the vacancies and remainder be filled by tbe State Com- mittee hereafter to be nominated.Jersey, before the canvass closes.•' Yours truly," To F . S. BOGUE, esq., New-York."". THOS. CORWTN.are organizing with great spirit all over the country. Nearly four hundred are known to be in active opera- tion, and the number is daily increasing.Oh! what a low, sentiment from? a newspaper, claiming to be decent IThe Express goes on to say that if Protetfau*, teach- ers do fnot follow tbe Archbishop Hughes's pro- gramme, " W e ( The Express) shall have to advise all " yoong men to marry only the St. Vincent Catholic " girls?'In the foregoing remarks, 3%« Express-trw* tha with the man whom she married very soon after ar- origin of divorce to the undignified belly, which,though useful for man's life, ought not to lie the in- riving. Having written a pleasingly penitent letter to, spirations of his moral action. And now, at the close,''itwillnevergetoutoftheirheartsintotheirvotes.—The Detroit Free Press thinks that the Brooks plexion of the press in New-Jersey with.that exhibited fieldproposed to be married. He had secured the ser- warrant him in avoiding, a'l allusion, in such an au-Electors at Large.Joirsr I. Bom of New-York. JOKL W . JONBH of Schenectady.•DUt/ict Elector*.—The. Graduating Class from Harvard this year tbe Rubicon, she reached Philadelphia in company -Abraham Lincoln in German. A translation of M r. numbers 106. Of the political aspect of the stndents,EOBKXT Lowr/Kjr, Queen*. KPIIRAIM CLARK, Richmond.SAX UKI. SXKXDKN, Kings. JOSKPHH. TOONK, New-York.' AyDKKVf H. MICKLE, New-rork. PAXIKI. WARD, New-York.JAWBS E. COOI^Y, New-York. STBPHKN HASBKOVCK. New^York. CHAKI.US SMITUSOW. New-Y ork.. JAMBSL. ADAMS, Westchester. GHOKOK W, DKPJSW, Westchester. W. C. H. WAr>»Eix, Orange.' DANIKL BRADBVRY, Ulster. Y.LUAii L. HYATT, Columbia. DAVID M. MOORK, Schenectady.it is said that there are 0 Democrats, 23 Union men,and 74 Republicans. The number of men who will tbe parents, the newly-maritied sailed for Europe by The Express adviees "all young men to-marry onlyThe report was adopted. After which.. Gen. V an Rensselaer left the chair, and Daniel Bradbury, Pirs*, Vice-President, took it; and on motion the following gentlemen were named and confirmed as the State E x - ecutive Committee: Fenelon Hasbrouck, Peekskill, N. Y., Chairman; W.E.Lawrence, QneenS; A .J. H Duganne, New-York; George W. Johnson, New- York; J . C. Nob!», Kings; Johannes D . Hasbrouck, Ulster; Elijah D. Cumings. Westchester; E . Bramhall Child, Secretary, New-Y ork.After reques ing all Clubs formed in other parts of the State to report to the Chairman at Peekskill their officers and choice of Elector for their .Districts, on orLincoln impossible."Now let us dance and sing.\are for Breckinridge, 4 for Douglas, and 3 or ,4 un- certain.Meanwhile the guests and the deluded bride wept,I propose to ventilate a little more fully the system—It looks more and more as if ihe Douglas party tbe Presidency. " King Caucus " for twenty years of corruption established during the administration, of would make no show at all in Virginia.hisruled our political world. Beginning witheach local d strict and ward, where there were but few voters, it has extended itself over the whole length andbreadth of our Confederacy.Mr.Whallon,notsomuchforthe purposeofreflecting on the character of the deceased Commiesioner as to do justice to a few of his living confederates, who have as—The Worcester Spy quotes,the following passage from Mr. Douglas's New-Orleans speech of 1853:combegave'apketchoftbe Chicago Convention—saidsome fear had been expressed in Indiana, as to Miaoe-engaged in sewing. Tbe celebrated Mrs.Robinson, better known as the vailed murderess, was busily play- ing away with her needle; as w e entered, she avertedrrarriage with a Know-Nothing. If, unfortunately, their affections should tead them astray for a moment, on aroatter of tbis kind, tbeir parenjfce and guardians should see to'it, and before the maqnmoniai confcracti•—The Trenton Gazette compares the political com- and Hunt Utica Convention finished Lincoln. " The during tbe Fremont campaign. In. 1856, 14 journalsand w e have tolerated Presidents whom the peoplewould never have chosen could they have had an op- Engineers, and Superintendents of Repairs, for a divi- comments on an individual whom it designates "as Bill •'following beautiful declaration: .portunityofvotingforanybodyelse.National Conventions, as now constituted, rule allmxreminentstatesmenout of thelineofpromotionto the.Presidency. None but men of inferior capacities, maknown to the people, snd never thought of except1j intriguing demagogues, who secure their own ad- vancement in inferior spheres, can now hope for a nominationbyNationalConventions. Insteadofbeing lair expressions of tbe popular will, these conventions »ow stifle and suppress Doth the will and the voice of tbe people!Gen. Andrew Jackson, in 1824, was nominated and run as the People's candidate, against Mr. Crawford, the Congressional-Caucus candidate. Although he failed of the election in the House by trickery, he suc- ceeded at the next election by the vote of the people, and his success was the downfall of the old Congres-.officials could abstractions the treasury. The evidence ways been endeavoring to tear d>wn snd do mischief." or two other Mexican States—and I want them all for' Holmes, charged with aiding and abetting in tbe res-The Paris Monitcur of the 3d inst. contains the fof- lowiDgaccountofthefuneralofPrinceJerome:The obsequies of bis Imperial Highness Monsigneul' Prince Jerome Napoleon, were celebrated to-day a t ihe Imperial Hotel aeslnvalides.Before 11 o'clock the battalions of the National Guard,thetroopsoftheImperialGuard, andoftho line, were drawn up along the road through which tha cortege had to pass, forming a douMe line from thaPalais Royal to the Hotel des Invalides. Behind them an immense multitude was assembled in silence, to rea- der a last homage to the defunct Prince.At 11 o'clock, bis Imperial Higlmess Prince Napo- leon, accompanied by his Excellency Marshal the Duke of Malakoff, who bad been designated by the Emperor to assist him, and by bis Highnesfl Prince Joachim Murat, proceeded to the chapelle ardenter where the•kraal caucus system, which, like the National Con-ventionsof the present day, had become the instrument •Chautauqua County. The tendency of his testimony-perpetuate the integrity of the organization of the Democratic party. The concluding resolution of the Reading Convention' was an unequivocal pledge to support its own and the nominees of the Charleston.ish pronunciation." .'—Tlie Hamilton (C. W .) Times tells of a farmer inthatvicinity who attends church in town, and who, on'the ntxt steamer.*—OntheFourthofJuly,ayoungmaninGreen- tionaljournal,mighthaveinferredthatdelicacywouldHngh M. Severance was another witness for the de-that be shall be. Let the people put him forward, and tion. This Severance was a resideat engineer on the Convention of Radical Abolitionists, at Syracuse, on corrupt snd corrupting excrescences have been ampu-Chief Magistracy of this Republic!Can be be ejected? He c-m be, if the people sayBreckinridge and Lane W e quote a specimen-:" Tbe Democracy has at last become purified, itsthepoliticianswillbeparaJyzed.The great mass of the Democratic party will supporthim, for they are tired of the quarrels and intrigues of these self-constituted leaders.Theywantamanoftalents,ofcharacter,ofex- perience—awell-tried statesman,andamanwho,like lite immortal Jackson, dare do what he thinks rigut., OUK PLATFORM.Amanandapolicyarenowthedesiderataofthe masses of our country.GeneseeValleyCanal,appointedsuchbytheassistance thethird Wednesday ofAugust, to nominate candi- tated, and we are nowfully regenerated, standing—Mons. Blondin the other day entertained a select party offriends with a private exhibition uponhisTbe corners of tbe pall were held oy their Excellen- cies M.Fould, Minister of State of the Emperor'sj Household; Admiral Hamelin, Minister of Marine; M -nod statesman fearlessly to the breeze, confident of ul- over two years, beside supporting his fapily in a—The Jefferson Inquirer, a Democratic organ at the oaks, forests of pine and cryptomeria. The latter isCapitalofMissouri,thushandsomelyspeaksoftheRe- nowinblossom. WhatshallItellyouflatteringlyof holdingrankatCourthadtakenseatsintheadjacentthose who came here did go to carry, out the true ob- with the whole system of plunder so lavishly carriedthe Breckinridge ratification •meeting at Charleston,:uiif'i&lZ&b'f snd he did not know what hehtddme rity and honesty. In the whole liistory of the admin--—^.jbstr verdict on bin and his KAirs*j-Nebmskaimagine/but more especially on the ground of integ---It is eaid that a Breckinridge man in New-Oilsans quonceof that peculiarity. I seo.it stated in tho pa- ablest periodicals of Germany. pers that he is a mulatto, I can only say that someperintendent, and $2 50 per day from Severance, he party revive for victory. He had eeen the schism ofwas enabled to emerge from total bankruptcy to a property of eight o r ten thousand dollars in a littleBenton, strong, able, and obdurate, and.the party stilltriumphed; and when these great wrecks sunk withoute «een. HONESTUS. • in aid of the cause. ^ fiany friend of our principles fear or fail to vote smart, but like Toots's tailor—'expensive.'" with us. /" I hope to be able.to addressthe people hero', and in —Tbe varied correspondence received by the Secre- some two or three places in Pennsylvania and New- tary of the Hartford Wide-Awakes, shows that Clubsvantage of the occasion to make a successful elopement. •" courier of a divorce." , , . '.. — e Mi-.,—P. Gerhard, in this city, has published the Life ofLincom's great speech at the Cooper Institute is also given, beside 'other interesting documents.—The Utica Herald says that " t h e strength of vote a t the next Piesidential election is 69—-Democrats Douglas is in the hearts of the people." W e fear that 6, Union 13, Republicans 50.species of property—-has a right to remove to any Ter- ritory, and carry his property with him.",—ThqSelma (Ala.) State Sentinel is harsh in its great Democratic leaders in these times, makes tho sion ofalltbepublicplundertheingenuityofthese Yancey: "Hehas neverdone anygood,buthasal- "IwantCnba,I wantTamaulipas,Potosi,andoneJuly, 19, I860. FUNERAL. •OF PRINCE PARTE.JEROMEBONA*tles the question of who New-York will v«te for."—Judge Wilmot, of Tioga, Penn., and Judge Cal- ver,ofBrooklyn,'madespeeches atthe dedicationof the Republican wigmam at Oswego, on the 17th in«t. A great audience littehed to them. In the evening the Hon. A . Wells spoke, and Judge Culver delivered a second and more elaborate address, which our corre- spondent at Oswego speaks of with enthusiasm.—The Union Republican Campaign •Clab of Flush- ing, Jamaica, and Hempstead, will dedicate their wig-Master, to the utmost ends of the earth;"—Eight members of the Pennsylvania DemocraticCentralCommittee,havingdeterminedtogoforDoug- las, have iesued a call, addressed to individuals, asking thfm to attend a meeting at the Senate. CDamber, at Harrisburg, on the 26th. The circular is as follows:Buskirk was held to bail in the sum of $500, and it is said that other areata will be made.—A correspondent of ThePhiladelphia writing from Havana, says' of a recent banquet:" I noticed among tbe guests (but'only for a moment) ' Mr. Post,' late known as Isaac V . Fowler of New- Ycik, who appeared to be in good health and spirits,wam on Tuesday, the 2-1th inst., at 7 p. m. Among Convention. We are bound by the pledge, and from his arrival for tbat purpose on Sunday, got a glass of coffin of his father had been deposited, and m the pres- of intriguing demagogues for their own aggrandize- was to convict his father of crime, and malfeasance in the speakers on that occasion willbe General Nye, it no authority with less power can release us. W e bter at tbe tavern where -he put up. his horses. He ence of the clergy of the Imperial Cbapel had the coffinment.1824 we now nominate Gen. Houston. We nominate him dead, his son, for the purpose of adding slightly to histo be supported by the people, independent of National interest in the estate, makes his father's illegal transac- fully situated. near the center of Qaeens county; it Conventions. Andweinvokethepeopleofallsec- tionsamatterofjudicialrecord,addinghisowntesti- willaccommodate1500.:-_tions and States of the Union to unite with us in the 'election of thisdistinguishedand eminent mantotheoffice, which would, when living, have subjected himtimatevictory. Weasapartofthepeoplj,andassum- liberalstyle,andpayingnotafewolddebts.incurred engulfingit,hefeltanabidingfaiththatthevesseltke office of President, of tlte United States, and we in- vouchers they have signed for carriage hire, ccc, the ernor and State officers. The candidate for Governor, geous show. The American Consulateis on a hill, aud vite our people generally to rally-promptly around his mystery of his success would lie explained. —The Richmond Whig objects to a coalition of the James B. Garden!)ire, we have known long and known is surrounded with a grove of evergreen oaks anding "orepresent the real sentiment of New-York State, prior to «*ngaging in this profitable business. would swim, though the candidate of the Northwestthe camellias now in their full glory? In yard, and independent of any organisation, of politicians, nomi- If Lock tenders could speak of tbeir $5 per month might sink, dragging invthe whirpool behind him all publican candidate for Governor: wood, and hedge, the fragrant, crimson blossoms, nateGV«.Sam-Houstonas.the.people'scandidate for contributions, and Liverzmenof the team-work tbefloatingmaterialsoftheparty." "BelowwepnblishtheRepublicanticketforGov- pteriogoutfromtheshininggreenleaves,makeagor-one.At noon, the funeral car having arrived at the porc.hofthechurch,CardinalMurlot,GrandAlmoner,Arch- bishop of Paris, received the body, when a funeral mass was performed. Monseigueur Cceur, Bishop of Troy es. preached the sermon, which was most atten- tively listened to by those present, who shared tho emotion of tbe illustrious prelate.After the service the Cardinal Grand Almoner gave tho absolution, when & detachment of Ceot Gardes, which hud been standing guard over the coffin, carriea it into the vault destineu to receive it.The last prayers were read in the presence of his Imperial Highness ihe Prince Napoleou, his Highness Prmce Murat the Wiirtemberg Minister, the Sardinian Minister, the Ministers, Members of the Privy Coun- cil, Marshals, and Admirals.A last salvo of artillery announced the conclusion of the ceremony. \ •Durk g th'is day of mourning, the National Guard, the army, and population of Paris have g»vonj *>yj!10ir ebgerness to honor the memory of his Imperial High- net 8 Prince Jerome Napoleon, an additional proof of the sentiments of love and respect which aniuiata France for the Imperial family.tenner, assuringthema glorioustriumphinthisyear,X8G0.And in conclusion, for the purpose of insuring effi*Thesetwomen,SeveranceandMead,havebeenun- VirginiaDemocracy. ItsaystheBreckinridgomento himwell. Wedifferwithhim politically,butperson- camelliatrees,andsucha prodigal display astbereis tiring in their exertions for the past two years to get re- ally w e can indorse him as a gentleman of the first there'can be seen nowhere out 01 Japan. I can com- instated in the positions they-have so shamelessly dis- send delegates to the Seeeders'Convention at Char- quality, and one of the very ablest. men the Republi- pare it to nothing but an apple orchard of glisteningejent cooperation among tbe friends of (Jen. Houston, graced, and what is the greatest mys'ery is, that Au- lotteville on the 10th of August, and the Douglas men cans havc_ in thoir ranks in this State or any other... leaves, loaded with the brightest crimson apples. Awerecommendtheimmediateformation,bythepeople, of San Jacinto clubs in every State, district and town in the RepublicMr. Murphy then ottered the following resolution:"That the Pet-sideiitof this Convention degiyuai* uad appoiut* Committee of one from, each Con<m'iwioiiai Dlntrict •«!' thU8f*te, to confer M th similar Comwit'w* appointed by oth«r pointment as- Superintendent on the Genesee Valley themselves loose from the National Democrats in all contest. . . • . . W e congratulate the RepublicansditorBenton,whohasbeen,allthetimecognizantof tosenddelegatesto.Stanton onthesameday,saying Onr relations with Gen. Gardeuhire have been of the flight of stone steps leads from the Btreet up to the con- these peculations and frauds, should still be enguged most intimate and friendly character, and we shallin sulate; it is arched over bv these gay trees, and its in trying to foist them again upon the treasury. He that if the latter pursue any other course "they will this canvass battle against him, but it will only be po- stones are carpeted with the fallen petale. Intbegroyoyou may walk oh a carpet of green and crimson such as your foot never trod before. A s I stand in the door, whichever way I turn my eyes towards the hills, thornhas thus far been uDsncceasfal in reinstating Severance,surrender the regular organization of tho Democratic party in Virginia into the hands of YanceyAt Co., cutlitically, and w e hope that the friendly relations which have heretofore existed will not be marred by a heatedbut Mead has lately, through his influence, got an ap-Conventtona to form » conijnroruifte Union Klectoral Ticket lor tfce Sttte of N*w-Yor)r, to be sopported at the ensuing ejection by mil pturtJe* Opposed to ^.ctioathsm and fauuticlam ut the North, and di'tomou and *we*«ion at the South."ThiswasopposednyMr.Duganne.Mr. CMid said this was not a meeting of a negativecharacter. Thecallfor"itwasspecific,and:hesupposed mthissection,andthecertainconnectionofthesemen—A new Breckinridge paper has been established inon under Whallon, Severance, Mead <fo Co. I cannot Graves County, V a. Concerning the contest between S. C. In the course of the speech occurred the follow-Canal from Rochester to Oramel.Commissioner Gardner, who recommended the ap-the other States—especially in the Southoru States, where tbey are organizing vsith remarkable spirit andpointment, may not know the true character of thomanbehasappointed; buthisattentionhasbeenre- zeal—andbecometbedegradedanddishonoredtails handsthanthose-ofJamesB.Gardcnhire."—The London correspondent of Tlie Leeds Mercury says that "Mr. Walter is not.the only groat proprietor' of The London Times, for & M rs. Annie Brodio is nearly, if not equally, as much concerned in its pros- perity. The paper is divided into sixteen shares."peatedly called to the nature of the Canal transactionsand vassals of a miserable Sectional Disunion faction."think but Mr. Gardner wjll yet retrace his steps, and tl o rival Democratic candidates in that State,'Si says: Ticfiet in'the field, and designate consign Mead to the retirucy he so richly adorns.ing passage:'—The Montreal Herald announces the death in that city of the Hon. John Molson, whose name was from, the first connected with steam navigation upou the St.President. Tbe my had pa-rsed when the psople could At all events, it must soon be made apparent to him, if "In this portion of the'State V; isaltogether a one-Ibetransferred by asy Committee like so much merchan- it is not already, that lie has made a grave mistake in eided. burners. Only a f.w ;p .litical croakers are coln and Hamlin", who openly advocate that^Slayeiry" If the Blaclt Republicans succeed in electingLin-dweor caitfr?. H e thought if there was to be any s*le helping this man to a position where the Republican beard to iwiti the Douglas'i«of. *', i\\t\ t.'i.utcout;dd more lie abolished throughout the whole world,';tb^nf w e Lawrence. . .BOA TRACK.—Asweepstakesfor four-oaJedboatais was best tolea^eit to the people and let theln SJ-11 party will be held directly responsible for the manner lite tie dying wail of intriguing but, thwarted doma- have to look to ourselves.1 Hamlin is vrhat.we ball acarne off yesterday afternoon at Quarantine. I The eu-tries we re the Charles McCoy of New-Y orkistrangorof Poughkeepsie, and Judge Voorheos of IVilliams-burgh. The purse was $300,.arid was won by thoStranger, the McCoy coming in second. flDiatanco^Mtt to snit themselves. I f the people of New-York in which he discharges his dunes, at the same time thatwanted Lincoln they would have oiru; if they wanted they are, in this section, nearly unanimously opposed gognciy than, tho clear notes of wlaole-souled Dem-Pocglas tl ey would have him; but he thought they had to the appointment on almost every scoro you can ocracy." . •mulatto. Ho has black blood in him, and let me tell you it is bis nomination that has a remarkable posp- librity. Tbe Northern people take that man in cmisV•—Mr. nenry C. Caroy and his theory of Political Economy form the subject of an elaborate and highly commendatory review in the Ausland, one of thosance tottuwp them to reverse it. Henry Clay Whigs istration of the Canals bcretofore, jny observation hfifl taken tbe series, of beta offered througb jy^. \ym\ state it^aa a reason why that man is taken up is in con- —Tho London corxeBpondejjt >of Porter's Spirit of rowed, about three miles; timo, 19 minutes M second?,••'•;': ". '.'.•' .Untitled Documentj.ir'r.ni'".'rjrjJtui'jLi.iWipjIJWJ»IJW"wjpjwiyi.UijA.'x.L laMBafljBgj ajfrgap•**;&V.;S'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comr-V'r-5 S W ^ S f S ' W W f W ^ ^ W B R ' ^ ^may preserve the fraternal respect we have heretofore entertained for Southerners. ' . •ciple in our Republican creed, to which every old Whigcannot subscribe; our ticket is' the only one that canprevent ihe contingency of an election devolving onCongress. Our candidates have given to tbe world asfoil evidence of their ability and integrity as those whoaTe supported by any other party. Why, then, should settled or fixed in his politics for several years. .He is iig youDg maiden and her enterprising lover took ad- " for cross husbands, and dyspepsia is but tbe attmgvice* of a clergyman, had invited the guests, and was dience, and before such a class of beautiful children and young ladies, ranging from six years to eighteen, Bell and Everett men of New-York, knowing that supported Fremont, 6 Fillmore, and 14 Buchanan. on the Spot with his intended bride. A few moments to allude' to the question of marriage at all, although,they could not carry the State for their favorites, and fearing that adherence to them would give the State to Liccoln, have determined to give their votes to the Democratic electoral ticket, which makes the State sure for Douglas, and which makes the election ofbefore the time for the interesting ceremony he left tbeit would be a legitimate subject to treat of. But, in—The Louisville Journal calls for "organization' to secure the election of Bell and Everett. In the State of New-York the Bell and Everett orgaoiza'tion is sold cut to Douglas, and sold mighty cheap too. •—The Bvffalo Republic labors, and with success, to pro^e that Mr. Breckinridge was. formerly a preachercalled for the purpose of determining, the course of the party in its present exigency, is to meet in Baltimore on the 9th of August, and not on the 2d, as erroneously stated in some of the papers. From present indica- tions, every county will be fully represented.''—The Democratic State Convention in Kentucky,patch from the. absentee explained the singular pro-ceeding.r I t appeared that the laggard bridegroom hadloaned a friend $26. That friend was on the point ofleaving Greenfield in the cars without paying the debt.This impending defalcation the youth heard of, and a tonce set out for the railway Btation to collect his littlecarrying out this proposition. Firsts/' all young men " cannot marry "only the Sr. Viocent Ca-holicgirle;" "all young men " are too numerous, and the " Catholht girlsofMt.St.Vincent" aretoofewforsuchanar- rangement. Again, there are not more tban fourorfivet of those joung'ladie-8 sufficiently advanced in years t o entertain a proposition of marnace. And again, still, there should be the understanding that it requires twoDr. P^ Hasbrouck, from the Business Committee, before the 1st of August, for publication, the meeting of Squatter Sovereignty. We suppose that Mr. B.' has for the nomination of an electoral ticket pledged to thebill. This explained the sudden departure from the to make a bargain, even in matrimony; and thiis The.adjourned, with nine cheers for the People's Union Ticket.In the evening, a large impromptu meeting, compris- ing several hundreds, washfld in front of the Givens Hotel to ratify the nominations, which were responded to most enthusiastically.Col. John A. Wilcox, ex-Member of Congress from JJHDRSfS TO THJB PEOPLE OF THE UNITED Mississippi,foroveranhourandahalfmadeamost eloquent, impassioned, argumentative, and historical ST A TES I N BEHALF O F A PEOPLE'S UNION- address in behalf of the People's candidates, Houstongot new light since he w as nominated. A t any rate, "regular ntminee," will be held at Louis rille on the-reported the following address, which, after debate arid •pponition from Messrs. Murpby and Calhoun of Alba- ny, was adopted, they only voting against it. Previous to this vote; Mr. Murphy offered resolutions indorsing•' 1Bell and Everett as a substitute, which, on account of the strong feeling of the meeting, were withdrawn.he is now tbe representative man of the only Demo- cratic party that has the same principles for all parts of the country, or that h*s any electoral votes. What he used to be isn't of so much matter.you.unite? • ' • ' • .—The Baltimore Patriot, a Bell and Everett paper,23d of July.wedding party. When be reached the station the trainwas just starting, and he was carried off to Northamp-ton.* Prom tbat place he sent the necessary dispatch,Express is extravagant in requiring that " a l l young men',' shall marry tbe girls ot Mount St. Viucen*-.The thing is absurd and impossible on every side. I f it could»be carried out it would.be an injustice towardThe address adopted is as follows:—The Democratic Executive Committee, which met at Raleigh, N C , on Saturday, tbe jl4th, decided that —The Petersburg (Va.) Intelligencer reasons with it is unnecessary to call a meeting of the Democraticand then,' bappy because he had regained his $26, other young ladies, perhaps of equal merit. Besides,started on foot f r his bride. Being overtaken by there is a question in tbe background, which ;i«, that; by possibility, tbe young ladies of Mount St. Vincent; anothertrain,hewashelpedonhisway,andlatein woujdnotacceptthe.offersof"allyoungmen,"asimuch force, that " unless the Opposition vote—that is,the Douglas, Breckinridge and -Bell vote—be united,Lincoln's election is inevitable. Well then, w h y don't signatures appended, for a Bell and Everett " Grandthe afternoon he married his wife. candidates presenting their hands for marriage. A n d again, even " a l l your« men" have no great confidence," SIR : Tho undersigned, moved by severe convictionof-duty, feel constrained to make an effort to save and t»hd who cevotes most of his time to the study of Span-hore to see you at the time and placeabove designated, gave tbe landlord a sixpence, and receiving a penny removed by twelve soldiers of tbe Cent Gardes into AsGeo.Jacksonwasnominatedbythepeoplein,toseverepunishmentandlastingdisgrace.NoWJheisA.King.Thewigwamtobededicatedisdelight-andwouldbegladtohearfromyouatyourearliest (Epglieh)inexchange,herequestedtwocoppers(Can-tbefuneralcar.mony to what he had'industriously collected in other quarters.tional Democratic Committee, has published an ad- .dress to the Democratsof that State,fullofzealforwhen, quite exasperated, he went to a grocery, where itissupodsedbefoundacoinsmallenoughto measure the benefits which religion could confer upon his soul.joined those of the Imperial Chapel.The clergy in surplices immediately preceded thefuneral car, richly covered with hangings and armorial bearings, upon which tbe coffin was placedj.—Messrs. W . W . Chapman, J . C. Harrington, and Otis Simmons, who denominate themselves .a Central fense, and testilied to some knowledge of this transac- Committee, have announced that "there will be aMr. G . W . Curtis, Hon. Luther C . Carter, Hon. John—~ring of considerable value." NEW-YOUK CITY, July 13,1860. sion with the Secessionists. w With such men," it ex- •. i-Below will be found a list of the political State THE EXPRESS ON ARCHBISHOP : proach New-Ytion hvwill you submit to such a nomination if ef- ,—The Freeman's Journal ^pndiates all idea of fu- .feciual,?';' ;\,';':;;.".-,„ ••'••., 'A'^& 'STfyUm ,; .'•',Mr.Dugannethenmovedthatthemeetingselectfivepersons, as a Committee, to retire and "report the best C. Ely, ChaTles Roome, and Noah Worrall, have their gambling-shops,, or disappear otherwise from the New Jersey, atTreiiton,July 25. Conn., at New-Hav<-u, Ana. 1. purely animal instincts of The Express, H describesDOrOLASDEMOCRACY. WATIOWAI. UITIOX. Ga.,atiJi)Jedjr«Tille,Joly24. New-J«sey,atTrenton,July25.,"•':• — ~ . 'PERSONAL.And it goes on to state tbat the " stomachs of hus-bands" and the "brain and the stomach bw<»nervous -—The New-Tork correspondent of The N. O. Delia " connections so intimate that it is impossible to have*Now, 33 advocate the election of Mr. Lincoln, 2 tl atof Mr.Bell,15thatofMr.Douglas,and5thatofMr. whichhepromisedshouldbe buttemporary. Buthe cussionof topicsthat'm>gh(come,evenfroman,Arch-Breckinridge.—Of the Virginia papers, so far as heard from,'-28 went elsewhere to celebrate the national anniversary.bishop, prematurely on the 'ingenious aod innocent; - hearts of the children whom be would have bocasionio 8ddres«. • j •>••••: The Express advises, hypothetically, "all young,house, requesting! the party to excuse his absence,Catholic education, there is a shrinking from the dis-did not return, and the minister, after waiting an hour,men" to marry only the " St. Vincent Catholic girls. —Tbe Democratic State Convention of Maryland, tbeir jaws. When all hope had fled a telegraphic dis- There are two or three difficultly to be encountered inStateConvention.—A call has been published, with a large number ofgrew angry, then yawned almost to the dislocation ofMaeBRatification Meeting" at Cincinnati, on the 19thinst. Thefriends ofthemovement are makinggreat Southern trainat Raleigh,N.C,a quarrel occurred StateofNew-York, volunteered, byan egregiousde-betweenoneoftbeofficersofthetrain andMr.Her-LIGHT ON A DARK SUBJECT. Putnam to the Lincoln Mass meeting at Union square, —A cordial and enthusiastic reception was given to ports). Mr. H.'pronounced the officer a " liar." The to this Union, owned $5,000,000 in the island of New-'/Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.ALLEGANY COUNTY, June 25,1SS60. In T H E TRIBUNE of the 9th inst. you copy from The Syracuse Journal a brief account of the suit of BangaagainsttheestateofS.S.Whallon,deceased,and formerly a Canal Commissioner in charge of the West- ern Division of tbe New-York State Canals.is loud in its praise of tbe letter of the Hon. James O .effortstogetupahandsomedemonstration.on last Monday night. . . the Hon. Cyrus Aldrich, a Member of Congress fr>mJ Yoik alone; aud thus obtained the enactment of a law Minnesota, on his return home last week. According latter advanced evidently to resent the insult, when injurious to the Archbishop, insnl<ing to the whole—The Vichsburg Sun bitterly attacks Mr. Everett to The St. Paul Times, Col. Aldrich gave an extendtd Mr., H. discharged a pistoh The shot took effect in tho Catholic body—placing them out side of the ordinarybecauee he " could find no language sufficiently strong breast of the Railway officer, killing him instantly.to express his detestation of the gallant and noble- account of his stewardship, Bpoke of the Northern Pa- The name of the deceased is not given.hearted Preston S. Brooks, who so justly chastised the cific Railroad route as being a far cheaper and moreftasibleroutetbantheCentralorSouthern—thenof —AcorrespondentofTlieFreeman's Journal atlegislation under which other, relirious denominations; are authorized to transact and'manage their Own- religious and ecclesiastical affairs. jTheExpressinanarticlejustrefejrredto,acknowl- slanderer of Southern States and Southern, statesmen the Homestead bill, and of its veto. When he came SiDg SiDg say8 that " tbe female department is one of edges itself a Know-Nothiog. Its advise to " jyoung—the infamous SumnerJ. •','••to the veto, three deep and heavy groans were given tbe most interesting portions'of the prison. The walls men," would, no doubt, refer to, young gentlemen of itsownkidney. But.inthatcase,theyoungladiesoffor the President, and three cheers for the Colonel, and of their little cells are adorned with evidences of their Mount St. Vincent and of other Cajjbolic institutions,three for the friends of the Homestead bill. Mr. Se- taste. PaesiDg into the work-room, w e found them should be careful before making! any contract ox." Slaves are regarded as property, and are placed owner cf slaves—the same as the owner of any othersota, that she might go for Douglas, but he assured hisHence we witness the strange and disgraceful spec- yet no idea of relinquishing the profitable business of on equal footing with all other property. Hence the Indiana friends that Minnesota was sure for Lincoln by her bead, as is her custom when'visitors enter. She is celebrated, they,-or some one in their name, shouldtacle of the nomination of men to office for districts,wards, towns,' ccontks, States, and even the Presidency, by the mere force of political and party ma-cfcinery, under the lowest and most degrading forms,filching money from the State Treasury. ,It became apparent soon after Mr. WhaUon's.acces- sion to the office of Canal Commissioner that he had entered into a general copartnership with Contractors,5,000 majority.—Senator Brown of Mississippi, who is one of theis a matronly and refined-looking woman; but the changeful turning of her dark eye betokened the con- dition of the mind within."—rMr. John M. Van Buekirk of Lansingburgh, was,onWednesday,arrested by U S. Marshal, JohnL.procure or solicit, at the proper place, " an ounce o£ civet, good apothecary."parture from truth, 10 state in that dignified assembly bermont (late United States Consul at one of the Italian tbat the Archbishop bemsr. as he represented, a traitorconvenience." -."* Detachments of different troops opened the cortege,ada) instead,! alleging that he wished to pay one of then came the officers of the defunct Prince's house- —Mr.H.H.HeathofIowa,amemberoftheNa- themintothechurchcollection. Thelandlordrefused, holdandtheclergyofdifferentparishes)whobadof Whallon, and was one of his confidential friends. upon the ancient and glorious platform of Old Hickory,On his cross-examination Severance acknowledged dates for President and Vice-President of the United by which we will surely and steadfastly stand, though tightrope Dear Niagara Falls. After doing many Troplong, President of the Senate; Marshal Count;having been suspended from bis position for taking abribeofacontractor,butthathetookthemoney($400)foranotherman. Thiswasnotso. Itwashisdefensein the suit brought to recover the money, it is true, butbis main witness to prove it—a relative, and recipientofcontractsfromhimeelfandWhallon—wasim- toattendandtakepartinthisConvention."peached, and the Jury, under the charge of JndgeGrover,to"bringinaspecialverdict,'.'andthatunder —The Soutliern Confederacy, aDouglasorganatthings already made familiar by reported descriptions, heranaraceagainsttime,crossingtherivertwicein sixminutes,justthreeminutesbeingusedineachpass- age. He is reserving himself n o v for the visit of theThatpolicyistomaintaintherightsofpeopleofthewhole country, to direct the attention of Government in the statute, "money pandas a bribe could not be re- Atalanta, Ga.v thus discourses touching disunion: developingtheresourcesandencouragingtheindustry coveredback,'*broughtintheirverdictasfollows: "Butiftheworstdoescome,ifLincolniselected,ridge 8nd LaDe, and adds: "AstoStephenA.Douglas,amanwhomwehad'at one time politically embosomed, w e look upou him arthismomentasoneofthemossheartless,cold,andthe heir to the British Crown never dreamed of.—A private letter, dated April 7, from Mr. F . Hall,ofEluira,New-York,whoisnowinJapan,hasbeenII ard in the time! Capt.LovflliStates; also, to nominate caniidates for Governor and Lieuteuant ofthisState." Andtheyinvite"the womenandchildrenofthis andotherStates,whooc- cupy radical positions on Anti-Slavery and Temperance,fanaticism and traduction howl wildly around us, clirgingalwaystotheconstitutionofourfathers;and. shieldingover the union, like true patriots,worthy sons of noble sires."VaiMant,' Grand Marshal of the Palace, designated by hisMajesty.Fouroflicersofthedefunct Prince carried thein- sianta of his orders and his sword.His Imperial Highness tbe Prince Napoleon followed? tbecarintheuniformofaGeneralofDivision,witha mourning cloak over his shoulders. On hjjs right hand walkedhisExcellency theDuke ofMalakoffand Prince Joachim Murat. Then came the grand officers oftheCrown,theMinisters, members ofthePrivy Council, the Marshals, who had all come up to Paris, to attend the obsequies of tlie Prince, the Senate, the* » L e g i s l a t i v e C o r p s , t h e C o u n c i l l o r s o f S t a t e , t h e g e n e r a l1officers,andthefriendsandancientservantofhisIm> p*rial Holiness and a numerous deputation wearing the St. Helena medal. - jTbe cannon of the Invalides, which had been firing half-hour, guns since the morning, announced the de- parture of the cortege from the Palais Royal, and ita arrival a t the Hotel des Invalides.The church w a s hutig with black cloth, relieved b y military •ropbies and tbe armorial bearings of tha Prince. The choir was already occupied by nis High- nessPrinceLucienMurat,hisEminenceCardiaai Mathieu. tbe Embassadors ifnd Foreign Ministers; and the nave by the deputations from tbe different corpora- tions.A few moments before the arrival of the cortege her Imperial Highness Madame la Princees Mathilde had occupied the gallery reserved for her, and their Impe- rial Highnesses the Princesses of the Emperor's familyI jnanoutoften another. It ist follow out theof l i e nation, instead of fostering sectional controver- " 1st. W e find that the defendant received the money let us with one heart and mind forget the past, and go designing demagogues that ever did an injury to our publii-hed in The Daily Press, of Elmira. We makepentered the Atf withMexico was one year G e n e r a l o f y u jnandedaBa't Some time agand now propj opment ofthe city b y creatj militia.AKT1LL TU|The schema Hentlyration: Upon his com: Americana:au atFoitHamiltdented event h who eaw th«» p thee<i«rneeof tbe warm entbl tlerewas*>antiifl novel arml the invitationTbe City G- an lftbiiwt . for th.corcitiwrn »oi<iif vit«<J t« b* ptwrtrt jwn of New-York. Atnoonana presence at t J without delay. Dodworth"* Blgratuitcutly tej Perry,, Qomptjway, cf the ford, and Majj Lieut..Col. FJ Bottwitk, off Xient-Cpi. M |late of the Were the locall of tbej Chkoj Army, and tl distaivcc. T l pe»oVcf OqVan Tine. F.A.iConkliJ tho Chamlsies and engendering ill-feeling; to execute the laws of the plaintiff." .a n d S V P P R Z S S T B X A m i CANT S L A V K - T K A D K b y t h e " 2 d . N o c a u s e o f a c t i o n o n t h e g r o u n d t h a t p l a i n t i f f strongarmofthelaw,andtobuildrailroadstothe paiddefendantthemoneyasabribe.".•out of the Union together. If w e permit the blacks to party. T o an arrogance unprecedented he unite! a an extract:c o r ^ e i n t o p o w e r , . a n d a l l o w t h e m t o g o v e r n u s , t h e y d i c t a t o r i a l t e m p e r w h i c h h a s l e d h i m t o w a d e t o h i s . " T h e - w e a t h e r s i n c e t h e 1 s t o f M a r c h h a s b e e n s o w e t will,infourshortyears,inflictamoralstingupon chintorule-orruinhisparty. AstohisSquatter- that1havehotbeenabletotakemanywalksorhorse- Slavery from which it will never recover. W e must Sovereignty doctrine, we hold it in more absolute con- hack rides. The vegetation under this moisture isPacinc; to bind our States closer together, and open a.tew highway for commerce with China and Japan,thus giving impetus to all the peaceful pursuits of life;to secure retrenchment and reform, check corruptionin high places among "officials, enforce a strict compli-ance with the Constitution, and a rigid execution ofdoty by all officenr—an equal distribution of the bene-fits ox Government to aU classes and sections, and aliberal policy inregard to the actual settler on the pub-licdomain. Suckistliepolicyteeadvocate,andGen. generalmanPridayforSeveranceinallthesegougingnot permit it."he said: " The question might be asked, 'Would the Democracysurvivethisschism?'Forhisownpart,tempt aid unqualified detestation than we do the prin- ciple of the Wilmot Proviso."pushing forward vigorously. You can have little ideaHouston, w e think, is the man for the present emer- transactions upon the Genesee Valley Canal, as wellgency—the only man who can save our whole Union fromthedangersnowimpending.•OI;R jur.aot.vx.We therefore unfurl tbe banner of the veteran herohe had seen vast chasms in its ranks; he had seen the for which we had raised a club of fourteen. W e have graceful elope, another a terrace, another will be oval returned the paper since it came out for Breckinridge, or serpentine, all separated onefrom the other by walksThe verdict was in accordance with public sentiment in this county, wh«;re the transaction occurred, and wh*re the parties were well known. Tbey thought Park, tbe plaintiff, who paid tbe bribe, was jnstl7pun- ished by losing his money, and that Severance by his virtual conviction of receiving the bribe, bad his pre- viously shattered reputation completely demolished.Another confederate, and member of the firm of Whallon &. Co., was Ja^ob A.' Mead, clerk, ardlar gardfn-like patches. A nd these field gardens, for ter says: that is what their name signifies, are made to follow "Wewere'takenin'herebyTlieBoston Post, tbenaturalshapeoftbehills.Onewillbealongas clerk for tbe Superintendent of Repairs on SectionNo.-3. Byhissalaryof$10permonthfrom-theSu- defectionoftheVanBurenpartyagainstCase,andthewithademandforthereturnofthemoney,charging andbanksandridgesofturf, Thisharmonyofar- them with obtaining it ' under false pretenses,' and in- rangement, with the surface outline, gives an inde- forming them tbat the praires of Illinois would afford scribable air of repose and picturesque beauty. Then no range for their kind of cattle." you see thickets of undergrowth, belte of evergreenTheLeesburg(Va)MirrordeclaresforBreckin- PrinceofWales,whenheproposestodosuchdeedsasWof the beauty of tbese hills and valleys covered with —Under toe head, " Sow they Treat Traitors in Il- tbe young verdant crops. The valleys are laid out in a linois,"TheClevelandPlainDeaferpublishesanote SUt(cccstionofs-railfields,separatedb'yawalkofturf jly. The hills are pared down and shaped into simi-—Col. Preston, United States Minister to Spain,spoke at the Breekiniidge and Lane ratification meet-ingat.Louisville,Ky,ontheeveningoftbe14th. After reviewing the different candidates aDd platforms,, received from M.oline, in that State, in which the wri- orin tbeir selection, and can ascure them that their stand- ard-bearer is a man of sterling integrity and sobriety, aDd aDy character or reputation, as a party, they mayleafy banners are hung out. single."Tho wild blossoms are ailachieve in this State could not be placed in better—Onthe9thinst.Mr.R.B.RhettmadeaspeechatInquirer"the St. Vincent Catholic girls." •The Neic-York Express, if it were not an excep-' •'••'-; '-•• ..- j ::_ 