 •*•••m ••nTHE,PACIFIC.rSJUSCNAL.HPM ! Zo*, bold ! I eomxiaod the Under-yon m safety m Quern Vxjtor'ift's dominkme, and Sod unc'eTstood the Snaoish, Ita:iau, French, and German safe and sound.•.,W« -^ert^lftl&Cmi&mm:$%&&&£i m;!,1 ^AiLMOAp TO u -rtA.:Ttbe south of Ireland, and, hke that deserted hallof the Bucks PJantagenet, a satire on the ambitionwii<b once felt' cabined, cribbed, confined' even in .ncident, which is Baid to have occurred at the ball—The SemapJiore of Marseilles relates the following 3ft SJimHaMe area. The late Earl, who died in'39, given to thtir Majesties at the Chateau Borelli:SIR: A day or two ago I saw in one of our Territo-Irisli peasantry as an insatiate jpractitioner in the conformed to established etiquette, as far as regarded pitch- cap and triangle trvnenastics in 'i>8. He was also their headdress, for they wore bonnets. These appen-&pesraoa of very repulsive habits, one ol these being dages were, it is true, of the most light and elegant the absorption of fistfulsof enniffrom a tin-lined waist- kind, and ornamented wita'marabout feathers; buteoali pocke* of cavernous profundity and S'ygian com- ihey were contidered, notwithstandiug,• inadmissible. plexion. Very different from either of her brothers The stewards at the door expressed their regret in thewas that fair frailtv, theIT sister, aunt of the present politest terms, but, as their insttuctionB were positive peer, famed for her beauty and misfortunes, the story on the subject, they could not allow themselves to because' as above promised/to the contributors by those half-the ordinary price, while the tone is even better who raised the funds, this sum must have eventuallyof w h i h latter, though within the remembrance of softened by the entreaties of the ladies, who retired in thousands vet living, reads hke a chapter of Corsican great .dismay. An old proverb says, that when agone into the hands of the final board- of distribution, and mellower, and t i e strength equal. The horse namely, the National Committee, ' to be by them ex- track, as usual, was ; icrhaps the greatest attractioncaptivating Col. Frzgerald, a cavalier who. alack, was not I a bachelor—the bosom friend and guess of her father; how she was supposed to be drowned; how,which were growing near, and, taking off the obj'ec- tioratye articles of drees, despoiled them of their feath- era, which they speedily transferred to their own hair.after some months, she was discovered' in a remote Tbe question next arose what should they do with thea>ottn*ain cottage, on account of her hair, which reached toherieet; how the enamored Colonel again came, disguised, to the castle whose hospitality he had be- trayed: how the furious father, betaking him to theboi>ntts, which were too pretty to throw away. Femi- nine invention here again came to their aid, for, lifting their ample crinolines, »hey safely attached the dis- carded headdresses within their ample folds, wherehcnsewhere the lover lay concealed, broke into the_ they were completely unobserved. Thus newly equip-bedroom, and coolly blew out the gay deceiver's brains,returning borne 'with tbe placidity and satisfaction ofone who had discharged a sacred duty; how the finalformality of the moribund Irish Hou»e of Lords was —A Berlin letter announces the death of the poet to acquit the red-handed dispenser of jastice inhis own Burcbart, author of the tragedy of " Jwos Grey," inbehoof; and testly. ho w the lady—' teterrima. e&usq one of the hospitals of that city. Burcbart was about ot all belli '—retired to Swansea, and wedded a moun-tain person, never disturbing the connubial felicity of heij Taffy, or imperiliofl: the pastor's appetite ftnr TV elsh Tan-bits, by the disclosure of her secret. All this is known, and behw to impart a sort of weird interest to the family of Kingston, the most meritorious member of Which was the present lunatic Earl's eldest brother,40 years of age, and bad been for some time in indigent circumstances.—The Supreme Court of Porto Perrajc passed sen- tence on the 5th ult. in the case of Mr. George Wat- son Taylor, proprietor of the island of Monte Chrifto,this matter. Oa page 76 of the report of Mr. Mason's whereupon the box aauglit the skirt, the same being Senate Select Committee of Investigation in regard to of silk, and therein tore a hole five-and-a-half* John Brown's Harper's Ferry invasion, you will find inches long. The lady discovering the rent, pro- that I testified as foliows: ' ;author of tbe well- known * Antiquities of Mexico;' a who was accused of having encouragedi^reactionary annvptuous/*£-/•<- d or worthy of the auriferous patronsceWhen we saw Lord :Ockham, now Baron Went-wcrth, a few months since, he. was at work at theThames Iron SbipbuildingCompany'B establishment, atBlackwall, cutting bolts at 24 ehiliiogs, English, or leesthan'$6aweek. The'BaronWentworthia22or23 politics,aridthereforebedidnotwishtointerfere. I thecurb,.whichspacethelawgiveshim,andthatit yearn of age, and appearsto inherit his grandfather s was appointed in Mr. Lincoln's place. I then lived in had been there only an hour and a quarter. The taste for gin, but ae.for his ' taete and talent fur me-chanics,' those who know him beet pronounce him a4 poor tool.' It is true that he was employed for awhile,at Mr. John Scott' Russell's works, where his exampleto the rest of the hands was by no means worthy otimitation, He lodged with the head pattern-maker, towhom he had often expressed the strongest desire tobecome the skipper of atcoai barge on the Taames.Lord Ookham ran, or walked away from Scott Kua-of 5kIont*zuma or of Cor'ez hims*lf. being a publica- tiontos'«xmagnificentfolios,price180guineasacopy, and still an esteemed and valuable work, cos'iog'the5reducer what any one le*s affluent would nave •emedalarg* fortune. Illustrating the adage as to tbe facility -with which a certain. class of people andth«ir mouty part company, he performed tne Chandos opferati«n in re Dnke of Buckirgham, and became se- curity for his father's debt*-^-tbe consequence being that be died in the Sheriff s Prison of Dublin a couple of ryears before his estimable sire was succeeded by hisdempnstrations among bis dependants, and uttered the ciyof"VivaLeopoldII."withexpreseionsofcon- tempt toward the reigning eovereign. Mr. and Mrs. T aj lor having placed themselves beyond the jurisdic-wtion of the Court by crossing the French frontier, al- lowed judgment to goby default. Mr. Taylor was found guilty and sentenced to 18 months' imprison- ment ; but the crime of Mrs. Taylor (a French lady) was considered more heinous, inasmuch as she wasIllinois."As Loccupied Mr. Lincoln's place on that Committee,,Alderman who heard this momentous case on Tues- day, was so bothered by it as to be unable to make up his miod;until Saturday. He then gave judgment iniavor of the plaintiff for $5 and costs, thus legal-I have gone thus fully into this matter, that you and 034dauwag,ground Bailway r 3Pty, fly with me. and I will pkoistood Spaaish hiB arqtiainiaace was quite acceptable to j the road with the sf^ improvement The passengers he kept thfttaaoney in hid nauds for more than two J1—ggi*I^»dc»eorre«poud»nicf The iritmrpooi At- have mercy on whoever interferes.' But the p an had ^ g u a g ' e i and ere %hUhas undoubtedly rnafltered that bum, gjvee ^ foliowing interesting account of the' notbffn ccmaunMated to her; shedid notr-ooguiae of the Arglo-Saxon nations. It was the remark of iha|B«»chester Exprees, SepS. 28. .gfviig Tnfomifo* io 'the National Committee of its'hemg^in'hVjB«»^iBi«n^ I'Letushavethefacts.": - SIR:* Th yoor i«sue of i.he 3th inst, I obeerve ajJpi^Mt oeenpatiiu and opiaiona of the ItaBan revoha • btr deliverer m me, and I retired behind »he scenes. mate of the Carmen, in speaking of bis eomroaader, THE EXPRESS IN TBECITYTREA8VRY, ^AtcJ^^Ku!^,,at^2Xr^^:,W. F. M. ARNY. 8peci*l dispjach from Washington Cky of the 4th iast headed '*,' Indian Lande for.a Rail.'o^d/' as follows- 'Had it been understood and earned out, it was my de- that he put his bgb«hing or electricity i&to every one Mjfezzmi if some yeare younger than Disraeli, but sifcn, after placirg Zoe on the ears of the 'Under who was conrecied with him, and even hie sailorsANDITS CONNECTION LEGISLATURE,WITH.THE>;fee Jo'ki» o»d enough to be Isaac, the father of Benja- gio ind. to return to >he stage, announce her safety, would have jumped overboard to obey him. H*s Per-|FRO^PHILADELPHIA." Tt •*«»« that tb* Delaware TndiaDs of Kin«« aw to Ve tab- jticUd to a low of half their l«nd«, tbroogh treaty »tir>nlntion«b> which tbey are to go to aid in th« con»troction of araliro*4^j,. ^ ^ -without irrevereToe be it sp-'ken. be should and defy the purchaser and all the slavebounds he sonal appearaxce, at that time. is thus described: Of a could con mand. Of congee, I need not say that I amhe is a chip of the original Tail.was [remarkable for eccentricity in life, and not less so 44 At the moment when the doors were opened, twohy reason of his death, or rather the cause of it. HiB ladiee, accompanied by two gentlemen, ana duly pro-lordihip was a huge, burly, black-whiskered, heavy- vided with tickets, presented themselves for admission the fairy of tbe mountain.; the elegant Mrs. Col.W*******e of Tennessee, the vivacious and amiable Mrs. d***?*h of Nashville; and the dashing and accom- plished. Mies C******d of Georgia. The dance was kept up till a late hour, and during the evening the gal- leiy was crowded with loving couples promenading arid enjojing the fine moonlight scenery, as they whis- pered to each other in the low tones of the evening breeze, which sighed as sweetly through the green fo- liagenear.them." '• ; :•.—Among the recent deaths ia New-Orleans, we oheerve that of Seaman Field, in the 67th year of hie age.rial papers an article copied from The Boston Courier, lating powers in the shape of three beets weighing about twenty-four pounds, squashes of ridiculous allueion is made to a certain sum of " Five Hundred rotundity, and carrots, one" of which would be. morebrowed, loud voiced, man; just the sort of physique The ladies were elegantly attired in white dresses and to kind countenance,to the repute he bore among the handsome ornaments, but unfortunately they had notto the "W orcester Kansas Aid Committee" on the corn shown as the product of phuine was gigantic, theears being far the largest and beet filled I ever saw. 15th of November, 1859, and in which article the edi- The makers.of all these new fertilizers are doing ator pays: - -> great business among the farmers. In other de-" The way is thus pointed out'of ascertaining the partments there was the usual variety without manyexact purpose to which this $500 was devoted. If it special novelties. Among tbe latter, were sampleshas had the 'faithful and wise application to the of Merrick's new amalgam bells, an article made atlargest city west of St. Louis on the Miswuri River, and the commercial emporium of Kanma and the West. The road 'passes up the Kansas River valley to I Port Riley; tbree-fourths of the route is almost a natural roadway, the valley being level and from three to ten miles wide. This valley extends by the Smoky Hill Pork of the Kansas River to within a. short distance of the base of "Pike's Peak;" there is an abundance of coil, wood, water and grass aU the way to Denver and Colorado Cities. A gOod emigrant road has b*en recently established and opened, which makes the dis- tance over one hundred milt a lees than by anv other route now traveled. There are only ten miles of eaody read, and only on* place where it is eighteen miles be- tween the streams, on the whole rou*e. At Fort Biley, the trade and travel of New-Mexico, the " Goll Re- gion,", and Utah, can be concentrated, as well as troops, munitions of war, and tbe mails to and from the far West. It is the only road rojoning west from the Missouri River which will have for several years a way trade'and travel, exclusive of through basiaess, that will pay ruDnioj? expenses. The first division is al eady located, over a cheap and excellent route. We ate makiog our arrangements as rapidlyaspossible to locate the remainder by Spring, and put the whole under contract to Fort Riley, a dietanc* of 116 miles from this point. Leavenworth City is about 24 milee /history in tbe fifteen'h century. It u a familiar tale in won an determines on doinc a thing, nothing can pre: Mr. Field was of the Peekskill family of that name, inpended.'' Now, without giving the names of thereat, to female as well as niale. As a general thing, the there are two of that body who must of course be poe-. show is believed to have been more meager than seesed of the information required. They are Thad- fonnerly, though the attendance ,appears to have deus Hyatt and Abraham Lincoln. A curious query been about equal. / ta&j anae here, Whether Mr. Hyatt did not lie so long Crinoline, you knov', encroaches on Us everywhere. in. jail at Washington in order to avoid questions It crowds us in the cars, and from the pavements which might, implicate his associate, Mr. Lincoln. It drives us into the gutters. Thus much we have is evident, however^ that Mr.. Lincoln is the proper long endured, not wn bout complaining, nor becauseperson to apply to. And we do not see how ' Honest any other law but tl at of civility obliged us to do Old Abe' can honestly decline to answer inquiry on so. But here in th s city the law of the land hasthis poiut, &.c. * *" * * Let us have an explicit been invoked to make all things clear the track for its aiswer from Abraham Lincoln of Illinois, one of theNational Commutes of the . Friends of Freedom in . exclusive sweep. One of .our Aldermen, by name Kansas, as to what was done with the $500 drawn, Helfricht, has a wife, who, like all other wives, in-&c# * * * * . Let us have the facts." " dulges in, crinoline. In passing up Third street the 1ABa member of the " National Kansas Aid Com- other day, her skirt encountered a box on the pave-the pause* eeUhres of tbe sist-r country-in the last gen- vent ber, and eo it was in thia case. The ladies, in- eration. How *he fled from Mitcheletown with the too spired with a sudden idea, went amo^g some treesWestchester County, and a brother of Mr. Hickson W . Field ;of thiB city, now residing in Paris. Seaman re- moved to New-Orleans at an early age, and was for many years a prominent and successful merchant ofthis city. He eerved in ti?e last war with Great Brit- ain, and took part in the famous battle of New-Orleane, on the 8tli of January, 1815. -^ '• .—His Excellency, Gov. Morgan, has presented the Rev. J. Stickney Haskell of Nebraska City, with an elegant royal octavo pulpit Bible, embOBsed and bound in Turkiah.' morocco. Mr. H. has returned to the WeBt, having been quite successful in obtaining aid for his people. f. —A story has recently i-been often repeated in En- gland of a relative of-Lord Byron, who was a practi- cing blacksmith. Tlie Philadelphia Inquirer'gives the following as the true version of the narrative:44ped, they presented themselves, and were duly ad- mitted,"e*tim*bJe brother. Spin tutissima (>&*•—the saftst stated to have said, looking at the portrait of Victorhope in that which rehes on Heaven, is the motto-of Emanuel, that he was more like a marchand de bmuf sell's to Aberdeen, 550 niileB north of London, where,when I was in New-York city, Mr. Hyatt, Presidentof the National Committee, received a letter fromParley Hammond, in which it was stated that $1,10918 bad been collected in 1856 and 1857; that id No-vember, 1859, he paid to the Worcester County Com- Mount Holly, some jsixteen miles. If is intended on mittee $500, and desired to know from Mr. Hyatt wliat this road to run the cars by means of Ericsson's ca- disposition had been made of the money. ' • . loric engines,-if they can be made to answer the. We were both totally ignorant of the existence of purpose. Changes are also about.being made in thesuch a fund until the receipt of the letter, j Mr. Hyatt route of theCamdien and'Amboy from Trenton ^to Bean's-Pond, for the purpose of leaving the danger-the Kir g>tons; and a very Irish one it decidedly is in their case."than a king. For this the Court sentenced Mrs. Tay- lor to 22 months' imprisonment. The four laborers tmplcyedby Mr. Taylor, and accused'of participatingfor one month, he indulged his ' taste and taleut^for mechanics' in a menial employment in a machine shop. He then went to New-York, and worked there for two months in a machine shop with.the usual results— drunkenness and discbarge." He contrived to get back to London, and may, very likely, have left the Ihamee Iron Shipbuilding Comcauy's works for better wages in Woolwich arsenal. At Blackwall he was often dead dnmk, although he: would then manage to hoist the' American colors over hie lodging, to be hanioct down on the return of soberness for the Union dacK.being inaugurated ik No w-Jersey. - A horse railway was chartered a year or two ago from Camden to4-BecentJy, at Portland, Me., while the Octoroonwas being* enacted at the theater uuhat city, iIr.,Na- in his political indis-cretibne, were acquitted. thin Winslow, a highly respectable citizen sprangupon the stage as Zoe, at the close, of the pla^, wasnt taking a draught of poi*on and urged her to tiy him by the Underground Railroad. S»„me commont— The Boston^ Traveller contains the following feketch of Garibaldi in 1853:." On the 8th o?/ 9th of September, in the year 1853,responded at once, and I hope Mr. Hammond will ous track on the canal bank, and of getting rid ofpublish his response. Mr. Hyatt laid in jail in defense some ugly curves, and shortening the distance. agents are Baid to have b^com«>rich in a few years uponthe Peruvian b Ark Carmen arrived at this port with a being made by the press-en the novsl interference, Mr. cargo taken on 'poard at Isloy, Peru. Her commander.of a principle, and not because he had anything which This change leaves Princeton some four miles away How much love there may be at the bottom ol au tniaN he desired to withhold. He emphatically ptated that from the road, and will lead to the building of atneir annual salaries of a few huudred dollars—and one) ia referred to* as being worth $35,000^ who, o n ^ f SBked by one of tbe officers of the W l ^ L T r S #00,000, how he accumulated »o large *•«»«,«»» °" would anawer the queetionas « ^ Q M ^ V Q A T u m -wUslow puts forth tbe following explanation:4wax no lees a p erson than G. Garibaldi, then a simplewe cannot Bay." f• • >' . >he Was willing voluntarily to testify. The j Senate re- new road from Piincetoh to Trenton, A branchOn Saturday previous, with my family, I went totheater, and witnessed the play called the *Oc- aiid the snbv# j-ter of thrones, occupying the attentioncaptain of a trading vessel, now as the hero of Italy, lorjoon ' I was much pleastd with the performance, of tbe ettire, civilized world. Tne .signature at thefused to receive hia voluntary testimony, and endea- will also be made connecting Trenton with theJSTAKBOW ESCAPK FROM A TEniaBi.K CALAMITY.— vored to coerce him, and 7in that they faUed. "Mr. Camden and Ahibo r track, for the purpose of run explained how he accumulated ail bisweill,~*_ J><yv)• Manflwith the play in all f& p*rt*» **'ve> & its cbeing bottcm of th ©manifest at the Cu*tom-Houee h in annitely more p'easant and satisfactory to any audience, merchant of this port, Captain Sweeteer (formerly ofweW H so altered that, instead of dying, th« Octoroon the firm c ,f Sweeteer & Norton), who was introduced S o l d e»:ape by the 4 Underground liailroad,' and to Garib; A'di, on the day of hia arrival, was in hia oom-This morning, as the train from the Falls, totj-j'7.30, was nearir g the ci-v, an accident occjurred, whichwas nearly the means of loeing many lives, ^flange and " Honest old Abe " "can .honeetjy: decline toning coal-trains from the Lehigh Valley Road direct to South Amboy, whore a great shipping port willber have wnfeseed and disgorged, in immf ^ J ^ Z up to $15,000. Others not so much% Owof t h e a a j«uigeBted the same to Mr. Koberte, the propnator ollK*p\a*. I understood bim to mgurd the buggestionfcivorably a»d told hj|p I should attend and carry itnany for • the greatest portion of the time until his de- parture from this city, and has since received from him a letter-and present, we glean some remiuia.pulled the eignal to reverse, which was done. Aortu • 2: • iM P " " " ^ Trie >»jo W«*.forcash, with 1 p«r cent off If nately the train was provided with the new .patent and Boston Courier should, .if they honestly desire in- paidVitliln IHdajy*. 1%*> ih»t lot piout; he replied, • come on,' or something -to ihat ef- cencee , of interest m regard to hia visit to Boston. and I surpoeeds he would communicate the plan The ( J»rmeii was consigaed to C L. Bartlttt of thiscity, hiid the position of yptaln of the vessel was uu- ms, however, that be did not. I went to tbe the- dcul >t«dly excepted by Garibaldi as a temporary oc-elegant bar ,d, ebowlupr that in this particular his edu-tbe o'eath of the *lave girl. It then occurred iothat the ec*?ue would be just as effective and infi- cation m y ou'tb had not been nealected. From an olduknowledged to "making fS2 < > * S ^ ^ v h a v Sto [the lady who performs the part of ibe Octoroon. Itater as I had promised, and at tbe moment when the eup ation of his time. He could speak Engli«*i in a Hinule infitauoe the patent brakes undoubtedly savedOttoreon was ' about to swallow the poisonous hrv ken manner, and could not understand it fally asthe railioad company enough to forniaa all the earn oa Untitled Documentdriwgbt, I leaped over the footlights on the stage, ex-J<iel Ivered in speeches; and as Capt, SwecUer uuder-fMtti,? IThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.<:'•mm••.•••;'*.":wvm ••-MMl$mM" .f i& 09 CI-!. •'WEW-YQRK X^AHiY T K I W J ^6; 1^60,i •'•>•MO^M-wbo*e eanards are decoding the geese of the nationali- Birmingham a vifit, with the view of making a special took agaod deal of notice of anythirg new, and always balaDce-of-power men, then"*tbey w*re saddled with ties to their own precipitat>* cooMog. Perfectly a*rare appeal for assistance in the work now being consum- ascertained the principle of any mac'ihe whish he'ia-1 .such.men as di-graced the halls of the Legislature,.and is the great conspirator of the most potential, spected. Stauoing one day in front of the Last Ma-tboufh P»ast s*a*-pected, element in the whol-* n>atedby Garibaldi. Capt. de Carteret met the Bir- cr.ine in Fuit n etree4-, he failed anfirsf,to berceive the cal'ed iheiiseelvte Republicans. 'tbe eoannander of the Carmen.- At that we»eti;wpiekGda(riisb|oaldthie baggage car, aod lef*t at "t"h"e depo*tyears whbout mahfcog payment toihe Committee, or Kb« p*m»«d as companion portrait to that Pre-Raphael- not.emulous of histrionic faaoe. but I am deeply inter- light complexion and blue eyes,'looking rather hke an SIR: The editors ef The Express did not publish or PCBL1C BUILDING TAxJ-AH) TO BELL—TIIE FIRST to nm wwt horn Kao«a» City. Th<? io«i<nifi«»nt pro«««4« tfeHeee*pe Go*t» w»e wilderness which astonished all esied m tbe 'Underground "Boad/and wiah to keep Anglo-Saxon than an Itahan,with a light beard around•M.eiatora in the Koyal Acad*my a few years ago^sug- his chio, high »>honk( era an d a! short neck. On »ao<-* in even state the charge which I Drought ag&indt its ma-DISTRICT — OVERFLOW; OF FERTILIZERS--A of couree to go to the tribe, bnt the f,hin« look«an if very touch, mvr* l/m&iu%2b«ew convey«4 than WM b«c«#«iiry to any Witl-theinsti'uiionbffoietbepeople." vv11 ^^nallyworeaplaiucitizAu'BdfesswiliiaKos- 5rh>g Jew waein s-ar-h of. Always poseeisiog one —The " Mies B. of Natchez," whom the Prince of suth hat, but on »tipboardh'«r favorite coBWioie was ahead,beingbk«*r«fiatf»und onantj^n**geme,i*hasIgg Jbeen more than everlingular; the miod, ' in fo-mme to* o'er wroogbt 'e^eooent of clay, fretting tbeygmy body 'o decay/ having wasted it hvo star ii»gly H-r sister is t^>ewfe of Gov. Morehead's son of Ken- xn a center*plative mood, and he then hadnM«tra]eadaverousn*w;andtoseehimoflataisto tucky. Sheisrepresentedasverybeautiful,and *.'T|ry.:iaT?e eorreepohdence with his patriot thereissometruthin,thisstatement.TheRepublicans week. ThisisowingUtheccfntemplatedexpendi- Tsii&ei.bj theUnitedStatesSenate•on'.,$»27thof have beb*ld a viskni impossible of effacement. But be probably created a slight sensation underneath the fDende in Italy, and taose wbo had been .expatriated did have the Governor, and an honest man, too. He ture of $1,500^000 for tie erection of'new public June last without ar diegenting voice), or ho has hot •will perbape fatten now that the good time he has Prince's ribs, ':•/.-, for pohtical cause and were then residents of this coun- was nominated and eleoted without any cooperation buildings in place of the meanest celtection of dirty read it with -any other object than to misrepresent its been *ongti>g for. and has labored with the zeal of a try, and W88 doubtJefB brooding over the plans since from the Brooksite Khbw-Nothings. Machine-smaah- bunks on Chestnut street that ever disgraced a.ohe- contents, and theiehy do the greatest injustice to our nwrtyr'fco bring about, is so fart coming; and this. ' —Lord Brougham completed his 82d year on the realized for the redemption of his country.' At the ing tad rot been invented in 1858, and Brooks was Pailrcad .Company, with which tbe/material interests just while the noodles are telling the doodle*) 19th nit. He ia in perfect health, and last week was ume of his visit, the Crimean war had just commenced, then anxious to come into -the Republican camp with horse c6nni?ry town. The croakers that abound :it is farther off than ev*r, and the doodles and the opinion was expressed in hifl hearing that it ids- dark lantern and other old traps. Bat, the hereabout have bad a spoon in the dish, while those of Central, Southern, and Western Kaaeas, and moreare ssdding to the noodles io affirmation of the intelli- to preside over tbe annual meeting of the National So- ^ g h t reBult in a general European contest. If Buch Lf gfslature was elec ed as stated in my former commu- who own property on Chestnut street, f^om which especially the valley of the Kansas River, are so close-renre. Hs*zmi has sown the wind, and will reap the ciety ft r the Promo*ion of Social Science, at Glasgow. should prove to be tbe.ease,* he remarked, yonmay ds- ly identified. Believing tais, I ftel it my duty to cor-whirlwjed. w> Uo is alone what he wants to reap, as The n ble lord was born on the 19th Seotember, 1778. pend upon it that Italy will make a stronger effort than nication. When the nominations were made a year the buildings are to be removed, have- ;put in their rect 'in thi«j- manner, aoy erroneous iaipreWona thatMgttvg that it must be the identic d animal the Waa-#fth»m>t on*'que countenances ever seen on a modern* Wolraoanc»dwith at Montreal, and whom he afxer- £**•'«ty <»P atd eaiJor jacket. While h?.rc,Gari-cbine->ma»hersasthe realauthorsofthelatecorrupt Lfgiflature. They merely say t h a t " t h e men w'aoQUEERCASE—ANERICSSONLOCOMOTIVE—THE WOOL SALE. .mat«rftf,70»dpt»rpo«e«. Ther«tr»«ihlnghalfoftberwwsrvatioain to tW*b rorviy*d that every IiwJian will bare hU portion mmmr-waidinquiredforandexprc*s«dadehiretomeetagain, is said to be Miss Shtby Blackburn of that place!-"troliingmenoftheJEtepabheanparty;"that"tha 4,Rei.nblicanShad'the Governor and Lieutenant'Gov- " ernor, and the majority of the Scate-House." Now,.'/./PHUADELPHIA,Oct.2,1860. Our City Loans have fallen 1£ per cent within ado also his hvpTboreao' masters and accomplices, we h88 ever ni»debefore'to,regainheriodepehd«noe. ago, therewasfusinjr, splitting,andindotsing'goingontbevgh for very different reasons from his. It is a raceHe was admired an advocate of the Scottish bar in He never spoke of his own achievements in tne strug- .all over the State, very much hke the style now seen jadles, so'that-.a general stir has followed, themay be created by tb^ said dispatch. ; ' • Ibaldiasmuchaspossibleavoided oublicbbser«ntion, a»d only <.n rare occasona was present at any large assemblpge , of people. He walked :the arrets" made the Legisiature of 1800 were leading and con- TIQSQ. Cox Own Cono»pon.Jcii -ij^Miohbii*::. ,,r . ^ , :r?r?i ' Yourspecialdispatchagenthasbeenimposedupon most egregiouBly by some de igning person, % relation to the contents of th« Delaware Treafrv;^hich wasef revolution wi;h »h-m all—Democrat, Crar, Em- 1800, was called to the bar at Lincoln's Inn in 1808, was 8 V* °%W$Pf ^ his. heroic movements at .Rome and anoug the Brooksite Know-Nothings and the Douglas bondholders been frightened, though none of them You have heretofore been the steadfast friend ofteror an^ King; no loDger R«x Anchovyro-n. for he appointed Attorney -General to Queen Caroline in other places. Upon one occaaion, afri-nd auggested,. spoils r*-gfney; If the Republicans did. not make nomi- desire to Be'l,.and down go their bonds. One of K^UPSB and uer inter-sto, «nd f ^nuctbnie.'ve tha>. youHas sold the saurce of his 3ardine« to tbe frog eaters, April, 1820, and wes Lord Chancellor from }830 to that he might bs in danger of losing his neck. The nations eatiBfactory to the machine-smashers, or balauce- will give countenance 4o anythtog th*t would milrt»teVbo will presently devour himself. No one knows-betterthan J&MZxni bow inevitable is tbe fulfillment of 1834 in Earl Grey'B Government.only regret with me, he Baid smiling, is that I have> the men with ladles sayt that this fair in price has in the Bl'ghtest degree agaiost Ae great interent ot the but one. neck to. lone for the sake of Italy. His. of-powtr pairy, then they would assist the Democrats, caused the bondholders to lose $800,000 already! Territory, viz: th« Leaseewoxfh, Port Riley 6c West- eye was bright, with a quick flash. He though; highly and so elect que of the, sort of, Democrats who fig- Yet these same parties still hold their bonds, don't ern Railroad from tbiscityj up (the valley|of the Kan-the prrdciionthat 'the Pi«*dmoutese pullet will give —On the l8-.h nit. Capt. de Carteret, Secretary totbr»e erowi on his own dunghdl, and th«n have his the Central Garibaldi Committee in London, paid cf Kossuth as a staieeman, but not as a s^ldter. ured.in the corrupt schemes of last Winder,. If the mean to. sellj and never did., How then can they sas River by Port Biley, in the direction of the g^ld tbroftt sut' at the instigation of that Muscovite bird In hia jwalks tbrough the streets he» generally Republicanayielded to the wishes of the over-virtuous have lost anything! T ie money to builcl with must region of Pike's P«-ak, doe west of w. This city,be borrowed, anJtbe lian AviB cause, a new tax of with her 10,000 people^ a'.dbfcrh»rge Wf-sVirn trade: this valley and ite noorehingtowns and.Xiraas; and •$50 per annum to a man worth $100,000. Yet ttis' the Rocky Mountain r*g«on of gold west of us, are allalmost impalpable tax ia made the bugbear with famiHar to you, as you were but recently in our midst. of this movetreut—the Greek Church; and well mingham Committee, and furnished them with some principle, hut changing, bia position, he diacovered it, F< r proof of the charges made above, the people have which inteneely selfish men seek to frighten the peo- I fef 1, therefore, that T am addrsesiDg a friend of our he knows what an auxiliary [alVtit all uucon- interesting details on the latest movement. The one w hen ne remarked, * How simple and yet how ingeni- only to readwh^at took place about a year ago, when ple of a great city from-jabating one of the most in- interests, and of our railroad en erpriss especially. waoTttJ to ite aggrandisement will be found in fact most generbus to his object, however, was, that ous.' He much desired, wheu here, to possess some •the several corruptiouistB of last Winter were nomi-v tolerable nuisances among us. These new city Wi h this .land, the subscriptions obtained, and theXA-ffioriciere when the not distant day' comes for Government charts, and Capt. Sweeteter introduced nated. A list of them is given in THE TRIBUNE of buildings have a hard rdad to travel. So far they crecitof the road, we hope to be able to build it to puttinghitbecbairofPeteranostensiblepippetof Garibaldiianotonewhitthericherforhia-possession himtoF.W.Lincoln,jr.,''thepresentMayor,thenin S*pt.11,1860. ThecolumnsofTheExpress duripg PortRiley,116mile«distantbythelineoftheroad. PnuKe, but in reality an involnntarr exeontor of the •'ofNaple?. Not only did the King leave no treaaure that line- of burioePB, wbo at once gratified the Italian Ocoberbf laft year show what sort of combinations have survived the lawyers, and nearly all the news- This is the opiy road that has a solid basis weet of the will of a very different Peter from him of the Keys. behind him, but he carried off every bit of plate, down captain with a full ser^s.; Garibaldi retarued his were uc&de to elect some of them. I would no* juatify papers,, and, the contract having been put through M'Bsouri River. All of the rival enterprises proj ectadTbosghabhorringthe'empurpledmendacityofthe1a- evento.thesaltspoons. The£80,000thatwasfound thanks,andremarked'toCapt:Sweetser,*NowIfeel theRepublicansinaHtbeydd. It.would.havebeenwithsurpri&ingspeed,ithasnexttogothrough we8'.ofthisriveraxerelyinglargelyuponcityandUeries, Mazziti is so far Bot-a'-arteag that he not oniy rich.' Mr. Lincoln sent to Capt. Sweetser and Gari- believes in tbe St. Helena vaticcixiati-ni as to Em-ops in ihe bank belonged to private individuals, whose baldi an iovitation to the Feetival of the Mechanicfar better to have followed the example of the Repub. lican State Convention in 1858, and let the machine- pmashers go and do their worst. The Republican ma- jority in the legislature mignt have been leas, bat it wcuJd ha^e givtn them more strength. There ia, however, a sort of excuse for the Republicans. At the time the I'Brookeifces were left outside h> the State Convention of 1858. * there were, hon- e*t men among the Americans who thought that their party had not been treated as cordially asCouncils, tbe-Mayor, and probably half the Court*, before the building caiu go on. How the matter will end no one knows, neither can-he say when..The greatest card put'forth'by the Bell men during tee campaign, wjas their meeting and proces- sion of Tuesday evening. The latter numbered some 1,900 men all told. But it is not generally known how extensively] this .party receives aid and comfort from the Democracy. The latter lend the former any number off torches that may be called for, with men to carry them. W ere a Bell proces- sion, pure, and simple; to be gotten up, it would have a lame and impotent conclusion. \Hence they are kept in countenance by the Democracy furnish-ing them with torches, equipments, men—in short,everything but oil. All thiB is notorious here/ andhence the numerical respectability of the late dis-play. But while the Democracy make these loanscoonty bonds, and town lo?s at fabul JUSprices, for a basis. They are gotten up by* parties haviog large town internets, and are puffed into notoriety by barbe- cues and celeb) ation*. to make lots sell. These things do not deceive s^neib'e men. If 'an<?8 should be grant- en for railroad purposes by^Uongressto'Kans'jS. no contemplated road west from any point on the river would cret any land for tbe first hundred miles, because the land is in secood hand*. Therefore none of the many speculative projects could raise the means to buiJd to the land, if they had it grantedto them. How differ* nt is it wuh the Leaven worth, Fort" Riley and,W estern Rail oad. The DeUware tribe conBiBts of «bout 1,100 Indians. This reaty gives to each 80 acres of land in fee Bimol*. withoat the power of alienation; the renidue (220 000 or aWOOO acres) is to be eold to the Leavenworth, Port Riley, and Western Railroad Cuupany, at not less than $1 25 per acre. The proceeds the Indians receive, to improve their farms. The Company pay for this Land in six months after the surveys are made.. -When thebecoming either Kepnbli9aii or Cossack, but he foresees that it may be. bote, at one and th<* same time, and knows Sac reason why that time is drawine nigh—allrights were, of course, religiously respected,—A letter received in Paris, from Algiers, containsCharitable AeBociation Th';' iuvi.tation was accepted. Garibaldi attended ano JisUned to the address, of which be could understand but little, but the mueda charmed him. As tbe times for tbe banquet approached, Gari-the more rapidly because of the one Gatibaldian weak- the following:, ness of personal <?evoti«>n to Victor Emanuel, who, be- "The Jewish ladies of this place intend to present to baldi Expressed a desire to return on board his vessel,ing himself so little truthful, is therefore so little trurt- the Empress a very valuable fan, formed of white os- and was not, therefore, presort at the entertainment."woithv irrespec ive of aasestral p-jrfidity, of which trich feathere of about fifteen inches in leDgth. TheMszsinilia* bad-inst»uctive experiences. The present feathers are fixed in a golden disc, which is ornamented —" I > ill tell you/" said Mr. Lincoln,.speaking par-rule and dynasty in France he regards as an exhalation ronnd the outer edge with fine pearls, rubies, and em- ticularly to a number of KentucliianB wao were prce-' they had a right to expect. They eaid that all honestthat may vanish in a night, from one or more of many erald?; and in the center with arabesques, in enamels fnt at a meeting;n Cincinnati which he addreseed, " Imen Bhould be welcotted to a combication which was to rescue the country from tbe misrule of the corrupt Democratic party. 'This the Republicans were willingCODS** ; and then com - s the programme of the oosmopo'i- OD gold of different colors and with rubles, emeralds,tan (>Tburns, L-dru Rollin. Kossn»h, and himself, al- and diamonds. In tbe center is a Hebrew insoriplioo, though nnmaking the new map of Earope sketched out memioning the conquest of 1830—a date not agreeable>y the maker of wars in. the interests of peace, who is to tbe Moorp, sin :e it was that at-which their domina^ now at the cradle of his race, doubtless meditatiu g a tion in Algeria craeed. The handle ia in coral, fluted new Inllftby.*' . with gold and ornamented with fine pearls. The upperpa»t is divided into two branches, ornamented .with —The subjoined curious particulars respecting a arabesques, and having the imperial crown in gold; wefl-knewn noble family of Ireland are given by the the otber end terminates jn a golden ball,'studded with stars in diamonds, and bearing a ring ornamented'with London eorrespondent of The Liverpool AilAon: rubies»Dd emeralds. Onones'de of the bardie is a "Amorg tbe minor topics of the weekas the finale large emerald surrounded with a double triingle, form- to the Kingston tragi-comedy, the unfortunate Earl ing a star with six points ornamented with arabesques, havi, g quite gone ont of the little wits which misfor- rubies, and brilliants. The;e are also two circles/,in tune fttxi an unlucky hereditary orginization had left fine pearls, relieved with ara'iesquea, and bearing the him. Though spoken of here in no very compliment- following inscription: ' Lf* dames Israelites &Alger a ary terms this n'ght week, he may now be dealt with S. M. llmpcratrice Evghiie, I860.' This magnificentwill tell you. so far as I am authorized to Bpeak for thelees tendet ly and more tru'hfully, «s he has ceased to he sensible to praise or blame. The truth, then, i«», thathewasamostintolerablennicanceinbothHouses of Parliament,for he was even a more pewisteat pest in the Commons than the Lords, constantly taking into th* Speaker's gallery most disreputable and dilap- idated lookirg persons. These were generally very yourg men—apparently incipient bi'lia d markers, ju- venife bonneta to silver brlJn, and mis«*llaneous mau- vai* iujf-u of yrtmore equivocal p-rtainiogs, his asso- ciation with such compamot n ratnrally prompting the least ebarita le criticism, for no one had a good word,to say of him. Hi» appearance and manners were at once pi iable and-repulsive, and AShe waa per- petually obtrudixg bimeelf, chirfly for the purpose of 'horroWing, from everybody peer or policeman, small sums, never to be repai J, and eUemMynary nibblinga in tht-refres ment rooms it isn't to oe„ wondered at iffan is inclosed in a beautiful Arab case.—The Hunterdon Democrat says: "Mr. SamuelWaldion brought to our office last week,a land tortoisemarked by Tobias Nevios, 1737^ also by Joseph Haga-man, 1777, one year after the Declaration our Inde-pendence. It seemB that after the Declaration of Iude-pei dence the old patriot took possession of about four•or conceal their voting insignificance by playing second'fiddle at the pollls to the very Democracy for whose defeat-they nominated Bell and Everett. ,It is now believed that we shall be able to purge Tom Florence's district by electing Butler. The public pulse outeide the Navy-Yard indicates very great changes among the' old, olind adherents of the Democracy. In addition to this, Butler'B friends areprodigiouslyactive,andthen theenemyissplit up on two candidates. Now, Tom slipped in the last time by only 331 majority, there being three ca'ndi dates then as DOW. No one pretends that wehave lost ground since that election, while Tom's party has had the Presidential prop knocked from under it. The Old Public Functi- nary cares nothing about how the next Congress may stand, as by that timeissues for one-half of the land; and when the road is tuiltaud equipped 20 miles further, to the western boundary of the reservation, the patent issues for the balance* Tbis is the substance of the treaty. The Government has rarely if ever paid over 40 cents per acre for Indian lande, and very frequently not over 10 and 20 cents. It has bougbc millions of acres in this Territory at the?e priceA It is now Belling as good land at *30 and 90 cents per acre for land warrants} the caehpriceiB$125. CantherebeanythiwBr'Uufair,un-just, or oppressive to the Indian in thiV treaty ? A great many of these IsdianB' are as intelligent, and as . well educated, probably, as. your correspondent, and**, understand their own bueinesa quite as well as he does^; Congres8 has given millions of acres of land for rail- j road purposes in the various States for nothing, and '. there has been no complaint: but the moment a rail- road company in Kansas buys from the Indians 20^000 .or 300,000 acree of their land at $1 25 per acre, it ia a eusjiicious affair, and somebody is cheated. In the face, too. of the fact that laud-grante and appropriations for public buildings bridges, o t c , have been refussd us, t must eay there is a d'eg ee of inconsistency in the course of your corree pondent that I cannot comprehend.,tipathy to iesft excnsa^le at'.routes. He comes of a tbe acting President; he.respects the current Cabinet; strange, if not a fated race; but the family is in no he belongs.himself to tbe army; and walks, and stands, way related, as is sometimes supposed, to the extinct and apeaka like a free human being. Cheap govern-ball" recently occurred, and it is in a letter about thisthat ihe following deecriptive bit is found. Notice the and his friends goto Baltimore to construct anew dexterity with which the writer avoids the repetition jjarty, which is io rescue ths Government from the handsaged about fifty. Stopping, as they do, within awithin tix and one half miles of thie city; it is fromment, just laws, rational liberty, are the American sode* in whose anrals was the condemnation of the mottots." .block Of the exhibitioh, a.visit has been so quickly ten to sixteen miles wide, from south to/north, and made that thousands, from the city have thronged forty miles in length, from east to west, extendingdaeaX house of the same name, one of the closing epi-famous Duchess of Kingston to have ber hand branded —Elder Kimball, one of the leading Mormon saints,of the cprruptionists. And now the last move of all of any adjectives in characterizing the beauties of the these same Brookses, with their hands still deep in thethe grounds, while the country has contributed its ffom tbe Missouri River to tix miles west of Lecomp-with a red-hot iron, for bigamy with Captain Haivev, recently had born to him, in one night, no leas than afterward Earl of Bristol wbile her far better half, fourteen children.Evelyn Pierrepont. Duke of Kingston, was alive; herGrace e*capirg the pniriahment by pleading —A sen of Abraham Lincoln, recently spent a fewasapeeress,pavingthefees,andgigglingin daysattheWhiteMountains. Whilethere,avery_ .ice of her judges, who Unshed as the strawberry enthusiastic demonstration was made, giving him a re- leaf ccroneted baggage decamped. The present E*rlhas ItwkiJy igoorvd matrimony, which has laid waste ception as the " Prince of Sails." A procession was the otibr xnoiey of all branches of the family. The formed to escort the " Prince," and speeches were44 A grand dress ball came off here last night, andwas most bnlliantly attended by the fashion and beautyof the South. Ton may imagine the enchantment and allto dtfeat Lincoln, the only candidate who has aacres reserved by the Indians, which will be doubled Poweltpn of the prod igious impulse which has been, and quadrupled in value by building this road Thegiven to the manufacture and use of artificial ma- land is Burroutded on all sides by nourishing- towns,Btig-*tioo between the late Lrrd Kingston and his rela-trve, I > i d *Lorton, ranks among the grea4,eet of the fo-rensic i tfrnessTne feuds of the present-day. I t a baorhed much of tbe revenues that should have upheld them much. Tliey say thai for story telling and wit, the palatial mansion of Mitchelutown, the S owe ofwhhin the ball-room. The inspiring strains of. musiclent additional charms to the scene, and gave animationto the merry dance and graceful polka. I was fortu-nate enough to have a few of the most attractive andelegant belles of the evening pointed out to me, amongwhom were the qu*>enLy and matronly Mrs. Col.P******d of New- Orleans, Mi?e J*****n of Nashville,distinguished for her exquisite vocal powers, MissH****?**n pf Memphis, the fascinating Mies M*****Uof Mii?8i£Bippi, the graceful Miss P***e of Alabama,with ihe interesting Mrs. H**l of Mississippi, the styl-ish M\h W***"*r,. and the captivating and intellec-tual Mips W****e. of Augusta, Ga., thebeautifulMrs.M***7f'****e of Tenne88eiTdanghter of the distinguishedand who is most of all oppoeed by the corruptiomstB now in power. No matter for these combinations. Tbe people can dipose: of them all at the same time. Waitmg to see what The Express and i's friends have to say to the charges brought agauiBt its-policyacres of the large farm belonging to Mr. Jerome Wal-dron, fatter of Mr. Samuel Waldron, and has been from the stigma cast on'it by the Ex-Minist-r, whoSo much for the financial principles of the men the ass's.skin will be seen hanging from his recreant concerned in editing The Express. Their politics areseen by some of the family some' dozen .times during a year for a period of some eighty years."—Dr. Cahill writes to Ireland concerning this coun- try: Few readers will recognize this sketch. He says: " Every man, woman and.child believes in the just-eaid that the first Sneed was " a Hessian, sent here bythe British Government to shoot down American citi- « Zeus for 90 cents a month." )•?.of the B8me color. In 1858 tbey wished to come into the Republican party, but the offer was not accepted, as no honest party could afford tojrive shelter to BUCQ. an old rotten n acnine as that run by the Brookses. I n 1859 the famous machme-smashing dodge was tried, and the corruptLegislature thereby elected. In the Spring of 1860 the Union 1B.very much endangered by the corrupt mle of the Democratic party, and Brookelimbs. But among all the victories of the next six weeks, this coming purification of the 1st District may be set down as one of the most remarkable.'—The Charleston Mercury has an agile correspondent who writeB from "Lookout-Mountain House, near compassion for his physical i firmitiee wa3 lost ia an- ness and the equality of the Constitution; he reveres Chattanooga." At' this cheerful place " a grand dressThe Agricultural Fair at Powelton has been aharveBttothe street (railroads. Instead of twentypassengers to a car, the standing number has"aver- see that the northern bouodary of tbis reservation is*•;made, to. which he made a happy reply. The proceed- ings were very humorous, and the " Prince" enjoyedand its acts, I am still aMYSTERIOUSTo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribunt.LOOKER ON.Opposition, what we mean to do with you. We mean to concede, but they were not willing to t*ke into their to treat you, as near as we poeeibly can, as Waahing- party such a set of trading politicians as the Brooksitettcn, Jtneraon, and Madiaon treated you. We mean to Know-Nothing leaders. To pretend to put down cor- leave you alone, and in no way,in<erfere with your ruption by uniting with such men; would be like caet-iDg out devils through a union- with Beelzebub. But institution; to abide by every compromise of the Con in 1859 the county organizations thought they had bet-stitution; and, in a "word, coming back to the oirginal ter not be so hostile to tne Americana as to drive thepropoBition, to treat you, as far as degenerated men honest men of that party away from their ranks. The result of their good intentions was the Legislature of(if we have degenerated) may, according to the exam- last Winter, which can do.no good except as an ex-ples o f those noble fathers—Washington, Jefferson, amplethatno party must allow itself to elect dishonest and Madison. We mean to remember that you are as m6n, no matter by whom nominated, or by wlnai ba-good as we are; that there is no difference between us de refd.I have another matter to 6n>r which will show thatother than the difference of circumstances. We mean the present combination of the editors of Tlie Express to recognize and bear in mind ;always that yon have wi h the corruptioniste of the Democratic party ..is-noas good hearts in your .bosoms aa other people, of as new affair. In fact, with all i'B outcry against weclaimtohave,andtotreatyouaccordingly." municipalcorruption,andhightaxes,nopaperinthe:oity has made BO large a hole in the City Treasury as—The Hon. Wm. H. Stiles, late United States Min- The Express. Thousands upon thousands of dollars aresohberally, they will lend the Bell men no votes.On that tack they must stand on their own bottom, Company build and equip 25 miles of road-, a pitentister to Vienna, and Mr. J. R." Sneed, editor of Tlie Savannah Republican; are at present engaged in abitter controvBrey of personalides. The editor pecu pies a considerable space in hie paper to clear bis namedrawn annually from the tax-papers to support this scurrilous and fanatical Pro-Slavery sheet. As if the Btarvling newspapers published ia the Southern States were not sufficient to demonstrate the unprofitableness of Slavery, we of New-York must support by taxation such a worthless concern as The Express. •ballroom. He sayB:city treasury, have nnite'd with the dieunionists of the South, the corruptionistB of the Nortb, with those who have brought discredit upon the country everywhere,usual teeming quota, though other important shows ton on the Kansas River. Toe road will pass through were going on-elsew?h ;re. There was evidence at these lands, and very near if not tbrooghthe 88^009which the exquisite moonlight scenery, from the long, chance of election by ';% le people, and the candidate opengallery,yavetothefairysceneoflovelyforms •whoieopposedalikebvdiBunibnisteNorthandSouth,nures. There were n e a t and bone manures, phos- phaticfertilizers,pquarettes,plai-termixtures,fac- tory waste, compound phosphate of lime, cancerine (being the whole sheli and insides of the king crab, dried and ground up, (the same being caught in vast myriads on the ^ew-Jersey coast), together with a new fertilizer called phuine. This is manufactured h^re, and consists 'of two- third's' of concentrated animal matter, such as blood, hair, hoofs, j&c., the balance being chem- ical salts necessary to promote and maintain vegeta- ble life. As the proojf of the pudding is in the eat- ing so the maker exhibited evidences of its stimu-Gen. Whitfield of Kansas; tixe beautiful Miss C***e, . under the caption "Mysterious Transaction, " i n which&$m »*&&#*.mti'/•'•such as Leavenworth City, Quiadaro, Wyandotte, Parkville,KansasCity,Weetport,Lawrence,Lecomp- ton;. Tecumseh, Topeka, Osawke, Askalooea. &c It is m tbe >aich<t of the most densely populUed and fiouriflhing portion of Kansas. It ia surrounded on all sidtB by well improved agricultural districts, and here in this center is this large and fertile, well watered and well timbered tract of land, unsettled, unculti- vated, unimproved, and to all intents and purposes valueless to the Indian and white man. <I ask you. Ihow much better will it be f»r both to have a good and substantial farmer on each 160 acres, and a good rail- road passing through it and the center of -the Kansas valley. Your correspondent is as much at fault in his geography, as in his knowledge of the contents of the treaty. His idea is that the Leavenworth, Port Biley and W estern Railroad starts from Kansas Cfry in Mia- eotdi. Tbe fact is, it star*s from Leavenworth City,Dollars" which was paid by Parley Hammond, esq., . than any hungry diner-out would want to eat. The adjoining Port Lenvenwor.h in Kaoeae; it is theTRANSACTION.'1mittee," I beg to give briefly a few facts in regard to ment in front of Mr. Wm. M. Christy's store, north-West from Kansas City, the future-terminus of1the St. Louis Pacific Road. We hope next year to puta road uuder contract "which will connect with the Pacific Road at its terminus. Our nearest point to tbe Hannibal and S t Joseph Railroad isCamaron, 45 imh* dietant The Counties of Platte.. and Clinton in Mis- souri in conjunction with, our county, will commence building a road connecting the two points,in the Spring; the money is n*arly all raised to do it Tne Hannibal and S t Joseph, and Platte Cormty Roads, will complete, by the 1st day of January next, tneir , roadfromS•-.JosephdowntherivertoWeston,wttmia eix miles of this place. ," Abraham Lincoin of Illinois was appointed at Buf-falo on that Committee,.but -when he was notified tbathe was appointed, he declined the appointment. He hearing was funuy The lady proved that she was then the Elector for the State, -and took the posi- ;kicked the box. 'Christy defended the box and tion that this was a matter that had nothing to do with himself—proved tha; it stood within 22 inches ofof course it will be proper for me to state what I know about "the five hundred dollars."your readers may fully understand oar o ^ " ^ ^ ^ ^ position SBa railroad point between the East and W eat If agreeable to you, I may, on some fature occasion," Lincoln is " NOT " the proper perron t9 apply to,"Jo one of tue'wheelB of the forward H u n g e r carMbroke '* arswer inquiry on thifl point,!' for 'he knows, nothing be established.off, and thetiuck jumped the track. Mr. -RmmIgAj 1 The great annual tale of wool in this city was held from Philadelphia to PiUaburgh Tno Cowpaay ha^eabout.it, and had nothing to do with it.^'"'But it seems oh Wednepday, find was well attended by the trade. not criminally puram^d the deJftultin* paities, up«« braieman, wasstanomgion the pWornu^and ouuJdy to me that "Parly Hammond," TAc' Worcester Times 'Everyvariety woBomb: *oed iu tbe Htock, which aiuountod to iheir making reatoration. '<*£ t £ a. ;••-•*_'brakes which were immediately "Bet, bringing tue b ;c S"'a sadden^Uind-etiU. ,oi ^king ^ f f ^ h it wae found that the train was about to pass °TMrTM» trestle work crossing .the' canal, and had .they reached that, the care would probably have been precipitatedUt up wmt 1.C00 j) >und» u»- foimatiou on this subject, ask at home of the' " Wor- _own at 27jc. p«r pauad. Abrouubt -nis.; a lot of line meduia^^c.": "do. oxtiw"lkhL;45io.: Hancock Co., Maine. t Y • . . T T J and not attempt to charge miaappropriation-upon donbVcxttaold flfeco/ool 4«c Tho hlehrrt price obttdu<»dw.'Mfor2,000pouudKofpickedllw»c«.whichwanKnockeddowu -TheBreckinridgeAeeembfrOc-r^m ofthelid " Honest old Abe Lincoln," or others,, who did not tit59o p^rvound.: Unvotthrd lVjca« »old. for 25c.; Santa Fe, District, Queen* County, have nominated the Hon,Inowaword about the matter till a few weeks ago. 1^4c ;black, lt^c ; wbt« obol-jo tub-w»«h«»d- from 42 to 4!iic •, alot of extra lino lb ec* brought 58o Thw bidding w u apUitoS, James Maurice, ex-Congreseman, ior member ol Aa-Will Mr. Parley Hammond infornj the country why and the piic«M obtained wrte nearly up to tho«« demanded by eembly of the lid District ot Queeaii County, the U*4v. The Whole itock wu ivld. >to ihe ground, a distance of twenty feet. In thiswaBlifdflts*ce,wl3i«;bw>HknocKwddownat flic" ceBter Committee"what was donewith the money, . lotH lin.-do. »o d for 2KJo 5 mX> pounds of line old rl»«>o« woolname,wasfoundlastweek inthewooa**""" -.ceeded to kick- not Mr. Christy, but the box, and her husband, the Alderman, proceeded to eue the unoffending Christy, .claiming damages $25. TheThe laBt of July or beginning of August, 1860, ly deciding that evejrything out.of doors must stand call your attention to other mastersconnected with thisclear of hooped skirts.'A new feature in railroad management is aboutenterprise.R««poctfuUy; yoor oWditHit wrvant. „ , . _'. , : J. H McOOWKLU Pj*jW«*• L«avenworth. Port Riley and \Ve«t«n> M M W W.Qffictof th* Leavenworth, Fort Rd^y ami W<*t*rn 'Railroad Co., Ltavenicorth City Ka-ta*. Sept 11, WO.has occurred, according to the statement of TM r< * . burgh Chronicle and Harris burg Patriot, in the way cf swindling by certain conductors and ticket as*^8 on the Pennsylvania Railroad. The whole »Jf"j£* implicated ia set down as 21, and the amount of wear plunder as very large. Some of these ceaductors anuBy an examination of the map of Kansas, you willEXTKKSIVE EMBEZZLING.—A strange ***%"***&* um :.J .-..^..M.^^>.^..<I-••.;•..'•??"»''•••••<::.*+*.' . * - ^ v ^ ><••-.. ::l/.;.lvv.-.)..-j^. ••;-;,... I-,www.fultonhistory.com• •' . .'• ' '• • ' 