 fl12THBT1HFP P niHT-.OOAI. Tf XTMAH HUT YORK HERALD, SATUMJAT,JUJBOHl l rKOTOj this youth's dcaap aTatgwt Las Ms aaat mm stnry. Aad,miadUutroa give us the facts as they are/Whea our hero saw how Trogus avoided his gaze, aad bow be trembled.he knew that the forthcominghad been already arranged. „ ,>rage could he have overheard the plat arranged m T S t S S a law boors afterward* by his daughter and L o S . The Gipsy fathers were crafty;Hark! What is that low. frightful howling thatnes breaking through the forest? It is the voice doer above in thethe blood-hounds! Tlark! why da they howl so tolsinihe belt and: cruelly—so vengefully? Why seam they so eager anything unexpected,,|IVV •M^'W^^''%'VV% MV"*^%V^^ "V^*^^* 'bLi the far comer of a lovely glade in thefeeted that region.One of these forest beauties was tall and queenly,striving for her lover's safety ?CHAPTKB II.tH> BLOODHOUNDS.. Sometime near the mMp*J* * *TM *L* « £ £came down to the cell, aad brought Fabfca seme food aad driafc It was Saul, the robber—or, iin gipsey parlance, the ostilador. He seemed » ttt- ttagiSanto stand ia the shoes of the dead Gower; and surely he was a ready and expert tool ia the hands or the gipeey king,The prisoner had a thought of poison in bis mind,but it did not prevent him from eating; though heand se hot breathed? Hark! they are close at hand, aad their howls ate changed to quick, snuffling cries. Ha!-8ee! They are here! The moonbeams stream in through an opening la the leafy canopy, aad reveal the hounds, not a dozen yards away.As if be bad read it upon a fiery scroll did the whole troth unfold itself to Fabian's mind. Thus could Mohammed gala his destruction, aad the peo- ple of the camp should never know the murderous villainy of the deed. They would think he had escaped from his prison, aad fled to the woods, aad that the dogs bad there overtaken aad destroyed him.Bat-would the brutes take his life?The youth's blood seemed to freeze in his veins as this query came to his mind He now remem- bered a remark he had heard Jasper dropjiaty a few hours before in the kennel yard, while the dogs were so uneasy. The houods bad not eaten a morsel for four-and-twenty hours!The above is all of this story that will be publish- ed in our columns. We give this as a sample. The continuation of it from where it leaves offhere can be found only in the New York Ledger, the great family paper, which will be ready on Monday, and for sale at all the stores throughout the city and country wbere papers are sold. Remember, and ask for tha New York Ledger of March 31, aad ia it you will find the continuation of the story from where it leaves off here.The Ledger is mailed to subscribers at $2 a year, or two copies for $3. Address your letters to Ro- bert Bonner, publisher, 44 Ann street, New York. It is the handsomest and best family paper in the country, elegantly illustrated, and characterized by a high'moral tone.THE BED DWARF.A LEGESD OF NEW YORK IN THE OLDEN TIME.BT WILLIAM HENRY P8CK.Many years before the war of the Revolution there stood a time-worn edifice, of mouldering brick and crumbling stone, in the now magnificent pleasuregroundwhichwecalltheCentralParkof New York. Isolated and bleak, in those days with no attempt at ornamentation npon its rude walls, the old house had been untenanted for years,tion. No one then living could say to whom it I am—true to Hugh."of Arden, (situated la the northern part of War- wickshire, Engtand, and in the midat of which wasbad last ear way, aad . Gower weat forward to loekftrefwdtag- * Gypsy camp, eat two beautiful girls, K'sce, Fabian and myself sat down upon the rook, of the vagraat tribe which ted long in- a little while GoweFeame back, and as hewas about to tell us wh« aehad^vered, masterhdand of a light, fairy-like form, with deep blue eyesand a pensive eat* of countenance, shaded by aa Which he fired at me. The ball lodged b , a yabondance of bright, samay-brbwn hair. Her name wna Klectra, and the wan the daughter of Goade- bald, the Gypay King's cWeF captain.Her companion was Loda, the daughter of Mo- hammed, the Gipsy King himself. She waa shorter ia stature than Eledra; her form was more fall, her face plnmp and dimpled: her eyea of a darkshoulder. He would have killed me if he could.'"Mv lord," he finallv said, addressing the king, easel, and her hair of darkest brown. Both the "this'man hath spoken most falsely. I did shootone towards his place of confinement, and shortly afterwards his door was opened, and Saul again made his appearance; but he did not this time come alone; nis companion, Anselmo, bore him company."Well, my master." spoke the former, "how would you like to smell the fresh air and see theGipsy girl* were beautiful beyond description, aa hepsaoghters of that strange race are apt to be, and on the present occasion both were sad—unn-eualiy and.Electra loved a young man of the tribe, namedblack, that e ' e r breathed.''A shrill yeh, tike the cry of seme fierce beast caught He is only coquetting a uttieTheart as ever the sun shone upon; and Led* washer confidante, and sympathized with her in every-thing- a n d they had that very morning—it wasnow toward the close of the warm summer d a y -learned of a plot, hatched by Mohammed and tion- one course to pursue. The murderer must he se-The Red Dwarf was a horribly deformed mm, ofperhaps thirty years of age, with a savage aad tba^.witii all my timidity, I wasiwere o f / a Ldebald, which would not only prevent the naion of Electra and Fabian, but also plunge both the mai- dens into unspeakable and life-long wretchedness.cured until you can give him such trill as our cus- toms demand.""You are right, captain."' And then turning to the three men who stood in waiting, he added —'Here,sirs, take this fellow and lock him up. Let him be as comforBable as you can; but first seelong that the hunchbacked monster u.enbl'd a huge ape more than a human being.With flaming eyes that rolled ferociously OT r the undaunted front of the athletic youth, as ne placed bis tall and deep chested frame before the trembling girl, and griping with its long spider-like claws, this thing clad in loose robes of a reddish brown, snarled,The bird saw that he was being surrounded eat be fled up, caufeht the piece of cheese and altebte on my shoulder, chuckling ia his low ~way at his triumph.'Let us stand back andsee him burvhis cThe plot was that Mohammed should give hisdaughter Leda in marriage to Gondebald; and Gon-debald in return was to give his daughter Electra inmarriage to Mohammed. The announcement of that, he ia secuie."said Mr. William.Wbea they were atand hid his cheese in the earth. Miss KeareaZanion.Just as they had come to this conclusion, theymain part of the building: but Saul pushed on to a brutes and bade them be quiet They obeyed him far corner, where lie found a door, upon opening in a measure by crouching away towards their ken- which a low, vaulted passage was discovere! Into nel and lying down, but they still kept their fieryfather, the husband of Garrbolta sister, to signaway all his property to him to get me back—do %ot leave me!""I'll tear him to pieces if he doesn't" snarled the dwarf. "I saw his bracks near the house and herewith such a pretty net ^ * "Let me try it on your hair, Madenne," said at William to me. ' ^ THe put it over my head, and they both arete* the effect of crimson over my golden brorateT which was pretty and abundant 'Just then a humming bird attracted MmXm- yon's attention, fche tjok the net from S t e m Dam, aad laid itdown,withcometasselsforsTei the doorstep. I put down Night, and went rm them to ere the tiny bird making himself ilamsth visible in the cup of a hollyhock blossom, warn we returned, the crimson net and tassels were asing was a sad one, for Fabiaa had also heard the sound, and beyond which appeared a tomb-like news. Old Dione, the sorceress of the trioe, had dungeoo, with solid stone walls and an arched ceil- told it to him; and she had also hinted that neither ing, into which the youth was thrust, and the door he nor Electra was of Gipsy parentage—that a shut upon him.strange mystery was connected with them both, What next to expect Fabian was hardly prepared which she might at some time unfold. She hal to guess, though he feared it would be some evil also warned Fabian to look out for his safety. thing-presence of the interloper.In the meantime the three ostiladors conversedapart, and finally Saul and Anselmo approached the prisoner and informed him that he was to ac- compauy them,Instantly seeing that the dwarf was of low in- tellect, if not an idiot, Albert did not wish to shed hisblood,butordering himtoget out of the way he turned to encourage the girt;'•Wolves are abroad, my w>n, ' she said; "and theythirst for the blood of one whom they fear. Look well to thyself and to Electra."The lovers were filled with dismay. Their only hope was in flight; and upon flight they at once re- solved. But whither should they flee? As they anxiously revolved this question, they heard foot- steps approaching, and Electra, by Fabian's com- mand, hastily fled towards the camp, leaving herlover to meet the intruders alone.Fabian soon saw two of the most notorious ruf-fians of the tribe approaching, named Gower and Trogus. They were vile instruments of the Gipsey chief, ever glad to do hi i bidding, no matter how bloody or infamous the service. They generally travelled together, and their disguises were as many and as various as there were occasi >ns forWith a yell and a bound the Red Dwarf was at his threattheir use. They summoned Fabian, in the King's morning, and the fellow should be hanged before name, to accompany them, at once, to Atheratone, night. But I dare not do it now. But—my cap-where they were to meet Goodebald,aod then set tain—your countenance looks bright. What new out upon some expedition of great importance. thought is it?"in denying it? Perhaps, to keep him quiet, and the band of death smote him, sudden aud sure. iron spikes used as a means of ascentthus render their work the more easy. He pon- The hunter was a man of nerve, and did not hesi- For the continuation of this sketch see the num- derered upon it, and was, in the end, rather inclin- tate to appropriate the treasure: and though he did ber of the Ledger which will be ready on Monday,1 had seen him swallow yarn when it was taejM in a mass, and thCfleshiogs of sole leather, tsetse gathered at a shoe shop, and throw them upsame way, bnt I had no thought that he hadMiss Kent oil's net I wished to go to herto tell her of the discovery I had nude,could I cany her net to ber in the condition fl having been thrown up from the crow's crop, oik a quantity of half digested cheese? I felt sere sat would not believe me, unless she saw Night atspeedy work But they were mistaken. Drawing the entiancc of Gondebald.his pistols, he shot Gower dead and wounded Tro- "Sit down, Electra, sit down," her father said. gus in the right shoulder so severely that the ruHai He took a seat as he spoke, and when she hadFabiaa jumped up and shot him with a pistol which be haddrawa ftasebjsbneaav " " " » * forward as quickly as poasatde to help m j com- panion; but the youag man kad wsotfMr £ • » « •THFManfKMI "What have you to say to this? demanded MO- did not relish the food quite so well as he mightotherwise have done. Sam waited a little whde,At first the youth did not know;what to say. He as though from curiosity, and then left Whenthe monster t""He/ Who? What monster?" said Albert"The dwarf! The Red Dwarf! The monsterthat my uncle has placed over sae to keep me in this horrible place.-*"I have seca no such animal," said the bewildered Albert; "but tf you wish to escape I will place you in safety in spite of every dwarf, red, green, blue• M i m e CIIM«, i , kept j m « , Z Z E £ .{Gswasffir^gisr"You cant catch hba,U How gravely sweet Lis voice i her name, and how aadaad echad expected something of this Had, and yet the cool falsehood of Trogus for a moment confounded him. He tried to catch the villain's eye, but with-Fabian bad eaten what he pleased, ho walkedabout the cell, feeling his way along by Hie wall,talking with hmself as he went In thia mannerhe had spent an hour or more, when ha was dis-out effect . . , ,. . . turbed in his reflections by the approach of someGower, bat not nntil he had triad to kill me; and when I fired at this fellow, it was to escape his poniard.''"A very pretty story, returned Mohamned, with a coarse chuckle. "Such stories are very easily manufsetuied by those who have done greator,nFabian, as handsome a gallant, and with as true a ciimea." Then turning to Gondebald, he con- stars? We have come to lead you oat of thisplace; and I shouldn't think you'd feel many re- grets in leaving it.""That may depend upon what I gain by the ex- change," replied Fabian."I guess the exchange will be all in your favor, that is, if you improve it However, we'll see by and by."When the party reached the upper hall, instead of turning towards the main part of the building they moved on to the rear and passed oat by the stables into a small yard, where thdy were joined by Jasper, a ruffian whom we have once before noticed. In this yard were secured two Urge, pow- eiful bloodhounds, which leaped furiously at our hero as he entered, but their stout chains prevent- ed their reaching him. Nevertheless, he was startled"Not so, Mr. alien." es'd the ladv. aftrerety. m have seen as many man who were flirts aad eal queues a* I have of ouAioch abused sex."sfr. William had probably known some of maid s troubles, tar a shadow passed over hktinued—"Good captain, you have heard a l l , - w h a t ought we to do?""Why."' replied the mau thus addressed, as though he were reflecting seriously, "I can see butbrutal visage,as scarlet as vermilion it«e", with d w t t nyellow shaggy hair and tangled beard, and a TU SO " & .W W * * • * Catcn him.Our hero felt that further expostulation would be useless, so he followed Saul from the apartment, Jasper and Anse'mo bringing up the rear. In the nairow hall the guide lighted a torch, and then pro-distance he flewd o nthis plan had filled the hearts of the two girls withindignation and misery', and they had withdrawn totheir secluded nook to consult together, and if pos-sible, comfort each other. But no hope of comfortcould they cherish. The power of their fathers ceeded to the rear of the buildiog, and thence down by their savage mevements, for he knew their dis- was absolute; and to, all they could resolve upoa into the cellar. This cellar seemed to be nearly as position too well, and he withdrew to the further wastodie<soonerthansubmittosucharevoltingbroadinexieutaswasthesurfacecoveredbythe corneroftheenclosure.Jasperspoketothemy wife when Hugh comes back! Go away!""Ah! he will murder me if you go!" cried the girl, clasping her snowy hands. "Oh! if yon go takeme away with you. My unole stole me from my laid it against her light flaxen curls, s/scaatj, meawaywnujuu.aiyuu^csvuicu*«in,TM.../ uui••.»B<""»<-»«iignvnaxencnrls,soscant?eelr\\Amaidlilra*k«*1~^,A~ j_v_. . ..' parents in Virginia—he is keeping me to force mv 1 old maid like, that 1wondered what she could mmheard footsteps in the forest, and soon Fabian camein view; whereupon Leda hastily quitted the spot, this the prisoner was led, and presently another eyes fixed upon the youth, and their low, deepthat the lovers might commune alone. The meet- door was reached, wliich opened with a creaking growling seemed to tell that they did not fancy the when Hugh Garrbolt saw fit to make it his habita-"We have learned the king's will." said Saul, "and we know now exactly what to do. We shall In the meantime the Gipsy King and his captain go with you a little way, and wheuyou know our held an earnest consultation, during which they ex- object I don't think you'll want to make any fuss.belonged, or by whom it had been built; thoughgray haired men told that it had sprung as from theearth, unmade by mortal hands, and fit only forthe lurking place of smugglers, desperadoes ordemons. The last man, within their recollection,who had lived there before Hugh Garrbolt made ithis home, died there alone ; nor was he known to second his struggles. The dwarf was a giant inhibited much malice and rage, but did not seem able to bit upon any satisfactory course of action.'• What shall we do?" cried Mohammed, starting up. aiid walking across the floor. " Goudebald,' he continued, as he came back, "do you know that the country is already becoming hot about in?— the* the officers of the law have a sharp eye upon us:"Yes,mylord-1amawateof that'" And you know that they are liable, at anytime, to come down upon ua?"'• Ye9."" Then it is clear enough that we must not hive any dissensions in our own camp at present Were it not for that, this trial should come oil this verySo don't be frightened.""I am not used to be ingfrightened, sirs!" saidFabian, quickly and proudly."I did'nt mean that you were," responded the vil-Manfully, then, did Albert's stout sinews, tough-ened in many a wrestle with his burly comrades, where to be seen. I was the last oie beside taxpoint where a narrow, blind hunting path wound Of course, he had to obey: but as Dione'* warning Gondebald bent hjs head a moment, with his its devious way among the big trees, and Anselmotable; the latter truth leaked out when the hunter became a man of money, married and told his wife.was still fresh in his mind, he first went to his tent finger pressed upon his brow, and then he ap- and armed himself with a couple of pistols, which proached his chief. What he had to say he daredhe secreted in h a pockets. not speak aloud, even in that place; so he whis-Before the party had proceeded many miles Eerect it into the king's ear. MLhammed started as through the forest, Fabian became convinced th it e caught the idea, aad convulsively grasping hishad taken a small lantern from beneath his frockto help light them on, for it was very dark in thedeep forest. The moon was not yet up, and thestars could dart but few beams through the rankfoliage of the great oaks. Saul held the prisonerby the left arm, keepiug close by his side as theywalked, while Anselmo kept as near upon the otherside as possible. Fabian remembered his adven-ture with Gower and Trogus upon the rooky precipice, and he could not r.elp feeling that these twoscoundrels might be meditating the same kind ofbusitess as that which he had before frustrated.If such were the case, how should he escape ? Hehad no weapon of any kind, while his conductors Knickerbocker's going there, the very idea waT would rather (hare the corn with the crows if it were armed to the teeth. He conld think of butthe ruffians meant to do him harm. He was certain that they were not on,the path to Atherstone: and as they drew near a frightful chasm, through which rushed a turbulent stream, he saw, by the de- meanor of Gower and Troges, that the decisive mo-wily counsellor by the hand, he exclaimed:— •Good Gondebald, it shall be done!—It shall bedone!"Near the middle of the forenoon—an hour afterthe conference between Mohammed and hissuspicion bydoinganothersuchtrick. So Ic*the net, and laid it in Miss Kenyon's room,she was out, and said nothing about it Sue wisment was at hand. He had walked between them captaiu—Electea sat alone in her tent She hadthus far—one in his front, the other behiud hid— heatd some strange rumors concerning the adven-but now undtr pretext of having hurt his foot, he ture of her lover, but as yet she had not arrived atstepped aside, and paused until the rear villain the truth. The weight of suspense was agonizing,Tears were in the great boy's eyes who had brought me the young crow.way with a feeling of dread that I cannot desert*. The continuation of this little story will be fosss only in the New York Ledger. It can be obtaiaeiat any book store on Monday.OOK our FO' tilt «TEw° TORE LEDGER 05MONDAY at P'^-wk.LOOK" OCT FOB TBI HEW YOKK LBD3RB Of MONDAY at 12 o'clock.LOOK OCT FOR THE MEW YORK LEoasaoa MONDAY at IS o'clock.passed him. and then limped on after tliem.On arriving at the edge of the chasm, the ruffians suddenlv wheeled around, drew their knives, and rushed upon Fabian, of whom they thought to makeand she resolved to seek old Dione, in hopes that she might there gain further light She had risen, and was about to draw her light mantle over her head, wben her movements were interrupted byone chance, and that was flight If he could break away fiom the villains he might save himself.With such thoughts in his mind he walked qui- etly along for some time. By and by he hesitated, and turned to yards the man who held him by the arm. *preposterous.But Hugh Garrbolt, with a sneer that had beengrooving his tnin, hard face for sixty years, defied all known and unknown demons with a scoff tint made the good burghers' hair bristle over their heads, and went alone to "The House of the Ske- leton."was mine, but father will have them killed.""I am sure, John,'' said I, "that a crow cannever be tamed.""You are mistaken, Miss Madeline.George bad one two or throe yean, that was tame as a cat, but so full of mischief the*, he came to a bad end. But nothing will go wrong that you have the care of. I have been a better boy ever sinceLfell to the earth and begged for mercy. On reflec- dote the same, he continued: "I have something " Saul," he said, with much anxiety manifest in The burghers waited two days, and then nodded tk>D, Fabian resolved to spare the villain's life; and to say to you. I think you have heard some news. his tone and manner, "was there poison in that through clouds of smoke that Hugh Garrbolt was aat once set about dressing his wound as well as he could, with a view to getting him back to the c i np. This magnanimous cobduct not only astonished Trogus, but it did more—it touched his heart, aud he promised forever after to be a friend to Fabian as far as it shoald lay in his po arer. He adviied our hero not to return to the camp, as the King would certainly take further proceedings against him; thus hinting, although he would not expressly acknowledge the truth, that Mohammed had or- dered him and Gower to kill Fabian; aud he also hinted about other dark deeds that might b> done, and earnestly besought his preserver not to place himself again in the King's power.But Fabian returned to the camp. The journey was slow, as Trogus could not travel fast; and it was near midnight when they arrived. Fabian went at once to the tent of Dione, aud found the sorceress up, and seemingly awaiting the arrival of some one. She was a strange looking creature, and might have served as a model for any artist whowould picture a witch to the life. Dione was a Spanish Gitano, and she had brought with her from the sunny South many an item of mystic lore be- fore unknown among the English Gipsies.When Fabian had told Dione his story she rocked herself to and fro and muttered "So soon, so soon," and then warning the youth to he on his guard, she-dismissed him with a promise to communicate some important secrets to him on the morrow, and plan for his and Electro's future safety.Mohammed and Gondebald soon learned,through their spies, that Trogus was in his tent, and the King at once sent for him. On being questioned, Trogus told his story to the astounned plotters, Who raved with fury on learning the issue of their attempt upon our hero's life. They soon bent l'ro-gus to their wishes, by mingled threats andSromises, and his cue having been given to him,food*you brought me ?" fool. But when he returned on the third day with"Poison ? No—not a bit of it Whj—what a bag of coin so heavy that he staggered under it you came here, and I wish I had something to giveIs it not so''."•" I have heard vague rumors,'' she replied."And I'll wager a gulden crown that you were about to go out after iufurmati in. You were going to seek old Dione, were you not?"ing a groan. "I do not feel right 0,if there was she spoke, for her father's gaze was fixed updn her poison in it, tell me! If I am dying, let me know!" so keenly that she could not meet it "Bless your body, my master, you are foolish! " Electra, listen to m e " He spoke quickly There was no more poison in it than there is in aand sternly, and the fair girl was startled as she maiden's kiss."heard his tones. " If you trust that old witch "Then what is tlite faintness which comes over you will trust a bengue J TOU don't know her. In me? Why can I not see as I would? What is it ?" Spain she caused the ruin of a thousand virgin* like And the youth put forth his hand as though he yourself. H>» evil eye is upon you. Beware of would feel his way, at the same time staggering, her, or a worse fate shall be yours than any you and leaning heavily upon his guide.ever yet dreamed of. Do you know the story of "Majaro Und^beir ejaculated 8aul, stopping, the terrible charm she wears at her girdle ?" and supporting the prisoner. "What is all this?" No," the maiden replied, wondenngly ; for she you must have eaten too much, and drank too much believed that the sorceress possessed more than of that cold water! I told the king he'd betterLOOK OUT FOB THE NEW MONDAY at 12 o'clock.LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW MONDAY at 12 o'clock.YORK LEDGEkOIYORK LEDGER OK" Yes," Electra replied; but she looked down asmortal power." Did you not know that tint charm was com-send you wine! Here, Anselmo, take hold of him." The roan thus addressed, set down his lantern upon the ground, and started to obey. Thia was the opportunity which our hero had plotted for. " Did you never hear what particular kind of As toon as he saw that he had thrown the villainswent the crownsTwelve months rolled on and still the skeletonof the dead buccaneer held grim and unmolested watch over the table, when young Albert Vande- meer paid it a visit Albert Yandemeer was the only son of a most worthy and respectable widow whose husband had paid the great and final debt when Albert was but ten years old.Ten years more had passed, and though the sad- hearted widow held her head droopingly, as she thought of the past, her soft eyes sparkled with joy as she gazed upon her manly son. Kind, generous,i MONDAY, at twelve o'clock. LOOK OUT FOR THE NEWMONDAY, at twelve o'clock.LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW MONDAY, at twelve o clock.posed of human bones ?"" I have heard so/' said Electra, shuddering.YORK LEDGER, OXYORK LEDGER, 01T H E ] The weisanitary«B Altonlseadwajattack witot a longtwelve o Chatham! SToadwa? She waa a fteCeiucbones tley are ?''" Bones of the finger, I tjhink."" Aye," but that is not all. Mark me : Each bone the eaith. He then took Anselmo, as he wasis from the right fore finger of a girl like yourself, rising from his lantern, and served him in like man- and she weats them to mark the number oT those mer: and then he darted off along the narrow p ith,IO'JK QUT FOR TOE SEW Y»RK LEDGER, OS MONDAY, at twelve o'clock.it cannot be!""But I know!" asserted Gondebald, slowly andamong the tangled boughs like beasts of prey. Many thoughts flashed through Fabian's mind,c i a l l y the Pollards, who were good, honest souls, and who looked up to me as a being of a higher sphere.When I was fifteen Mr. Allen's brother came toreside with him. He opened an office in the villageand added himself to our family, though he spenthis time mostly at his office, and in his own room.Though grave and taciturn, he was a very pleasantman, and all loved or admired him in a sort of far-ofl way. I never could tell how he won all hearts,bnt such was the fact Everybody loved him, just LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, Of as John Pollard loved me. MONDAY, at twelve o'clock.iree Gipsies were sent to bring Fabian to theKing's apartment. Electra dared not dispute her father, and yet she 'twas too late now. The only hope waa in be was by far too daring, as had been his fattier,LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, OS MONDAY, at twelve o dockMohammed and Gondebald were ill at ease. The was unwilling to believe that Dione could mediate concealment; BO, on the first opportunity, he who lost his life in trying to swim through Hell- latter feared that unless he should be able to bestow any such cidel plan. True, she did believe that sprang into the thick wildwood, and waa strug- gate without putting out the fire of his p i p e - a nthe woman was a witch, but still she felt some con-Electra upon the King he himself would never be gling bravely on, when the voice of Saul soundedpermitted to take the fascinating Leda to wife; fidence in her personal friendship. Gonde*baId close behind him. He) turned his head to look; and this unexpected escape and return of Fa- seemed to read the girl's thoughts, and he pre- and as he did so, his foot caught in a stout bian perriiled all his dearest hopes. The sently interrupted them:-*- vine, which sent him headlong among the un- King, however, had deeper cause for disquiet, "But, my child, I did not mean to speak of Dione derbrush. On the next instant Saul waa upon and greater reason to fear Fabian, than re- when 1began; though I am glad that the thought him, with a vice like grasp upon his throat In aexploit that extinguished pipe and life forever.One fine day some phlegmatic youth, who envied Albert for his famous courage, bantered him to go and spend a stormy night in "The Skeleton'sLOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, 04 MONDAY, at twelve o'clock.easmlate v el,"l commencedthe wounded villain, butwhatman could evereufplot amaidta whea r and myself to conductbat the work of aa instant, with thetive Albert A steady snarou forced up the trap, aad a flood of light poured ia upon the small apartment above, from a window there wide open. Entering stealthily, Albert stood erect aad looked about him. A cot bed was In one eoraor^ad seve- ral rude articles of furniture were scattered about Perceiving a door near him, Albert boldly opeaad it and found himself in the presence of a most lovely girl of some fifteen or sixteen years, whose look of terror and disgust, as he entered, imme-' diately changed to one of joy, bone aad surprise, as her beautiful black eyes gazed i?'o his frank and manly face.."Ah! you have come a* take me away!" she ex-claimed, grasping his hands. "Bat where ia b a - • y y * .Bat If <ute lud • nrft^itT£E Jhe saw barnleft herdoubtless have beenthe:be dead until a wandering hunter, demanding shelter at its iron-bound door and prison-like win- dows, and receiving no reply, forced aa entranceand wben we had looked everywhere aad could _ strength and as active as a panther. He howled, find the missing articles, I felt the sharp eyessf snapped his sharp teeth, and tried to sink them into Miss Kenyon fixed upon me in suspicion. A «ts»lain. "I only mean that you should'nt have anyfears of us. for I thought you looked and a;ied asthought you fancied we would do you harm; but as from the rear, and after striking a light with flint aside bis cutlass. For fully half an hour the con- a summer house, where I had indulged in mmtI'm alive we don't mean to harm you in the least and steel beheld a human skeleton, clad in decay-We're not going to hurt a hair of your head." ing leathern garments, seated in an oaken chair in ing all his prowess, hurled his foe headlong downOur hero wondered if Saul spoke truly. If he ghostly grimness. the trap, just as the head and face of Hugh Garr-the seat and was crying bitterly, wh^n I heard fit did, then what meant thia secret denartare from Before this hideous figure was spread upon a bolt, pale and death-like, was peering from bslow. -low grumbling of Night beside me. Hookas a the camp? And, on the other hand; if they did table a goodly store of silver and golden ooins, The weight and impetus of the vanquished dwarf him, and he disgorged from his crop, by a sort atmean any violence, what ohject could they nave which their owner, perchance, was counting when bore Garrbolt down with him against oae of the pumping process, the crimson net and tassels.ed to doubt the truth of the villain's assertions. not fail to tell of what he had seen in the chair, he Meantime they had reached the deep wood, at a said not a word of what he had taken from theand for sale at all the boon stores.MADELINE'S CROW. BT MABY OBME.The honest burghers of New Amsterdam, as itsfirst white settlers defiantly persisted in callingNew York, smoked their pipes for three months indeep cogitation and resolved unanimously that thehunter was a tremendous liar, until a tall, gauntand evil-eyed man from Prance set the town in anuproar by declaring that he intended to penetrateto the spot and make the house his abode. Fromthe very day that the hunter had told his tale theshunned dwelling had been called " The Skeleton'sHouse," and no urchin, however daring, had ven-tured within a mile of it; and as for any sensible, "I wish I did not ever have to kill anything. Imakes you ask the question?" the burghers opened their eyes and whistled that you beside a crow.""Because I feel it here," replied the youth, Hugh Girrbelt was a very wise personage."lam, pure, John, I am very much obliged to you, and I hope you will always be a good boy.""1 will if you will stay here, aud not go away off to California."Now, John Pollard was a great, good natured boy, about my own age, and who seemed much younger. I had stopped his quarrelling with otherpressing his right hand upon his bosom aad utter-"I searched about the place,' said Garrbolt to a score of listeners, as his sneer deepened arouad his lips, "and found some musty papers which tjld me that an old buccaneer had lived there, aud where to dig for this. I dug these 20,000 golden crowns from under the table.off their guard, he gathered all his strength for the tffort, and with one blow he sent Saul reeling towho have fallen into her fiendish toils. She must at the top of his speed. In a little while, however,have fifty of them to make the charm all powerful. it became evident to the youth that he mast soonShe now ha* eight and fbrty. She has fixed her be overtaken if he kept on in the path, for his pur- handsome, and affectionate, Albert, with his tall, evil eye upon you and Leda!" suers were gaining on him every moment They lithe frame, keen blue eyes, and bounding stepI believe very few people know what real home-sickness ia. For two years alter my father left me LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, OS! I was homesick. It seems a wrong to the dear MONDAY, at twelve o'clock.friends with whom I lived to confess the fact, butso it was. And I comforted myself with muchstudy, and writing, and petting the children, espe-"No! no!" cried Electra, really terrified. " 0, were used to forest ranging, and could glide alongnever paced the street ungreeted by gossip, glance or smile from the rosy damsels that festooned the windows like living garlands of beauty on eitheremphatically. "And, now, I warn you to bewareof her. At present her power is limited; but if you he bad not stopped and given the ruffians a few ex- But the good burghers and their better wivesshould submit to her wiles you are lost!" tra taps on the head, while he had them down; butLOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, OS? MONDAY, at twelve o'clock.but tbey availed him nothing. He regretted that side.LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, Off EttBroadAs I was very timid and shy, I made almost allsulted from our hero's love for and influence occurred to me, for now I have given thee a suffi- moment more Anselmo came up, and the youth's handsome face flushed with indignation, "and have my friends among children and animals. I soon be- LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDiER, Ofover Electra. Dione had whispered strange things cient warning of a great danger. I meant to speak struggles were now in vain. As he lay there, never made them a butt for sport And that is the came very much attached to my bird. I called himMONDAY, at twelve o'clock.OOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, OfMONDAY, at twelve o'clock.LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, Of MONDAY, at twelve o'clock.ia bis ear, and her mystic warnings had caused him to you of this Fabian. Ah—you start. You are in-breast, sad tried to assume a look of easy aa- after a moment's hesitation. "I should be foolishpained and bewildered by the fall, and by the grasp only reason I have never entered that bugbear.upon his throat, they bound his arms behind him But if you, John Bloof, will go with me, I will stay with a stout leathern thong, and then dragged him there any night you may appoint"Night in compliment to his dark plumage, and he bad many ways of showing affection for me. We soon became inseparable companions. He nestled in my lap, or my sleeve, when I was studying or writing, and he perched on my shoulder when I walked over the village.John Pollard was a happy boy whea he saw how delighted I was with my black pet Ieven grudged the time I spent in church, because I could not take my bit d with me.One evening I was in the yard in front of the house, which was a small flower garden, amusing myself with Night, when Mr. William Allen came home from his office. He had never noticed me before, though he had been some time at home. I wonld hardly dare tell what a hero of romance that tall, dark, grave man was to me. I knew be was a fine scholar, and Miss Abbott, who was my teacher,had great awe of his erudition. I had dreamed twice about him, before he had been two weeks in the house, and I longed, aad yet dreaded, to have him speak to me.I had given Night a piece of cheese, and ha had buried it in the soft mould of a flower bed; as soon as it was fairly buried he dug it up, aad bit off a piece and ate it; then he buried it again, aad flew up on my shoulder, but immediately he flitted back, and again dug up his cheese, aad having made another quotation from it, which he ate with great delight, he again buried i t He went on this way till he bad eaten thelast crumb of his cheese, and then flew back to me, pecking my hand ia a teasing manner, that said plainly, "Please give me some more cheese." Mr. William, as we called him, to distinguish him from his brother, watched my pet through his pro- cess of hoarding and eating his cheese till it was gone, and then he said to me, "That's a droll fal- low—are yon fond of him, Madeline?"My heart thrilled as Mr. William spoke my name. He had never called me Madeline—he had hardly spoken to me before. His voice was sweat aad manly—a full, round, deep voice, aad yet aa tender as if he were reading poetry. I felt myself blush all over my face and seek whan he spoke to me. and 1 answered without looking up at him, aa I always did, for I never look to any one's eyes till 1 know certainly that I look at a friend. I said "I loveNightverydearly.""Not • bad name for tiki black ruoal," said be.He then called to Miss Kenyom, Mrs. Allen's sis- ter, who had come from Hew Xork the week be-to tremble. Of these things he could not speak to terested!"'Gondebald, but treasured them ia his own dark "Aye—I am interested," the maiden replied,back into the path. A huge oak was close at hand, and having forced him down by the side of this, they bound his ankles as they had done his arms, thus rendering him uttetly powerless, either for flight or resistance."Now," said Saul, as he straightened up from his work, "I'll tell you what you've been so anxious to know. I don't bear you any malice for the blow you gave me, nor for the efiort you made to escape, for 1 should probably have done the same myself though, I must say, if I'd got my hands upon youwhile the smart was in my head, you might have Eipes and ale—using each like a hero himself—Lfeurance, and spoke words of arrogant confidence;but ere he could prolong his remarks, the doorwas opened and our hero was led into the apart-ment by the three ruffians who had been sent for tra. But, to the story: Fabian is under arrest, anihim.When Fabiaa found himself in the presence ofthe king aad his captain, there was a sense ofdread upon aim which he had not before expe-rienced. Mohammed looked dark and threatening, her hand noon her hearthis brutal face being settled into aa expression of "But," punned Gondebald, who, though he moat deadly moaning; while Gondebald, with his watched his child sharply, yet seemed to take no sunken black eyes aid raised shoulders, looked not particular notice of this sudden emotion, "the King unlike a coiled serpent And then the apartment, desires to save the youth if he can, and he has with its dingy, ragged walls, aad its dirty fl x>r, called me to his counsel. We deliberated a very*h the ghostly light from the smoky glass of the long while upoa the matter. It was evident that, i lamp, was not calculated to add any- if Fabian were brought to trial, his condemnation :cheerfulness to toe scene. Bat the youth mast follow, for our plain laws cannot be setTaside.Sere}n *ti3?"iDift£?£n^irsomething of its meaning. He had beea left there windows, all aa firmly closed as the entrance to a * j » beard of Fabian's danger. to die of hunger. No one ever traversed that path tomb, met the youth's first glance sa he paused e^dren together—we have been save the Gipsy hunters, and they might be kept before it He walked cautiously arouad ft, and •dJSSu""*,*!. m l *t e r v e a r s w a k w away until he had starved. As these thoughts came found similar entrances in the rear, but the door npon him, he strained upoa the bond that confined yielded to bis touch, and, cutlass ia hand, he en- his arms; bat the tough thong was proof against tered, not fearing forty skeletons, though brawny his utmost strength. In a little while he fried again; smews might clothe them, At first ha could dis- and he thought that the bond gave a little beneath cern nothing, bat when his eyes became accus-«fi* f « m of addressyou'd get clear of them easy enough. Perhaps soon on his way towards the awful spot, nor didwere I to attempt the concealment of so palpable a truth."John Bloof turned pale at the idea, and took to his heels as his young comrades vowed the chal- lenge wag fair; but Albert declared that he, alone, would dare the unknown horrors of the place that very night"For/' said he, glancing at the sky, "the clouds that scud above > foretell a stormy night to my eye."His word was as good to all who knew him as their eyeaight, and none would have questioned its truth, had he returned next day and said :—"The skeleton is a jovial lad, and treated me to"I am glad that you are so frank with me, Elec-in close confinement,for killing Gower and attempt- ing to take the life of Itogus; and if he comes to trial he must surely be condemned."Electra uttered a quick cry of *pain, and pressedilong to ponder upan these things, for At length we hit upon the only plan by which his" * ithe large oaken chair in which salvation could be effect 3d. We mean to let him by your own wits. And—one thing more—youaddressed him without much make his escape. Do you understand me ?" "Escape ?" repeated Electra:must'nt come back to the camp again. You'll be ia danger if you do."" Hold! ' cried the youth, as the villains were about to turn away. "If it is as you say, why do you leave these bonds npon me?""Because we were so ordered. The king saidFabian, you have had quite JTM* spoken ia a sarcastic"Yea. We meaa to let him escape. A way will be opened to him, as though by accident, and he will be permitted to go free.'With one of those powerful efforts, by which the maiden could at times entirely control the most^ w a a d .Our herolookedgot a bitter taste of Saul's muscle. However, owever absurd the statement might seem to menyou're safe now, and I'll tell you what this thing all means. The King don't seek yonr life—he don't want to have the laws executed on you; so be gives you this chance of escape. But, mind you, you mustn't tell anybody that you were let off on pur- pose. You must make it appear that you escapedwho held it as a firm belief that lungs were indis- pensable to smoking, and bowels to the relishing of spiced beer.Albert Yandemeer cautioned his companions to concesl his purpose from his fond mother, who, though she would not be alarmed by his absence from her roof for a night, would undoubtedly have called in the aid of her stout aad stern brother, the rich shipowner, had she dreamed of this perilous undertaking.Arming himself with his father's trusty pistols, and goodold cutlass that had cloven the scalp lock of some dozen or more red savages, Albert wasteekt/ufi» • atari* whea ad- most pasiionate emotion, she calmed the wild they're to save him from speaking falsely when heroof lam sen .^t,, ** ones •ccusatioa beating of her heart, that utterly concealing the says he can't imagine how yon got clear." Saul spite the roughness of the journey and the tangledihalt H ? rrtSj^many hours pass era he found himself before it, de- • * * Would feelings which were reading her BOUL She could gave a low chuckle as be ceased speaking, and maze of forest and undergrowth that then coveredtaawoundedgipsywasbrought to be in great pain, bat he bore#bere andthestrain;batbewaasoonsatisfiedthat't tomedtothegloomhesawthesilentaud fleshleasUntitled Documentthe sinking of the thong into the flea! •SKS sentinel still grinning la terrible mockery of mor-Me.not plainly understand the plot, but that there was a plot against her lover she felt sure. Shoald she, at present, seek further information from her father, •he feared that she might expose herself, so shs •P°ke from the necessity of concealment whichshe said, " that yon have told me I shall be more easy. I did feell*"% perhaps, than aplanneTSletb^jW^*i5fcI!m^aG^eobald waf f ^ 2 ^ ^ ^ * * ' o o l l t T 0then hurried away, bis companion following close behind him.Fabian listened till the sound of retreating foot-the now well cleared park."The Skeleton's House" was of one story and ahalf, square in shape, and built in the midst of a*» »n»ci» -J?1 ? le»»«ed to prize his .•p^hhnwfck1 mm not deny that Isteps waa lost in the distance, and then he turned dense wood, here and there broken by the raggedhis thoughts upon bis present situation. It waa banks of huge rocks that seemed like stony giantsstrange, and, for awhile, iacompreneaaiuw; but forcing their way to the upper air. Ole iron boundfinally be fancied that he could, at least, imagine door in front aad two strong oaken shuttered"But,"' said Hans Van Schleeper, the innkeeper, boys, and bad otherwise improved him, from a as he slowly filled his pipe, "the skeleton? ' feeling of general good will to his species, and be-LOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER OS MONDAY at 12o'clock."Is there," ?ajd Garrbolt, "My dear friends, you are all welcome to that!"The burghers smoked several hundred poinds of strong Jamestown weed during the following week, and on the eighth day resolved to claim the 20,000crownsgolden crowns for the township. But Moajieurcause he had. taken &boy's liking to me, and would do what I advised.I was a motherless child, and lived with thefamily of Mr. Allen. The Aliens were friends of myLOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK MONDAY at 12 o'clock.LEDGER OXGarrboldtHugh Garrboldt had disappeared, and withhimrents, or brothers and sisters to love, I made friends with sII the children in our school, was a good scholar, wrote verses and stories, and loved pets so much that every little while I was made dreadfully miserable by the death of a chicken or a kitten, or some one of my large and varied family. Somehow I never had pets enough—I suppose because I loved them in a general sort of way. I had been very lonely and unhappy, mourning for my dear mother, and feeling my father's absence very much, though everybody was kind to me, when that tender- hem ted boy gave me the crow.i MONDAY, at twelve o'clock.OOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGER, 01shook their heads as he stepped so gaily, and saidHouse.""I've a respect for tombs," said Albert, as histhrilled upon the ear, aad as Albert turned to greet the utterer the door leading into the other cham- ber was rudely dashed open, and the scream of terror that pealed from the young girl's lips told him that the enrageda ew comer was her dreaded jailer.~a safe"What are you here for? Go away! She's to be down upon the door step, and gave her atteatioMsAlbert's throat, who used his strength alone, dis-could not have hurt me so cruel!v. I left the howdaining the weapons in his belt, and having castand went away into the garden, and took refussatest was doubtful, but at length Vandemeer, exert-good cry.I sat down on the ground, and laid my beaiai"I have clipped his wings, Miss Madeline, and something of the kind, and I could not piyou may tame him and have him for company. I myself that he would vindicate my characterhave killed the old ones, and I can't bear to killthis youngster, for he can't pull up corn yet, and ifhe lives with yon he will never do any mischief." very cold and sharp to me, and I went my tesstffather, who was then in California. Having no pa- 0 0 ^ ^ l l P 0 R T H E SEW Y 0 R K LEDGER, 01iOOK OUT FOR THE NEW YORK LEDGES Of MONDAY at 12 o'clock."Y es I can. Why, he has ne'objeetiher crotchet work aad the crow alternately "had just finished a crimson silk nettinxfahair, and Mr. William admired tt very much.,MONDAY, at twelve o'clock.tark.eroa aW,revie'.Troop u^••tJ-ee\ttmOkdMi'SS"» handkerehinE.»«ryaisciS caused the apparent loosening.tality over tiki worm eaten table, while many amolderiag bone of its frame lay damp aad darkHe sank back once more against the trw, wellFulton New York 13069Thomas M. Tryniski3I09 South 4thStreetIX at twelve*ajfaajatedi mi ba now noticed Uwt (he m m arouad it Looking closely, the youth saw thai fere, to make, a visit www.fultonhistory.com«^-a 