 ;ie>-•* Uttioe i><>.x» Broad -ray, New-York.H e will act in the secondaryvcapaciiy aligned him, tnough-.protesting thatthe-lawoflcae organized) forthwith; call on tfye liberal and the respects in which the Directors have subjected tbey could hardly recover, and migit dispose . last session, as. well as his rights-as an officer-, hare aspiring for contributions; and cover your State, themseftes to criticism. The aathor accuses them tbem at least, to accept the offered, mediation of ] been violated. The position of. Cn:of J&cigjossr\*oou» try; *e much so; indeed",, as to cat effthe «om- own ? W e know the csy of imfairnrss is all iiim sums which must have bien received from these- municatien between Miramoi*and tbe eity of Mex-': \ t IIrecently-issued by the latt*r to the pfoprietorsof the Merchants' Exchange in State street.: J Ii II,-: :. i!l\sifcn«a BnwiMfa-iMUCHAMRg at No. 5W Broadway. ""BoAm—Pleasure Boats,/Metallic Life Boats, atIy«nxaou.'a— largest and cheapaU t-a^iar m the world tiowand Tappen will, of course, be afforded a fair and impartial hearing.TBUE W A I T O » © I T .By-and-by, when Messrs. Dean Richmond and James Brooks, Washington Hunt and Peter Cag- ger, Ifaiah Rynders and Daniel D. Barnard, shall hnve brought their somewhat piebald forces into line, and shall be making their last desparate charge on the Lincoln phalanx, w e shall have goodmen in abundance willing to work and give for the Republicancause. Thenweshallhavemassmeet- ings,andasnow-stomofdocuments,andorgan- ization, costing ten times the labor and expense that would produce the same result if put forthCounty, Township, Ward, Election District, wiih of having violated or transgressed their charter. In the best Republican Documents. 'TAcn-you may the reports, large sums are charged to steamboat rest in the consciousness that the election of Lin- lines on Lake Erie. In 1855, the amount lost incoln and Hamlin is indeed secure.the Foreign Ministers.It appears that the tortuous and double-faced policy which the pretended friends-- of Bell and4 I<hgagedin th:swork; io<, while Mr. Douglas has bonds at par value aie deducted from the fundednearly 100 mtmboTs. The Democrats at the lower etcorted to Cambridge ny the National Laucsra. end of the District, who supported Brownell for Po-1 1trade. His bail in the Brahmin case proved to be want to sell; and the best sing'e argument among sum leaiized from this description of property..worthless. Since his recent arrest he has offered them is ABRAHAM LINCOLN^ SPEECH in our Citythree persons as bondsmen, two of whom proved last Spring. W e do not know another oriefto be worth a good deal less than nothing, and the statement of the issues which divide the Republi- cludes that the Company, in addition to- the re- had not taken place.1?sary to give-completeness to the whole transaction number 50,000 n.embers.Secretary Floyd has left Washington for Virginia toIwould be in then.. Well, what I was going to say was' that the votes that follow them like machines. This is a _ DUBUQUE, l<'\vn, Wcdut-suay, July 18 i860. It is impo8«-ible ior us to copy the series of tables t isten. should arrange it so that all the girls over 13 years of age gteat and progressive age. Virtue, tby initials, Tbe DtmcKiatic C«'uv«-nti n for the lid Distn t ofV•*w*»*yfi*-»" g. V au ««rxChi' m ^esafal "Ppli JCvejrttt C lporar» orgr <tb«-ster, as 21 o'clock.AmssHr»Tbe |C' nv Sehf-rdf All Bradhnry f George E. ( Pre«i- »-ni« aMr. Haroi favor of 8aa tbe Pr«-id«-t-trictEJect'r W. D. ah preamble »>bthe B 11 aidjnoceof can* ; enbseqn^nty , snbsu»nte - ]fromeachC< -with.grmiLr' C<-I Ver.tXM H ticket in the' yx>e*d to ee*-t Secession »v.<A loog del COSlUrtOO, I»lengihitfc*'»' brook's and Jerrey n»tm ticket.A.J. TI. COfrmitte*o ticket, whu to appoint U vention was/ larre, while cere. The c and after a I bad »fI*cM Electors ft oiMr.jCa to Electoral tie MrJ Dngs find sjUourf The Cb«i presesed thtchair .MrJ Hssbputonthe»i cbiriTjg tb«t Bolt to Mr I and 1«U the some seve.e Or foar of ti Sort of indi*An THE ADVA? • Bt JH. B M. Vessel of tb< this port a t ,.let July. 1 Ontbe lie...Ifewfot The st*siUnited bv-te JHOT'OW tor American I Barrpvbir'* Bedorr^ity to Ne-wtotB British O m biruocartes United S «*<Tbe ci r a S Comn-i let wehotoe lei( there, and aComme!Tbe Bar ^took p'sreThe Church .Am<Dgte.. the Ho,. *j DoogJus, C Pa'eoc-f of iThe exer* : jnucbica'ti'ftWT •--'•'••*E»r+,•:•••• -—: ~—~ '•'• •*•"••>•!Business Notice*.reserve his witnesses for the Grand~'Jn*7. then committed to prison.He wasjmw^YORK BAII^rate1 And,ifjfm reallydon'tlikeourodi&mofCe»tr»l for tbe dividends on the State Liner o r erals seem still to* Be-ihvfcroe in thafc part of theTHB LATEST NEWSwjr. B . ST AFFORD'S OLIVE T A R . W*JOTOUT*TAUn mHAWD.iuhoalin*balsamic odor* aro QToogbt la direct oontact with tho lining mom'braaaaofthaTAroetf, BrtmtMal Tube*, and aU th* Air-CtU* of th*Lwsp*; '' '' 1XoUr*laf at oooe any pain or oppression, sad healing anjferjtatifeo or hriUatxnutioo.W«*x OUTX T A R IS TAXKX CPOIC SUGAR, it form* anoaequaJod soothing andhealing «irupforcoughsandallIhruf rtfr"--W»XN OUTK TARISA?rxiin>, its magnetic or concen- trated onratlve powers render it a moat apewdy and efficientFAIX A MMin II^I TOR.Olive Tar- i* not tHeky—doe* not ditcolor.¥u>y Coots a hota©, at No, 442 Broadway, Now-York,and by all Druggirta.J. IL SrXYreax'* |In.OMAMDSCI^MCKFt>WT>KK»Are * soluble prep*ration of iron and sulphur, identical with that exinlng in the bioo« of aperfectly healthy per-Uniting witU the digested food,Tax* EnriTALiia Aim Prmrt THB BLOOD, TBXTIMTAKTEMBK»ITOtun Nsxvocs 3t9TM3t,, • THAT ijmdoaATa *H* Livau,-Taax STRAMWTH»S ran DIOK»TION, .TH»T K««CJLATX THJt Sxt, XXTIO.Vs O* THX BODT,AM» AXX A Sracxric FOK AM. F X X A I * WSAXXXSSXS.PRICK $ 1 A FACKKJK.At Hoi. 442 Broadway, New- York,and all Druggists.#5G1URNEY'S GALLERY, No. 707 Broadway.—The CHICAGO ZOQATBS were photographed at UCKXSVS GALLS KT,those debates, w!»y don't you bring out one o f your bug—thatoureditiongivesMr.Douglas'sSp^eomenGi eat Western stocks since 1855; nor are tbe Urge sourt-esinanywayalludedtosince-thattime..aUSOEmBD BTforamajooraandthet ade. \ • --GROVER & BAKER'S CELEBRATED' IToisxjLxss SMWIMO-MACHJXXS.• The Best in U»t> for/*'amily Sewing.No.-Wot>ro*dway, New-York. JMo.182'Fulton-at, Brooklyn.longs to the author, and who is paid for his work by tlemen, and o» e direct charge of willful connivance a per cettage on our sales. If there be anything at fr-»ud, in retaining employees'inthe department of else on our list that you can print cheaper than wooloetuc 0*JI> a large atock of tfo«t* ofie»j».243 and 244 Sottth-st.Wig and Toupee appttealaihe aky-lignt xoom*. ;HAIR DYE,Factory, No. ie° Beud-»t. Private entranoe for ladies. The i>ye"8FALDIN«»'S FREPAREI>- GLUE. MKrarrbOify anouid h*T« a t>ott<e "—^Tribune.. F O K SAUX K v K K Y W H K k X . • Manafactnred by H . 0 . »i-Ai4>i»e & Co., No. 48 Cedar-st. Foavtrtho* address, Box No. a,tfw)BAI-CJUELOK'SWWSKY.—S. T. SUIT'S KENTUCKY SALT RIVER Jtoviuws, sold by all Druxglata. HXUKXAM U CO.,Noa. 161, <W», *H, and 756 Broadway, N.' Y.cago and Buffalo, known as the New-York Central Lme, wnich is managed and supposed to be ownedtain electoral votes. On this head, The BaltimorePatriot says: be adopted wherever they may be found expedient.ALWAYS SOMETHINGNEW.--Apurehealthytonto, aaci one b«e tioiu the detetenoua and i«uojurious ed'eotasore to follow those in ordinary a»e, has ioog beeu felt to be »do*idr>i*i.iuu La Uie medUal wuild. v>uot» a toulo, ana one soakiitfully oombin«d ftom tne vegetable kingdom as to act inperfect aecM0a*Op with the laws of uatur», aLd thus »uothe the to-day. W e shall doubtless do enough to elect WcakesC stomach, atid at the saoie time »li»j uervou* and otberb>are>identofBuffalo,whohasgainedconsider- roadhisnomorerighttobuildsteamboatsoren- Bellwillloseasmanyofnisoldfriends,wbowillrallytoBreckIrrita-iou*. ai>o tone op ail toe ozgans of which the numan b^>oyhi oa«m.o»«d, i* wtter«d iu Pro£. WOOD'* BsuroaATivx. COKDIAL •aat Huuox> lia>oTATOK. Henoe it is p«r^»otty saa^ited to **ld ua» joang. Keaoer, trjr it. Tbvnaaaaia h»rv already done ••*, »ja4 the teatimony is onlvetsal la its la*or. U. J. vvoc o, Fro- prktoc Dt,pot, i>o. 44« broaow»y, and sold by axi grnggjsta;Lincoln- and Hamlin; but that is not sufficient. We absolutely need to elect a Congress that will heartily'second their efforts „to reform and purify the Federal Executive, restore solvency to the(f managing railways in this country is radically gal ventures the Directors imperil their charter, defective; and, as an example of railroad misman and we should suppose that the danger of forfeiture agement, he proceeds to a thorough and somewhat and the large sums which have been lost in this startling review of the reports, official statementsjbiooks of fir w-York, to unite with two life-long enemies to.ab- soib thfc Bell and Everett ticket, is not calculated to encourage the honest Southern supporters of CoL Bell, wha are going in for him against the field."a d by the poor partisan papers of the North., I t may be inferred that the Committee have acted when seme sudden and strange zeal shall develop, it*elf ia any quaner.THE STEAMER P A WNEE.From all that one can hear aud cannot hoar coo>£ A » K L E &, L.YON SEWLNG MACHINE CO.—All National Finances, and beneficence to tbe whole aaasmiaya warras.Atcd to give better s ttivtaotiwn tnan any others inrt.arter or mbn» remnued. Agents wanted Send tor oiroular. action of the Government. W e want a Congress Oflioe A*« brv^dwmy, iN. y . , or iU* Waahimjton-st., Boston.Company. The author does not rely upon evi- And to crown all, the author of this pamphlet as-dence drawn from sources foreign or hostile to the serts&id reveals the evidence, that the official re-altogether to several hundred thousand dollars.It is impossible from the evidence now before us, to conjecture what, answer can be made to thistbat Brook** and Hunt have never been honestly inlavor of Bell, but have all along been standing onthat peculiar commercial platform which admitsMILWARD'B NEEDLES,WHxxutK A Wiisoa'a — SBWUMA-MACHIMXS.These Needles atemadw by houd, and of the best double-refinedthrough whose cooperation the next Presidentmay nphold and advance the rights and interestsof Free Labor without qualification or compro- officers of the Company. There has long been a mise. Such a Congress may be secured; but only general impression that this corporation has notthe claim of the highest bidder as the supreme cerning the Pawnee, 1 shou'd judge that the praa*ThecaseofHenricoDaCosta,implicatedintheico. Ontfce26thofJune,;Ortega,Governorof Zacatocaa,. and commanding- the Liberal forces of that State, defeated- the CBurch forces underrecent attempt to fit out the slaver Kate, and .in- as his own stenographer reported them for TfieWhat has heroine of these dividends ?Ifone of the-dicted for fittibg out the slaver Brahmin some five Chicago Times; but ought you not la keep the reports indicate that any interest upon bauk de-JProm Washington.•sseU-pfctssjift t* Tb* K. X. TrHmasv m.years ago, the trial of whichmdiotmeBt he escaped humbug in countenance by issuing a rival edition^ posits has been paid to the Company- A great; Ramirez, capturing all his artillery, and takingby fleeing at the time *Qdforfeit^line of railway must every year sell a large qua i- more than a 6housand'prisoners. The*e prisoners,' •tity of, material, • old engines, cars, & c but no it appears, were tep at liberty, and an appeal creditappears:ntbereportsoftheCentralforany made,withwhatresultdoes-notappear,.toMira-< mon to reciprocate by granting liberty to-Urtgv From /theee and other sources, the author, by^f and the other Liberal prisoners inhis hands> Tbe exercising great liberality in his estimates, con- ! expected- encounter between Miramon and Ogazonand at least pretending to circulate it?—We have Speeches and Documents exhibiting straw' bail tendered by those engaged in the slave erdry phase of the great oontrovcTsy, which we"WASHINGTOX, Wedse*day, Jaly 18, 18W/ THE'PURCHASE OF PATENTED ARTICLES*Ajmlfeation has been mad* to Secretary Fliydfjsv sel all the cJdarms not fit'for use now-in poessc si<-n of the Government, and take bie>p»y ia Colt'*revolver*, an arm at present'much needed iataa regular service. But the r^eent aboard l*w, amafr- gled through.Cengreas u ths'ltst hoots of tho ses-hibits some curious revelatioQS in regard'to' the 7third,examined yesterday, stated that his name was cans from the DougUsites so lucid, so able, so con- proposedwithoutauthorityfromhim.Tiredoit vincing.Wedotrustthatspeechmaybereadby by these swindling proceediogs, the Commissioner every voter wbo can and will read it before hisceipts set forth in the reports, have obtained theabove all receipts accounted tor and- unaccounted upon which city he had.imposed-a forced lbai of sion, forbiddir-g the purchase of say patentedcommftted the prisoner for trial.teresting to inquire how many men of straw haveheretofore been accepted as bondsmen by the IT. S. powerful essay on AMERICAN AGRICULTURE A N D Commissioners in similar cases?for of $208,750 80. :• $200,000.. The Liberals flattertbemselvestbatbytection, were it not made up by a process which drive him out of Guadalajara or attack hko< suc- Government:yeateioay,idtttetrZouave Uniterm,and«nenow on©xMbitian; munication was sent in by His Excellency, in reject its argumentsinfavorof Protection. Willabo, ph&iogra?h« of Capt Vine H«U,at4«U the officers of the'•ttrtstinHr'*.^rr" Eaatern W v haveiu*oooiplwtedsixteen new. which he professed to. deduce, by a process of his not our friends everywhere send for at leastTHEAfter all, Capt Meigs has been overreaohosV «Shoauu.iae.eoos, rt«revscopi<>W« ef the Onsa EaaUxu. and aro ready te snppty the trade^-New-Yoik, July 17, ldtstt.*•... . J.(iDaUtXY&SOW.THXNXW 8TORB of BALL, BLACK & Co.Ia tasw open.-aod thw ptibtte afe- invited to an inapeotion of 4the Jane stacs o? ne» a*w» beautiful t^cxxU otiarcd for salo.specimen copies of it I —Ofcnrse,wehaveaninterestinthegeneralDuring the absease of Miramon, he is-repre-rather-Congress has b**en, Jfi respect to the Supar-"T H E STEREOSCOPIC-J&- AMTHOMT, NO 501 Broadway, .better paid work for less profitable, involving a let that be done. The only exception ia our pam-special pleading, he is only to pay out monoy.upon the deficiency, it has froni year t) year borrowed step on their part toward bringing about thit, tbe appointments, contracts, &c. It remakstit-It^a^fraasdsWifaoa^rwey.ooater of giiw-a*.AccOiding to the statement of the pamphlet, it appears that the Central has paid in dividends sev-recallirg the authority which he had depated to Miramon, have declined to recognize tie Miramongeneral charges of incompetency against both gen-It would be in-mind shall have been steeled against conviction. We have issued a brief but most lumioous and.which we are anxious to have generally read. W eA special m* eting of the Board of Aldermen believe that essay alone would give us Oue Hundredwas held last evening to consider tbe Mayor's Thousand additional votes this Fall if it were gen-message removing Messrs. Craven and Tappen erally studied. And no farmer can, re*d it withoutfrom the Croton Department. An additional com- being made a better farmer, even though he shouldTHE BOSTON POST-OFFICE; Postmaster Holt gava Postmaster Gap^n of Bos-own, from a statement furnished him by tbe ChiefEngineer,thattbatofficerhasb^enguiltyoff»vorii.g the contractors engaged in buirding the new circulation of documents purchased of us; but if reservoir, to the detriment of'the city, modi ying any can be reprinted or elsewhere purchasedEmbassadors, since the proclamati in of Zuloaga, and expenditures should only be made by Capt.English Cast Stoei. and WAXXA >TSVD surnxiOK TO AU. OTUXKS. through effort and sacrifice; and now is the fa- been managed in the most prudent aad scrupulous writer's .statements. W e hope, not only for the J. PKXD. M.inwAJtn,.told Hunt, " not worth saving," they could onlyhope to deal with Democrats. Accordingly, they as, desiring to infuse new life into the AgriculturalNo. 21 Wsrreu-st., New-Yoik.BAjutYVlRicopHEKOUS is the best and cheapest articleforDressing,beautiryhig.Cleanauig.Curling.PreservLug aixl iteatorhig the flair. JUMdea;toyit. B»id by Urugxuts.vorirg time. . •'•••>':.• •The first thing to be done is to DIFFUSE INFOR- MATION. This has not yet'been halt* done nor pro-manner, but we did not believe that its officers character of the Directors of the Central, but asX>r. 'BIGG'S WATKRPROOP MULTIPISDAL T'RUSS vided for. There are One Million Voters in the a writer whose argument cannot fail to command will prove to be based upon an imperfect knowl-nothing can save him from being sold outin this climate and wants. That gentleman has large State except a possible unwnlngue&s to buy on the practical experience and ability,, as an agrieulta*is always clean, worn in battnxtg, proteots the cord, and cores >*«*Tri* Also, a new Instrument ivr Varicocele. Astor House, gsaoiayet. 'Free States to-day whose little all of knowledge of tbe interested attention of every reader, who, re?our Principles and our Candidates is derived from lying upon the sworn statements of the mariagersedge of the subject, and thatthe New York Centralpart ol both Democratic tactions.rist Wheats, Italian barleys* &c., are to be special objects of acquirement New and valuable seeds and plant* are also to be obtaiued at anyRailrord has been governed with the honesty, pru- Dr. MAKAII contmuea to apply hie .RADICAL CURE tbe representations of our adversaries. And when Of the Company, accuses them of .having compiled dence, and wisdom, which a corporation of suchThe 4*?** lowi«g grut Harvaio Co p'ia; John Lyons, BHtiAmoi-g int vitiy.ar^B Thom»8 Hill, £,vWm.BThe gn.ecu and six.AttemptFix convii Prison', ai-ei peet tbe irn vas ^h't h;tbrongb b B Becksuin t is BerviOff ot eviiced a a* Prison &li^e principal k«knoclf bun Others wcrtThe scbo Cruz TthloeTom 6c lai>eo. Lin Advicee f: fromiMiraniCONTEST MOSUM CROWD JOUKXifrom Our OviThis city ance of a » Bow,wic, Dutch cou the Sberif piblic fun theugh cr andpapen small and transacted denounced from the aocosnmcKJustice, mands of I to accomr. The whole thisintoler ter the L e county tlocate"thet theinterse •very heart vacant gr Wockstioi tal wrangl Ofnewbui cause thojhandling3D»emocraT JUlCeiRCiuatingidl now olus thick as of havitg is, therethus tafftownint 'Ihnp on ^1 bav e msde voaarvrst, county ii From tl wheat :sTiBMea. boppr rters, Shoulder- Oraces, Sospenaory Bandages, . i . . . •Stlk Ehvstio Stocfcbigs, hJOee Cape, and all suigicei appliances, t>j pretending to character venture to speak frequently holders; of having paid in dividends several mil-tbe Hon. J . Brooks and the Hon. W . Hunt on the - To the Astoetated. Prasa platformattheCooperInstitute last night,along WASHINGTON.Wednesday,July18,1860.Gen.Bickely.haspublibhtdana d-esstotheKnights with the Sage of Bmghamton, the Hon. A . Sohell, cf the Gnldt-n circle in Virginia and. other Soatuera tbeHon.E.B,Hart,aidtheothershrewcpoliti- States.Theyaxeorderedtorepairtotheirencamp- cian, s who were there congregated. Probably, n-ent in Texas, by tbe 15th of September. K<t eara tb«- citizebs of. Texas have raided money a d materialHAMMUk.Co.,Ao.2Veaey-st.,M.Y.,oppositeSt.Paul'sOhnrch. ofWendell Phillips as a Republicanandtoclass The CATAMENIAL CORRECTOR should be used our bitterestandmostimplacable adversaries,theGOOD AOVICE.v In the course of some remarks to the young ladieswhograduatedonTuesdayfromtheMountby every woman who sutlers from uregularities It has never &iledtogiwivlielli>orsaleatNo.inWiiUamsh.,sadby Draggiita gt-peralry. Price s>l SOper bottleIn all cases ot bilious disorders, liver complaiuts *tc, for wbicn preparations of mercury are usually prescrioed' B(rUU>WA>'» Piioa wiu efl'ect the same results without the perzdoions consrqueuoes ari-ing Kiom the use ot Unit udueral poisonTHURSDAY, JULY 19, 1860.TO C0KHJC8P0NDBNT8.W e cWMaei undertake to return rejected Communications. Sasdnea* letters abould in all cases be addressed to THXNnw-YoAtx TKIIIOMX.l o Adrertisers.Owing to tbo recent groat inenwse in the circulationGarii*onianAbolitioniats,amongthesupportersof Lincoln, it is not easy to exaggerate the abysses of falsehood to which their echoes in more secludedlionsmure-than has been earned; ofhavingen-gaged in a variety of business enterprises not per-miitedbytheCompany'scharter,thusincurri> g the danger of forfeiture; of having disposed St. Vincent Academy, Archbishop Hughes madelocalities will dive.sured that orators traversing Pennsylvania, in os- tensible advocacy of Bell and Everett, do not hesi- tate to ast-ure rur«J audiences that the Edrtor of THE TRIBUNE supported Birnty against Clay in1844! wiih any quantity more of issertiqus just as truthml. A n Abolitionist Couven'ion is about to bring out a ticket in hostility to Lincoln, " t h e "slave-hound of Illinois"; while the great cities are to be :nghtened out of their wits by phantas- magoria of old John Brown and Ex-Gov.. Wise, laying their well-matched heads together to plot a dissolution of the Union. W e shall have all man- ner of blue fire and Chinese masks and. tom-toms brought to bear upon us ere long, and it is ourof »he pn>pei ty of the corporation, and not account-ing for the proceeds thereof; aud of having sys-the following excellert suggestions:" Although it is of the utmost importance, young ladies, that \ ou should have a good education, should be accomplished, cul-however, Brooks and Hunt, did not feel themselves at Lb*rty to take such a step until their Committeeto the amount of $4b8,Q00, and ahe appeal,, to ber eLjter Southern States lor contributions. The object ia <}©. dared to be to Americanize and Sout'iernize Moxi»W e, for example, are well as-of T n x DAALT T axacax, and the necessity of putting the tirstgesm ot* the paper to press at an early hour, •*» are couipelledto give aotioe to our Wends that hereaiter all adrerrlsemeDUmtut be handed in before 8 o'ciook in tne evening, with tne sin-gle exception of those inUttded for insertion among the BusinessNotke* on tne toaxin p«ge of the paper. That class of adrer- pressing duty to so ei>lighten and fortify the public The total receipts of the Company from all little speech-of the Archbishop's, relates to the as- Maenwnte-wiB be received until a late hour, but no others can be mind as to render them harmless. And now is the sources stated in tht reports, from May 1, 1853, totaken after 8 o'clock.. The; teachers in the puolic schools can now be paid without dela>—a President fro tern, having been elected last evening. Andrew H . Green,at Albany this evening. JW e trust that the E x - h«-fd iu this city on the 16th ixst., 'ho Hbo. C. Wl Republicaru- of every State, County, Township, disbursements for every purpose except the pay- '• cuisine.'? A young woman should never be con- H<n. John S. Pnelps. He has acopted of the nom-Election District! we mean you! You should each have your well known headquarters, estab lished forthwith, if not already, open at all season •ment of dividends during the samei period were $37,875,017 49, leaving as profits to be used in the payment of dividends and the creation of a sinkingbe gave the same speech at tne Academy of Mu*ic ination, and wil rtturn to Mw»ou.t i-innediatelr and sidered to be well educated until she is thoroughly in this city, and when the popuar enthu*iaHm canvats th* District. He will get a barge vote.esq,.was.the soccessihi candidate for this nonor. .able hours, and well supplied with the most con- fund the sum of $7,015,894 43. 'It however ap- quire, which are usually taught in young ladies' The report of the Finance Committee on tne vincing documents. There should be at least One pears that during ibis period the Central has paid schools, but this one thing should be considered in-•FourthWardteacherswastakenupandadopted. outfordividends$11,439,74683,andhasBetaside Million copies of some cheap Life of Lincoln put inguished orator will make a little addition thiseveningintheshapeof.aeulogyonCommercial thechoiceofJ.H.Teacn,Republican,by932majority.ITS INTEREST IN THE PROTECTIVE POLICY,our author explains. The Company alwaysde- cessrulyinit,whileatthesame time they inter-clares a dividend the 1st of August eachyear, but, pose to cut off any supplies that may betbe yearly accounts of the Corporation are made- font frem Mexico, or his retreat thither.. It is ton ofEcial author.ty to remove hia-office froa* up to September 30th of each year, at which time alleged that in his retreat to Gnadalajart he-was State to Summer street, agreeably t o the noticesuch as stocks in other Companies, old material, whom it had been preved that they used the prop- can afford it, by all means print it. But we en- &c, appropriated the money received for divi-wil not, under the present arrangement, oauchoafr- These accounts, coming from Vera Cruz, must ceed the sum of $500,000 as estimated by.Cast.treat you, friends, not to wrap yourselves in sloth- fit. Thesecharges,vthicb wedaresayare destitute ful security; notto aDow the present golden mo- of foundation in truth, were submitted to a select ment to pass unimproved; not to rely on the mean L A D D , WEBSTRR <fc CO.'S JLMPROVEu TlGHT- committee of three, before win m Messrs. Craven resource of beggery, but organize (if not alreadydends on railroad stock, interest on deposits, & c , and that when these means fail it has made use of the earnings of the succeeding year.be received with, some hesitation. If. true, they seem to place Miramon in a precarious position. The dispersion of the army which he commands wou d be a blow to t i e Church party from whichMeigs. Tbe latter is to see that the wonkas dona according to his plans, and will therefore- hav*- hishands full.was first offeied ta. Capt. Whiting of the-Topo- graphical Engineers, but was declined by bitm.THE UNIOefc ELECTORAL TICKETS.WHEELER & WILSON'S SEWINO-MACHINES.*•Wemeferthemforfamily use."—ITrihnne. a « a w are the faTorite* ivxia«iilie«.r'—[Tinies.erty and labor of the department for private bene-T B EA pamphlet has lately been published iu Buffaloupon the system of railroad management in the United States, which deserves the careful attentionvator at Buffalo, and leased it to private individu- ii jury to that ticket in those Southern States whereals, and a line of propellers was run between Chi- it has strength, and might reasonably hope to ob- General Committee here against what ace termedCENTfCAJLKAJULKOAJ>.ing lorce or effioaoy of instructions of th& Douglas Union electoral, tickets. The' latter witf- probablyhad spread the evidence of their folly and rapacity uponthepage»oftheirreports. Audyet,hereiswell for the interests of the stockholders and.thebusiness community generally, that this pamphletwitheitherBreckinridgeorDouglas. AsforBell,to Europe to purchase good seeds suited to ourNow that Breckinridge is rising rapidly in theLadies waited upon or a fsuuaie in private rooms. Uataiug journals printed in this focus of intelligence and false exhibits to tbe Government and the scock- wealth and importance requires from its managers. popular scale, we had some expectation of seeing cost consistent with the appropriation of $f»,0<W.Tncae with succe**, in efiecting cores ot Hernia or Rnpt^ie.Miramon, after facing the enemy, hada^oideda sumof$4,891,86848rleavingadeficitoverand battle,andhadfallen.backUponGuadalajara^;Meigs, or under his au&sority; but; by asort#f"EMFOBJtUM,Cstalofoes sen* on receipt of stamp, ^autographic materials loss of over $40,000 to the city. There are other phlet Life of Lincoln, of which the copyright be- eral millions more than it, has earned. T o make up administration. This may be supposed to- be a certi6cate» of Capj. Beoham, tho latter te maka-their contracts so as to substitute more valuable audcheaper than of thisestablishment,by 'allmeansarticle by the War aud Nax y Derpartmeots, precedes- : Even this small deficit is sufficient to-eause de- a con ;entration of their forces- th^y may either the Secretary from makings the exebaage, whtoh.large sums, sold the pr. perty of the Corporation,compromise between the contending parties which they are said to have in view.he seen whether the coat of finishing the aqueiucfcIt seems, however, that these are not the onlytematically conducted its afiairs not for, the tivated, graceful, and refined, jet there axe other things that can- oi thiny-two thould give them authority. Pe«haps, lookiugto the et-tablichmeot of a Sonth«m Coiofeder^advantage of the public or the interests of the not be lout eight of. Before another year rolls around 1 purpose on the wfoJe,' it would be best for J* B..to stay in a<y. Shcb a coarse is uj be t*ken «s will not violateto arrange with the Sisters for a new branch of study iu the tbe neairalj'y laws, the Knight going into Mexioo as stockholders, but ill such a way as to serve the Academy. That branch of study is what the French call the the DoufcUs camp while W . H makes the bargain emigtan's, and becoming bona fide citizens, under itvupon 'Change, but charges so grave and apparently so well supported deinand our attention.tice it, though she may he able to hire her cook, yet she should understand it berst If, lor it may happen some day that tbe cook wiU dismiss her. [Gieat- laughter.] What a predicament onebuying parties, just as Bell is to be cheated, audgo lor Old Jacinto, with the whole of the 150,0006 'Congressional Nominations.raimeuso,'aud.thegreatestenthusiamisdisplayed. troubled, because W . Hunt, J. Brooks, and W . The front of the Court-House'is brilliantly decorated the art of creating a home—the knowledge of Duer are really at work for Douglas while pre- v»lib u-aiispaxeni iep. flags, mottoes, &c. The number at Tammany HalL .It is now endeut that Breck- you have not some cheap Life of Lincoln already in reveal this strange and startling deficit are not tne every detail,of housekeeping, and the application present ib fully double a« great as attended the ratitica-inndge will reeeive full ooe-half of tne Demo- u e hands of every voter in your township creatures of speculation,\conjecture, or argument,* raatfo vote in this city, to say 'be least. Read the who will read it. If you have neglected this till but are obtained by a comparison of the yeirly re-, which are evolved like' some curious work from of.the Aineacans and Whigs having long since en- Tuxon Homah, Fred k Sley, aud other dutinguisuedspeeches,andthenlookoverthelistoftheofficers now,weprayyoutoneglectitnolonger, bunget portstotheGovernoaent,whichtheCompanyisby subtlemachinery underthehandofthemistresslisted under the banner of ABRAHAM LINCOLN. The ex-Governor and ex-Congressman are merely using the shadow of a Bell party for business pur- poses; and, as this shadow is exclusively of theirLet us wait andMtoylanders. TbevariousWatdassociadousmarched with transparencies, illuminat«d monuments drawn by lortes, bands of music, and all othsr iadicationa of po- litical enthusiasm. Leitere were read from J. vV. Gei>rd and Erwatus Brooks of New-York, Mr. Ran- dolph of New-Jersey, Leslie Coombs <'f Keawcky, and ether prominent members of the party.Judge Bousiasin Boston,v> ,'••' r, BOSTON, Wednesday. July 18, I860.of this meeting, and see what prominent p )liticians sure concerned in the support of Breckinridge and Lane.One of the best documents for those who have Houaton at Schenectady yesterday. It was not time to read deliberately, is LINCOLN AND DOUG-largely attended, nor was there much harmony in LAS'S. ILLINOIS DISCUSSIONS in 1858. As welaw compelled to make.The first question is, how has this large sumbeen obtained? The reports of course give no di- rect evidence upon this subject, but they contain indirect evidence, by revealing that the indebted- ness of the Company has beeu increased, and itsThere was a meeting of the friends of Gen.creation, they lave a right to i ttogether a dozen of youand order enough'to supply your Ward or Township at once. Do not waste another week.who understands her calling. W e hold good natureto be one of thefirBtof Christian virtues, and goodhousekeeping one of the first of Christian duties.Where tbe two are conjoined a degree of grace isattained which does more than all other outward see how they will come out. circumstances can for human happiness. Trulythe notion. Gen. John S. V an Rensselaer of have no interest in publisniog this, we can more propeity disposed of wtthout being accounted for. the Archbishop is a good shepherd in providing thatIn 3853, the funded debt was $11,463,063. In FIFTH AsstMBLi DISTIUCT LINCOLN AND HAMLINwaa chargedwith notbeinga-frieudofGen. forgratuitousandgeneralcirculation,butevery 1859ithadincreasedto$14,333,77121—auin- holdeducationfrommanywolvesthatmaycome ClubwasheldatiheirroomsinMetropolitanHall, enthusiasticcallsMr.DoughisspokeabouttenmiuuesAlbany presided until toward the close, wnen he freely urge its general diffusion. It is too large Houston, and he left the chair. An address was Lincoln Club should have two or three copies, tocrease in six years, after making all deduction forpayments on the debts of former . companies, as-to their doors in afterlife.IWEXltAN AFFAIRS.fjom the portico. Other addresses were made by Prince street,.'near Thompson, on Tuesday evening Oliver Stevens, the Hon. E. K. Smart of Maiae, andla*t;Wm.F.T.Chapmaninihechair. Aftwtraus E.C.Bailey,EditorofTheBo»UrnHerald. Pravtous acing the butiness of the evening, upon invitatioo, 46 to tbe speaking several hundred citizens shook haadswith'ftr.Douglasinthemamparloroftnehotel. sew members were elected, and signed the roll- This The Annual Commencement exercises at bUuvardadopted,infavorofGen.Houstonasauinde- belenttoallwhowillreadandpromptlyreturn - St4»ckton of New-Jersey was named to ruu on diffuse the strongest arguments on both sides, astbem. .If only to let it be seen that we, like to sumed by the Central, of $2,870,707 36. Pre-pendent candidate tor the Presidency. Com. miumbondstotheamount of $967,600havebeenthe- same ticket for the Vice-Presidency. A presented to the public by the chosen champion of canceled, upon which a discount of 11.92 per cent The return of Mr. McLane from Mexico, in dis- Club meets every Tuesday evening at the same place, College today have attracted au unusual throng.of i was obtained, amounting to $115,337 92. This gust at the failure ot his treaty, appears to have atd, having held only two meetings, yet number now vifbors. The Governor, Executive Council, Mr.Committee was appointed toselect anElectora each, the circulation ofthis work willdogreatticket, and the meeting adjourned amid much con- good. Bear in mind that only Republicans are en- diocount is nowhere credited in the leport, but thepacification of that unhappy country. Itis stateds> published some criticisms on this edition—very d<bt in the report of 1859. In 1854, the Central that the French and English Ministers are about lice Justice, and Vanderpool for Assembly, have also Movements of ex-President TanThe Walton-Mattbews inquest was concluded paltry and captious criticisms they seem to us-—yesterday. Evidencewasofferedtoshowthat noneofhispartisanshaveseenfittoputforihantheprisoa-er,CharlesJeflerds,wasphysicallyin- editionaltertheirownheart. Whynot?Mr.capable of XTianing on the nigh; of the murder; Douglas is the most effective canvasser oi his party occurred in their property, for in 1859 it is re- that eighteen months ago he accused Walton of —we never hesitate to concede and proclaim his duced to $557,800, the stock having been disposedon between the two contending parties, and the Mfere with the regnlar Republican organization.meetingofaNationalCongressforthearrange- Rollontheball—LincolnandVictory. mentofsomepermanentsystemforthefuture.of to the value of $259,200, and no credit appear- Jam, and th»t Walton had told his family physician ond or third-rate, not to be compared with Sew- ing in tbe reports of the Company. There isbe delivered ibis evening before the Frenoh Republicanmaltreating his mother, and threatened to shoot ability—-while his supporters say Lincoln is sec-The Democrativ State Convention was held ia this to our ciiizens of French origin. The lecturer, ClintonMcCarty,esq.,wasu^auimoqaiyuomuantedasard; Chase,andotherRepublicanstatesmen. Very take bis life. After a recess of 5J5 minutes the good: w e agree that your candidate is a first-rateanotherequallynlaccountableomissionrelating tothat Mrs. Walton and her sons earned pistols tothese stocks. A t the date of its last report, the pfirty is weary of the contest The fighting seems who is eminently qualified for the task, will endeavor he Clerk of the Court of Appeals. In the evening the Hon. John C Breckinridge was serenaded. HeRailroad, and of ihe Great Western Railway, to the amount of $817,000. A remarkable change hasCentral owned $551,800. Buffalo and State Line to be going on vigorously in the interior, to aronte to action, in behalf of liberty and humanity, reejfcnped in an able au1 eloqueut speech, professing Jury found a verdict of guilty against Charles Jofhisschool,whileyousayoursissecondorthird stock; it had owned an equal amountformany thoughof the details of Miramon's movements thatelementwhich, after havingplayedsoimportant hutdevotiontotheUnipnaud noConstitution.Jeflerds. T ae prisoner received tae annoauce- rate: Then why don't you help circulate their joint jear*. That Company has uniformly paid large since his march northward we have little a part in the colonization of our couutry, and hi thement with firmness and composure, and said he discussions, and let the whole People seo how your dividend*, once declaring a large stock dividend. distinct information. Notwithstanding the defeatwar of independence, has for ao mauy yeais faded to make its i. iluenee felt in a manner worthy the nombers and iLttlhgsnce of the Fiench population in America.JF*ire at-Ifew-Orleans. NAW:ORLKANS, Wednesday. July 18, I860.was not gtrilty, bn* ty whri«e o f counsel wouldfirst-rate champion uses up our second or third-of Uraga in his attack upon Guadalajara, the Lib-Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069"-' www.fultonhistory.com,J. $. Real & Co.'s haidware store was destroyed byYet there is no credit given in the reports of thefirs tJ-day', and the fire is still raging. <*• ;; •>*science of cuisine. It is the science of keeping hpube, and that w© all know commences with the kitchen. Every young lady, 1 ipti't care if she be a QueenV daughter, ought to understandwith Breckinridge. Then all that would be neces- is said, M«-xio*n sanction. The Order is represented toprivate and political purposes of a few of theDirectors. W e have no desire to enlist iu a madcrusade against the Central, nor to excite alarm that department of life. Even though she. may not have to prac- would be for their great leader to cheat both the leciuithistiealih.taken from the official reports of the Company, should be enabled to spend a portion of the time in the kitchen,which the reviewer presents to support his posi- and become Acquainted with cooking and housekeeping. Here are J . B . and W . H . !Ais Siate, held a? Ctdar R»pids yesterday, nominated Ben. M. Samuels for Cong i ess._ ; ST. Louis, Wednesday, July 18, 1860.Tbe Union County Couvention 10day nominated Albeit Todd'for Congress for the long term, and a full Coanty and Legislative ticket.t ohs. W e will merely *tate, as briefly as possiole, some of the results at which he arrives:will be a new bureau of education. [Laughter.] havethetheoryandsomepracticetoo."W e ahull thendispensable. Music, French, rhetoric, algebra, circulation at once. There are thousands of for a sinking fund $676,766 88, showing a payment the. use of fhe globes, and a variety of otherPolitics—pretending to support one candidate as a means of advantageously selling out to others.The Bell men in the South ought not to beBell ana Everett Ratification Meeting.; BALTIMOKE, Weduesday, Ju'y 18, 1860. The Bell bnd Everett ratificaf.ou here this evening isTW Breckinridge meeting at the Cooper Insti- the young, the indifferent, the ill-informed, the for dividends and finking fund, over and above tbetute last evening wash ghly successful, far superior secluded, who do not yet know Abraham Lincoln, earnings of the Road, of the enormous sum of instruction, are always harmless and sometimes inweightaswellasinshrewdnessofmanagement andhoveonlytoknowtolikeandsupporthim. $5,100,61928. Letitberememberedtrat^ifthe useful. Butofmorevaluethanallofthemis and in eathasiasm to the late Douglas meeting at You are sadly remits, brother Republicans! jif statements of this critic be true, the figures whichThe only criticism we have to m?»ke upon thisWe learn with pleasuie that the Hon. W . Hunt is to have one more chance to bring out .his well-sumption that a young lady can possess a goodauspicious time. September 30/1859, were $44,890,91192. The education and be ignoraut of the "science of Goverhoi will get as much applause as he did when Pr^e was nominated f«r Congress in «ppo»i ion to theversed in the, art aud mystery of housekeeping.There are many things which it is very well to ac- Liprett office. Probably, however, the distin-, i is> • • £ Election in Jttiiwaukec.MinwAtKEE Weduesdty, Joly 18,1860.studies which are made the usual staple of schooltwice attacked by the* Liberal*,, and suffered- con- siderable^ ss; but this statement rests merelynpon a letter from Mexico, wbicli does not specify the sources of th J writer'sinformation.the fiscal year ends; therefore when the accountsare closed the Company always have in hand theprofits for the months of August and September,which, in 1859, were $777,280 76. The reviewerthinks that, whenever the Company fiuds that it.cannotraisethemoneytopaydividendsinany sentedatMexicobyCorrona,,thecommanderof intendencyof^bePotomac-Aqueduct; ThelW«ia- other way, it anticipates this fund, and makes up the garrison, but it is assented that the-foreign tended. that- appointments, contracts, pnrcbasst, the deficiency from that. '..-J ,;such enterpnses is stated at $338,395 25. . TheCompany have for a long time owned a grain ele- Everett are pursuing in this State is- doing great place just as much faith as they please-in the bind-" W e begin now ta suspect that tox. every tea Democratsofbusinesscircles. Itis,weunderstand,written bytheCompany. ItisclearthattheCentralRail- whomDouglasmaydetachintheSouthfromBreckinridge.Gol. •toobtainlocal-triumphsfortbesakeofthespoils.able reputation by various statistical works. Tne gage in the elevating business than it has to buildand Lane. The de'ention of so mtny. prominent mon, alr.adyfrom tho Bell and Everett cause, will, w e £sar, not be without writer begins with the i-tatement that the system a theater, or carry on a tailor shop. By *uch ille- its serious effect, lor the reasou that these are repneseatutiveand accounts, of the New-York Contral Railroadthe dargerous and unlawful course of the Directors.Central, but confines himself exclusively to the ports contain important disci epencies, amountingmaterial to be found in -the official reports of thepews of her success are dubious.THE AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT.way wou'd excite the attention of stockholders toThis is not surprising.The truth seems to beAID.FORPARTISAN JOURNALS.It being understood here that the BreckinridgeNational Committee have an abundance of monay, men. And the poHcy recommended by Governor Hunt and Mr. tney are overwhelmed by applications for materialprinciple of right. Since the Republicans would'ntbuy them, knowing them to be, as Thurlow WeedThe new Commissioner of Pateuts, Gov. Thom- have now got things fixed so that they can trade depa« tmentof his office, has sent out Col. CiemsoaSPRI*SCFIKLI>. Mo., Wednesday, July 18, 1860. I tried old speech. The cerenaouj is to take place At the Bieckinridge and Lane raiificati»>n me^tioirwas all so nicely arranged beforehand in T/wtending to be for Bell and Everett. There was tiri meetings of either i-noci or ibe i)ouo-»cv. thereto of the secrets of economy and good order never a party lor Col. Bell in this State, the mass Nayor Swi nn i ie*<id* d. Speecbes w»re m >d»» hy J .Bowdom Square and all the approaches to the Envere his lambs sh-til be protected by a thorough house- CAMPAIGN CLUB.—A large and.spirited meeting of this Boute were ciobely packed last night. In response toopenedthewayforanotherdiplomaticeffortattheDouglas,andotherpersonsofofficeandeminencewerepurchased the stock of the Buffalo and State Line to insist upon a suspension of the warfare carried Btart« d a Lincoln Club, which will not, however, in-B u r c n .ALBA BY, Wednesday, July 18, I860.Ex-President Van Bmen and John Van Buren were •»tisoityto-day. TheyareontheirwaytoSoaroa Springa. ; ." ,f.,-,;;;asS'i !*>Bemoeratle Slate ConventloB. FKA^KKORT, Ky., Wednesday, July 18. I860.It is not very easy to understand what means these Ministers can have, beyond mere persuasion and argument, for bringing about the proposed'suspen- fion"ofaims; nordoeBit yet appear that eitherTHK FRENCH ELKMJENT IN AMKHICA —The lsotursof Mr. George Batch*lor upon thissubject, which willClub, No. 618 Broadway, will be of unusual interest city «o-day. Seventy•seven coun ios weie represented.itissaid,wouldbeaveryeconomicalonefortbs-POTOMACAQUEDUCTSUPERENTENDENCflG.Those who put: their trust in politician* c a sThe election of City Treasoxvj. to-day, res dt^d _ in.m CSS W I I J I > " . ' « O I » *rtfcirifTilP'ff Mi • *tAw**i*>**»*a'r M; ~*^tr—^^ 'i<^ ii|..^.i..i nii)ijL u«i•IT 