 reahasd thatTEE PlU^ETTliL CAIPAIGE,** asr heads, or ow a wtth the eyes, w* kM« that tt Overwhelming Douglas De- nobly sad__,as* mt^be• asB to haveI anew thatosassat* (A veto*, " We are detera A. Dsugas," aad ho id aaatouae.; are a.great masy iaisTdu .a who wouldIt hi*>•aa jtu*anymythat they ©mild sol explain • *»T of OM—iiimiiM ton aad that a by the power of the What wo loses as satoati u r ) Mow, 1 aek, where hi ths at n o ' maguaatmity aad ruab t&to those Tarfltortoaf It was to gatlittle Giant of Pttneto. (1 deBotrraw Wader 1 shall have aijan*,oatWif«iaotfor*••nttoTtpowerthatGodOM gacrd a the aeasare these «rgans would be nsatoto Lii—'»lB*acotaaaeBoftkeKMM.m toodelicacy g its Bad, u d oud that if God hod aot seated Use aao _£„ eptr.*. x BUBtbe sesaas of me body would bo of ltr, ante arvwe the great BOSSESamong men tor rmra M*, ha BBto.was from th* devil u d wee «Uy for thobear ear banaar, but I ask, has that construction. Yon save con»tructioB* ruaatog bask therebeensayttlagthatbaaiexcitedsomatinentouiaBiu forteacrfifteenyear*tothatenact. HenceIanyttatafirst.jam ato* of a be.'lab appetite; Out wo hove examples Mammoth Convention of the Jiet«B of IBs kmd to me Scriptures, t&e devtl takingDemocracy.ia the warn, oughtto know that there abut frankly aid candidly. Ik BOa that some of our peepte irom tke shop of aa hum - — jupport the Unhm sad the CJESUIU at the North ray that there a no disunion feeling at to* toteilect, totegriy sad JiHOP Tberepnhltsa party extoto hat to oae part of the route You may tell that to others—I don't behave tt. *»r gradations, to a seat in thsof the Catted'to All ta* aay particular abjecwoa to an hoasat. awful and propera ma tnoweth the tbiaga of God hot by the spirit of tbe doors of tbe Institute ware thrown open to the pvb-city have always been a fair type of the sense voice from the street, through one of the windows— Bbe btt gallant bearing aad hto triumphant via- that alavery will go what* it te wanted m spite of the of the entire State—that they expect that the demo " Three cheers tor Seward." Cries of •' Put him out'") dicaticn against all astaiianto. (Applause.) It law, without the aid of law. God Almighty in hto 1fied. Referred w tbe atsimoaiee of the Brethren whoad awkea r«*trre to thatr kaowtodge of the Gamal ofChrm ton kBc wtoBfo waa grrea them by the 8parit of£ee aad « maaliamiiid •paritaaliy m the people. Tookit ik* twroty fourth chapter of Mjubew aa trans rated with national flags, sad to flrent of tha vattibuie aea by Joseph Smith, rssaoaad oa the purityaf t&e traeatatioa: spoke of the agas that are to pre M«e ae ccaisg of the Son of Mas, the roiae of the HTtstoeaBcrs. the tosBmoay of aagaa, the am betag •trad s u i u Earns, the mooa torn oaod, aad the other mi*n woBtJrrs BMnaoaed by Jobs the Beretotor.iMar ftra»'BK obserred that he bad bees rery happy csrag the eoorerenoe m the •acirty of the Saiato, aad to •carat U>" imtrmooies sad aatructtcea of the Brethren who bare been epeaktog to ta, and ha rssislia sil tt the t i t j of urery on*' to profit by the toatouettona that h a l a t e ••«& Be prayed the almighty to give liberally of Ms Spirt tc a i them in carrytog oat the astrucCeaa p e s tor toey were such as will make them happy la Bse and is «tera.tyTne Coafertace waa then adjOBraad oattl the Sth day sf (jcaober. at to o'cock 4. M., at this piaoe.Chvir mog " I^ord. dtomtoB os wtth thy btoatzg.'' Baaeaict.oe Oj DUJUX Srsacaa.Ba<aus bieaad the pecpie m the name "of the Lordka« Car*t. aa-i that aided the great *s*hertBg of April, .•uPOLITICAL INTELLIGENCE.Tm Porr-^K Von OFIiuacu ai laaS-—Many back ra- pfibicaas who haTe forgotten the agnrat which formedThe oae oa the right arm:—Bt rank of the memorable campaign in Dsaoti in 1868 meet.; to Lominau Franca B. Cutting, Esq , as President;Bia that state for Lincoln to the comaiaV erosi) l that the rote was _n his favor two yBow :sr ± J a correct, the following fcotxgs op of theS r a C B OF HON. V k . A. RICHARDSON.Mr. Ri« HAKTSO* said—If it be asked why I, a stranger ncasee democrats are emiaentiy a practical people. They waiting mom impatiently to hear. Called upon as I am, a demand sanctioned to night by at leaf, threemonstration.*Sl'?S!!!?,",,!»M«e,th*eoBau«anltaeprtocimIbadbeeneattermsafoaswael political for a quarter of a(larlesten Ceuvention fl«steiied.been pormttttcg their partes*! —irTtttai to distract aadaim?stdisrupttbeparty No,BO,my friends—far.verytar fiosn it. I boner him far tbe leehag—it ssaulnatnlyabotss that I have net been aaaaaabaa to my aatlmata ofWm. A. Ricnardaon, H. M. Waterson, Henry S. Foote, Judge Larabee and Thomas C. Ffeids.Tbe Douglas Banner Nailed to the Mast,Tha democracy of Hew Terk made a moat iaposmg aad powerful demoastration at tha Cooper InsBtnta taat(Apptatwe.) If we mesa to p-esarve thia government aa our lathers gave it to us, we have got to overthrow both the abolitionists at th--- North and the diaankmists at the South (Applause.) For one, I am enlisted for t i e war. They are my enemies to tha contest, sad I amBc at seven o'elonk, and aot loag after immense crowds began to poor ia until ths hail waa Oiled. The platform, aa a usual on occasions of tfys kind, was splendidly deco-Oh, let him have a little amusement; it won't hurt us waa truly a sublime spectacle, and I would mentalities of climate and soil has regulated that 1(Here some oae from he rear proposed three cheers for advtte you to read that masterly eflort. If tbe facts and will regntoto tt hereafter, tt will ttm Seward, which were faiaaf given, and followed by three therein set forth do not dispel tbe fogs ef prejudice that not needed; it will go where tt te neede 'a?hearty cheers for Mr. llcaardaon.) Fellow citizens, I have been spread over the South, it will be becsaee they protection L»t me give you one other petal aad l a m have trespassad already too long upon your urne. are not allowed to penetrate the Southern mind. Thtt tt done. I intend to denounce nobody Go1 knows my de-ware three inscription*,A—'two**************-****J THE CONdT'.ruriuN ASD THE UNION FOREVER Tmy judgment; and I have felt it my duty, aa a truth sire tt that the whole country should be rtunad; and espe- (Votoea—«• No, not at aJL^') I want you to hear some of Irving aad fair dealing democrat, to proclaim it. Fellow eteliy that my country men cftbe -tooth should unite Intoa my younger friends. I have a lot of them here—Mr. democrats: Let me aay to you, to conclusion, that the old great woik of the prtaer-.ation of the republic Butlaa*That on the liftTHE FEOPLE'd CHUICSw-Aad to tbe centre-— B#* ** ** * **+—•+**+foa pasairajrr, STEPHEN* A. DOUGLAS.enemy i* to the field m two dtvaaaaa—one tt eomaaadedby Gen. Ltocoa, sad the other by Gen aton. There theysre, girt with their armor. Their pinraws are waving,and the voice of patriotism cries out to "prepare to aaeetthem." Let ua obey tbe summons sad be ready for thethem He then introduced to the audience as the next conflict, ao aoon aa the Baltimore (aot Richmond) Con of tbcto-to destroy tbe Union, whtoh waa bate-NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, MAY 23, 18dO.-TRIPLE SHEET.3) Of eratii party (Apptaose) We want a ptattbrm, buswhat ebe do we waai* We want a 1form who aadetnaaoa tt, who a laetxaed wnh _ ___ will give tt a fnacaas sad e meant sampan a saaa of ta- wirttj, of Beatiaexp*rwace,*f esergy, amen washes tovghtsthousandbattle*aadtoeveryesa beea vicarious, fspwaaaa); a amithan any maa sow surviving the character sad tbe 1cauBhry(aad it a to ths ciearmt saasa a saetioaal parry i •"""••" asasmto tt apposes slave labor, which existsjansas » a b:gh mocxtauj thea apoa the pinnacle of theemi" wtd eku.Bg upca him to turn aosei"lBto bread;a «ooM sot perform m rodeo to moke the peopio beajve. Mr that W*B aot the deatgn of tbe Aiaughty; a*P,o*aaBTBthecurrentoftheMlsattaipptaadmakeit«•*? ato Badass* Boy, or that of the afttaourt, so that Tke Mew Terk DfJetntiei to the **** aipeatiy datinguahad from a aaotioaal party. Our allude to Mr. Rhett, ot atoth Carolina, for one. He a a•veoMeaptyIBB>theColombianrer,hewoaiaset dol » neJte people asfleve. From (Be time t u b ? began to• K t me gospel, be tmd sever bod o dapoaiuoa to preachp.:MBHaoBitcotothe peopio,for he always fefthefcw t a s t y of UWBB subject* to talk about that pertain toai larasty of kagdoms toe: God am prepared Tor hacreators*. We snail put off oar mortal bodies, aad they gpeectta of Francis B. Cutting, Hon. etii be reaowod aad be brought forth to t&e reavrreetimsaonmatoatrteiaifwehebatunited,sadwhereeveatato c earry point out tbe certainty of a triumph, is theSooth to prevent tt by oaytog that we shall aot have themaawhomwenavechosen forour leadertotbe North,boldmaa,andproclaimshispurpose. Hewasamong the Mceders, couBseUtog and advising with them at Charleston. Some of them turned away when they saw thattheywereto be lad byhim. Now, while I have never co operated with abolitionista, because I believe thetttheeerymanwhoearnestlyprotestedagaiaattha Clayton Bulwer treaty to the Senate ef the United State*. Thetoanvtoaaajaowaddreeatogyeawtthshamssadaar- ******* —tamm that dartog the dacoastoca apoa the provaaca cf thatveaay. Joss* rtougtes aloae had thatodam1si the BTterrhtefa torktog to tt* pra- bwd the aaahaaaa, even at the teat anmiat, to •gainst tto rattneabac. (Apple<ae ) We wast a+*~*+-******-**+*+*+***+>0>+* i+AThe aaiTnatifia of the masting gradually grew to a cul. nunatiag point with the increaae of the crowd, aad when the band and principal speakers arrived the enthustosm was very great.Among use gentlemen present we observed Lieutenant Governor Kittridge, of Vermont, eu Attorney General Coahiag. Col. afichae! Doheny, Geo. Dougfaa, Dr. John Radway, of No. 23 John street: Alderman Clancy, and a asm bar of others.Colonel STXBRBSS called tha meeting to order, and stated that he had been requested by the Committee of Arrange(Vehement applause.)safe by going out of the Union Oa* plan atone has occu- pied the attention of these gentlemen For ten years past they have pursued s most conaatent course Every year\IMr. WATTSRSOSsaid —**lk>w democrats of New York, I claim to bs an honest, patriotic man, with some expe ranee in public affairs, and a pretty thorough knowledge of their present condition. I belong to that grand army of national democrats in fsnneesee who stand ready tovate the spirit of charity, conciliation aad fraternity, aad we shall see a powerful and todomttable army rally around the hag of our principles aad our leader, aad another overwhelming endorsement from the sovereign people ot the constitution, the Union aad the laws, uaderto tbe Union. Mr Davis undertook to <i»fead Mr Yancey and others from the charge of cttunion Look at Mr: Yancey * spetch, in which he daaarea twice, at tbe pre- sent moment, that tbe time baa eome already when ths South can remain safely in tbe Uaton no longer Tf ae,hue a not only great disappointment a regard to the tier in tbe afuairs of the political parties be tog SEatoBBSBa enough to carry them into operation.of this country, which calls upon every man, (Appiaue ) Do they tell us that they withdrew Mr. Se eloquent Senator was mentally endorsed by those whoadopted, are the doctrines which the democratic party of wtth one vcics, to aamtetaJtaeble language, that tbe Union the country have heretofore and will ever stand by. We itself should he dissolved, that the Southern States of tbe find to tbe first resolution, whim embraces the platformmi a rewrenoe to tbe ptotftjrm tt says —asm in it what is caiied a "Dutch pliak," which, weh»aid, was dictated by an assemstoge of outsiders, whotoo aet a the cUy of Qucaga. Tha we esteem to besa^ry an toealt to tbe American element, wttlcb i nsatl-Baaao powerful a peruon of tbe people a party in Peaa-f :vsa». md as such we aot only eschew tt, but denouncet a s pispuaHiBB snflt to he put forth or say body ofha professing to act in opposition to tbe democraticfaty. The day baa aot yet come when Americana willaw ap their Sntbbototh: aad although tt may ba esteemata txpedieat sad pruawat to poatprae a rtannsaa ofBaa aatsetrre views uatU tbe great question of "black tioaai and coaservative party which existed in the coun- • «KB shall be tattrmtoed sad dsposed of to some*ty the geauemea who voted ia this piaak. aa wel! as •d waich dictated tt. may rest assured tha* the i of Amarlrastom moat sad shall beAjtoBc Tna3ax»BBa—HOB. Atoz. H. Stophena,•a toag Boer cakma tod to saaamaato tbe aaaa> aoceeis of our principles and of the only national sad*toy of the Soutn, aad brag all harmonious m"a the ecaatnutienal party then existing, sad which baa ever existed m this country, always ready to sustain, and can »Conreatoa, has been santsa a daiagsto from sottoin, the constitution sad the Union. (Applause.)eoooty to Has Georgia Secedars' ConvoBtam, Bat to .ay, and for some years past, we look at tbe pic aueh am aii«d for the purpose of aanrt^g deagataa to tare sad see thtt everything ba* been reversed. Whore, BOW. to New York, the former standard bearer of tbeupon which thtt government is founded—toe principles upon which thtt goveramoat has been sad mart be tained. (Appauae.) We find there tas prtocapas 1 dated that wore to 1850, m the adoption of the 1aataftaBaa . ^ ^ ^ w r ^ a s a a l Ott Bas^BmaBSaW estaV Z V H l BBBsaswaaag saaasaa OmTM«T a**BS»aalA«aJ BSBPV* a^^jBiaaBaawasaa y asa BaaaweVaJU aa ^^Krto aaaaaaaBaa I t t Usalves (Lout appaues } Aad aot eery was thaif b i i * a t o «f ato Paawaa tf msrasrat Kdab fmr * S o Sonth ssw to gr»* at oar smanterd bearer, aad ^•aaaaamaw Tiae *m. BTrwJ, tZl ^-> tm • -•*- tawrr amndard bearer, our toadar ths man \t the**•» * a m — i i L T "^^.fatosoaa aaoaavwaas tssn* saanani !TM"'» "_" Tfl\2 aan Bnaasrnti tot ,0,llffI 37•ssBBweaBBBi mi**"""* ^avar*^ T- w ._ __ >BSE - •S sBBaaaltotorpretatm.botttwastte tostrpr _ . a- sw— asaa^waaBem BWBB* taaasa BaaaafaRHMBit DBVCIward tad take bia part to the pub lie soairs of bis csuatry.(Aptilatae ) Without designing or even desiring to detainseason and out of season, to make ths South believe that their adoption by the Senate was the only thing which could save her from immediate destruction. "I would aot give a snap of my Soger," exclaimed the Louatona Se- nator, "for a thousand laws to protect slavery to Kaaaes while a Territory " And why? Because he bad sat tbe '•remote st idea that Kansas is going to be a.siave State " Then Cocjrrereiocal protection to to be extoaded to stoveyou, I may he permitted ta say that we need go bock bu;a very short time in the history of political parties, withincommonly known aa tbe watpromue aiBestiras. We andthe recollection of men now living, to bring to mind thatthe force, sad strength sa 1 muscle, as wall aa the de- with men I have found that man who sells his stoves in thepeadeBce of tbe democratic party had always rested, sad were always to be found to tbe Northern portion of our Union. (Applause.) It waa but a few years ago that spon the democratic party of the North the doty reaud and devolved, aad the duty was fulfilled, of sat ta:n.ig tbe caly national and nnttod—the only contutuStates. Now it any body caa see a principle in thts pro nor Quitman bad done to htt test m towage,issue, and apoa that tttue alone The two cham- picna of these parties went before tbe cous- try, both eadorstog these measures— differing, however, on other matters . sad apoa thattry— f applause) —aad at the same time an onward and progresstve party. We, at thai time, met with constant oppcation from many States of the South. It a only nacessary to call to recollection a few of them to brtog to ourmtods the hatory of tbe past. Baltimore, Louatona,Kenlucky, sad frequently Florida stood in las way of the be committed to a sectional party. (Applause) Now. ttgramme, his optics are much clearer than mine Why, sir, it is policy all over, and a vary unwise policy at that I say this with becoming respect for the amiable gentleman who promulgated It. When will tt become neceasary for Cor gress to pans a law for the protection of slavery in a Territory that B going to be a slave State?great democratic part? ? Where a oar noble and bail the other aide that they aaii their State would go out ofWk-The Bathmore Patriat, wttt:h baa baan bang- kant tsar of tbe East, the State of Mains, that always came up In her strength, brtghtiy breaking through the ia ibi ak-xa of the black republican party iorjoam eJotics of the moralng? Where a Connecticut, taat al-laughter ) They did prectoaly what I should have tonerefused to admits new State into this Cnton on account ofslavery wtthln tt* limits we would ourselves take the toi of Jamea Buchanan as President (Appaase) At thathoping u» aaanre tbe afwniasiion of Ed war 4 i boitod tha Qucago nomtoasa, and BOB pieadai of the Carnal—* WJESI^,-, to TBB aUraa DsiaoATai.—The Toroato ^amaa) Giant m a strong Seward parttoan, and was aot aatojei to tstorato say oppcaaan to him at Ctucago, aa* are all Seward man to Casals, sad If the Mains •••lius dots saythmg to prejudice hto aamnatua at , they bad bettor, to rwtasatog home, keep on lasways was to be found standing wbare tbe greatest ifficiU-w here' ' And they are ready to break up the governmentof "Here a one and there is she other;" "Take thte aadgive me that, because tt will benefit me to make the ex- of dissolving this Union If any one of these enactmentsunless it is done Mr. Lincoln says thts government can could invariably be counted upon as firm sap aot ensure half stove sad half free—taat a house porters of tbe cause of rig at sad tbe powers divided against itself cannot stand. Our fathers beiieveu, when they committed all theae questions to the State* to do a* they pleased in regard to them, that this Union could exist part slave aad part free—that there was 140 iiiiiaasij ooaflict Between them. They said, to framing theconstitution."Sofarasslaveryiaconcerned,hands oil—con intervention" (Applause) Aad we are for Boa intervention BOW. (Applause ) My fellow citizens, there are a nmaher of my friends here to-aajbt who areBat arose* Where are t=e other States of the North, thatchange,' was the beginning aad end of the treaavttim shall be passed. It tt a very grave matter. This repub doctrine thea waa, ae we naa tt m the uueeriiiiiinsi of that 80 it will be wtth slavery ta tbe Teirltorats, If tbe people ltean party te organised spon tbe basis that these enact government "Hancs off" by Congress Tbe P«ocleof a united people' Fused rate tbe hands of another sad aa Ignoble party, whose policy sad « hese design! hare been deadly evidenced to the btccdyraidofJohnBrownoathepeopleofpeaceful Slates—ca the inhabitants of unarmed sad unprotected State*—oa the quiet aad anoffisndtog psoptoof a ineadly state. The daastrous frtit of their gowernmental policy has btec ahown to be gothlag but bitter enmi.y to the cause cf tow aad order for they have aot hesitated tomettto must be adopted. Tf Mr Decern tt elected, they will be adopted within the next two years, sad bs will sign the bill What will be doner Do you suppose tbe Southern States of ths Union will remain ta tbe confederacy Itamybe thatweactedunwisethemselves have tbe abUity.aad they have the right to govern thenmervea and to aay what ktodI of b t e ^ B s s they should have in tae Territoriea aaweUaaathe States. (Jxudapntae-e.) Ia refereae. to tha t w W e , aad to reierencetotheserneeauree,ttanot»UL»"*i'7£at thte Sane. I merely allude to Ito of the taxes• SSVBTSUSTK Bnrrsxic.AjL—0»e of the black repub tear asunder ail those personal and political ta* has* for-(Giies of " Go on," '• go on ') I am aot here to-night todtomaa aad to t laborate this great question af nun-in-tervention. Bot let a * say to our Southern frtoads,that thm is a question of obligation, of good faitb,take the proper view of the weject a a matter practically of but little importance. At toast, such to my opinion, and tt may go for what tt tt worth. I regard tbe whole thtig as a miserable abatisBsaui that caa never come be tore me in any practicable shone, anises I remove to onetime some trouble. Theae are trsabtoasat thtettaaf ami»laagoaabsto nrJatoto has op far ProBdatt, • Hmei over Bthousaadmerly couad together the North and the South. (Ap- plause ) What a It that hat tod to thai prostration of the great party of ths North* Well, guattomaa, tt B that we took upon ourselves at ths North to fight sadseetaaal aad toaattoal setrt! of the day. In baa we were dedmated. We took»u uggie aad the brunt of tbe battfca.fairy, but sat aucceaafully. Wemica often,-and tolled often, but wesave to-day, nearly equal to them in strength owherever thsy amy casose. (Load apaaose.) Now, while we have been waakeasd to •pirtt ia this great triof honor—that I, oa my part, expect to adhereto tt, aad I expect them to do so on theirs. of oar Territories an aet that I have aot tbe alightest ideatry aad tbeof thte f tertebeea Has by trouble, aad also in 1864 saa Nebraaaa bill we aabhaaatogthtooss tad to the other,(armlauma) Tonm m ytt never would have taken pace tf the leaders iaaad peril,s a d , tofast, thewholehruatP*_*_ _—.aAUtrta* Ian Ca*aaSaBBaawtB WaeBaVt aaaawar F'afjBassBBnsaH. ^ ^• aaTmrmt!aaafBm n a J sBwansB^kaajasaBBaaaBBaaHaBBaafaaaaaawLaaaaaaTeaaaaataf rtgbt bad jastt-J,compruma* lias, prohibiting slavery north of thirty* It was to order that we mightthirtys i xowed at aay fatnre time to nrsrtomiBBto 'the a m BBBBB* most be destroyedTonafa allof tbuaWejudg- to tbe spirit tt pan Iotain andare stila* tttion and adopted, aad Iaaaaaaal BBBBBBBBBS a r V a a a w * BBBBBE aataaWaaaaaweaTsT. t a s Caabaan aaaaaaaaaaaaaaWSbr-:gBBtb, *bs will recuse t) give m tbe leader wesf tbe Territorial Legahuur*. It waa aa aflta _tide to establish, and on the othsr Bie to prohibit atovery uara Aad every body taat baa acted wtth tbe demo cratic party baa been eamnciued over end o w again tothaquestionofgood"faith,afobligation,ofhonor.Itiaacove uaat, ac agreement about which there has been no t e a e a ^ every maa at the North, at the South, mlaunderstanding heretofore. Let a* took at these thief*clsaefStenbeaA. laagtost (Loud apptoum) N>, e*ncftbe imaaorml Jaiama, who _ aaaby otntef m. aever to he forgotten while neartottom lives to thte osoav_, asanas, by try, "tha Catoaniato be presetvad.'' fGreat 1 UIBBBI )ociy to one part of tbe aeaatry Now, a sectional party venticn. 1 charge as maa *Uh improper motives. But is aa aatogoaatia principle to a national party, which in thtt I do kaow. that some of those geatamea who are riadmmea toal parts of toe oouatry, ooocurrtsg in a trylxg to get toto the Richmond ConveatUm, aad will aialtortty of views oa all great aatioaal aad con*i.iu:-oca. succeed, have been toiltog forbears to awingth ar portion •lurstaoa*. Agroatpartyliketbeaatioaaldamovatic ofthecountryoutoftheUnion. (AVoice—'True') I_(Assaasa>Banner, to extend the territory of tha Untos by givisg us Cuba. (Apptonsa) We mow that he a tha most firm sad mart*** mail tstoar of lbs Monroe doc-aad who has been a toadar to the Sooth for many year*Who a three that they have presented whom we can ttadency of their action waa to destroy the country, Ihto bigb sense of justice as s asaa, and b a tar *»«. H:^.,^a-L-k?•w•.ni, ***> fr** • * • dares to peradopt (A votes—•' Governor Wraa." Loud laughter ) Who desire to say that I never will act with secesatonisto at theI coat kxaw, nor do 1 ease, what tbe motives are that Tknew that be la eminentlyaad yet conservative. We ktow that be weald sat haveprompted the action of a portion, or tbe Charleston Coa-office within the gift of thebe permitted to add, that IBOaahtattoa by tbe Charieaton Conventioa aa our ..bearer to the approaching struggle. Bet tt to da* ia can trrae knows to thoeoantey tar tbe tea* twenty years Be ecr to aay that I hardly expected tt. Neither oat bebsfriendsdesireforhtmtieposituionadittobeobtahed by arivals,orbysayuafairorhaaaasaarareasI know that be does aet sjaipmhtos wtia those who haveSouth, because I believe they will do the same thing. reaching wtodom as a ataKasan Now, I win fora rt If the repnbBoaaa should suoraad to obtotoint aare they able to agree noon? No one. Wtth Douglas wema sweep the fie d (Crao of "That's so.'') More espe-ctolry stoce the late act of the republican party, which haschiliad tbe hearts aad bleated the hopes of their beet fol-lower* The founder aad apostle of that party has beensacrificed at tbe Chicago Convention to what no man cancall any thing but a mere expediency. (•' That a so '') ShallStephen A Dovgtos be sacrificed to any expedteacy ofthat kiad? <Cries of "No, no.'') Shall tha democraticparty he sacrificed at Baltimore by toktog away ths manunder whose lead we can march to certain victory. ("No,BO."'V Now, in the esse oi t&e delegation to Charleston weentirely spprove of the way in which they voted, aadthronghou' in the Urst and last, and beginning aad end,«e are for Stepbea A. Dougtaa. (Loud applause)But the object of thto meeting a not merelyto . applaud the past action of our delejrwes.but to encourage sad animate them to renewed acuon totbe future, and to say that whea they return to Baiti.mere to June next, they may declare that the democrats mony that I ever recessed, and It to all the legacy I heroic firmn«a* (Applause.) I bad tbe paaaure this matter. I assure you that the man of thsa tbe p a , aad we aaUI baak la the presence of oar God; am oar hooata, oar gardoae, oar horses aad oarragm, pd ail we peases*, win be immortal.fhe e&jtr amg ' <;utJ* as. >taou, Greae. Jehovah" f^eaeBtoam by Brother aauoBan.TWO O'CLOCK P. M. the chair mag " O: ce mare we come before oar God."rreyar by Witroai) Woooarvr-Bow happy every child of grace," was sung by therat admmaiered by Bishops Huator, Evans, Woouty, Hoagtoad ea-i Winter•jaws PBATT delivered a dtocours* oa the natureg a* atamoay poaaasMd by the Letter Day Saiato, aadgel stoeb a and alii bo made minifset to all pe-.pto,it mew ef BO other way t>y which the Goepel can beJIJIII"* «iy by the dictation and power of the HolyStow we may leant many thtags from the a b l e , Book* BSTBBB an i Doetrtae aad Oo-reoaaa. but union worm^ am* N»kr oader the toil lence of the power and(T, ef the Holy «ir*oet they wUl do oa hut ;ttte glod, for tog waa throsged with a batesing and attaaBve crowd. »itnown that the sentiments of the derdocrate of toe men who would dsstiaw my country. (Applause. A during the past week, aad I could not bat ad little matter of protection. They know vary waffcrato of New York will rally like oae man to tbe supportof Stephen A. Dougtaa. (Load applause.) Aad I desireto add a word of caution and warning against tbe in-trigues and iniquities of awn having motives for thatr ac-tions, and which are so difficult to be traced. We mustbe on our guard against sil these evil intl-iecces sad adveraaries who under their false tongues carry the lepe-rous datiiment of their own factions desires. We moteguard agaiaat them as we would against a wolf ia the sheeptold, sad when we ate toll that if the Menders at Rich-mond should make a nomination that would be acceptableto thefdemocratic party, that that nomination should betaken instead of our recognzed leader. I have to saythat such an act would be regarded by our party a* a re-ward to those who deserted tneir poet when their serviceswere most needed, sad it would be playing into the hands,of s factious minority. (Applause.) I desire to givsanother caution, or warning, or perhaps a word of advicewould be the more approonate expression. He here ex-plained the necessity of the Democratic Convention standmg by tbe name of Dongas There can be no other man inthe field for tbe support oi the democracy. It will for ever oppose sectionalism in every form. (Applause ) We their oaly guardian—the national democratic party then of course he must u/atre that the South be ssadevictory, aad to find whether the democrats of tbe North will stand by them, have only to give us our standard hearer, under whom we are certain of victory and tri- umph. (Loud applause and three cheers for Douglas.)unbending fidelity. We rally around the constitution andthe Union with all the fervor of intense coavletiaa. Weunderstood our ngha thoroughly, and aril: go sa far asirexpedient forme to deliver anything like a regular ad- sress to you to night Tbe interesting topics which have already been presented to your consideration have beenSoa<h into revolcuen They elang n the wanprim;«o measures of i860, and said they afforded them no pro- tection, and, not getting thai, they struggled to go out of the Us ion bat the people decided sgaxrtoud applause. gether, I am ready to and my voice and my aid. (Ap- sad rebuke them for their roily. I knos precisely state of public s nhment st present to the Sonth. are totrine wul tfi<- m Tbe popular rote for members of the Mr. Gxoauji UVLBA.X then nominated the usual number plause.) There is so much in the history of the demo what I am Ulltiug about, aad mean what favor ef Judge Douglas being nominated at Baltimore. Congress of the United States for the purpose* cf repeal- I/l»ware, oa whtoh the great struggle betsTaaa Doogtas cratic party, so many triumphs, so much of glory and I say, fcr, if there be any thing in this wide world that (Applause.) Allow me to say that one great interesting ing that law suppressing the African alave trade, mat agof Vice Presidents, aad Mr R B. COSXOLIT nominated the i do undo stand, aa the old woman said of her "blueto.' it piracy. and subjecting the persons employed to capital ad Laco-n hinged, they both betog caadidatta lor the Secretaries J. A. MCMASTKB, read the subjoined resolu renown to the country, that it a strange at this day and tt B tilt democratic sentiment of Tennessee. Being a na- panful topic has beea suggested, which ta important to be punishment. I will not rritniioa the uamss, I knew thaVsumdates -eaate. waa aa follows — Sssgta damJtotoaal tiemccrattcfetal drmoeratic rote Lseoto,reptha hour that there a"divBion of parties. Look back at tive of that gallant commonwealth, and having token for considered at the present time, for It tt aaaoaated fitly to be true, and they know I know it to be true. Thsy thms — tbe past hatory of our country. What ia tt the desao more than twenty years an active part in all the Presi- wnh the contest now about to commence for Presidential know that all that summer to the State of Mtosssatopi I 121,100 ResolTsd. That the delegates from the State of New cratic party has cot accomplished' Who gave you that dential battles that have been fought, I ought t3 be some- power. And, therefore, inasmuch as I find I caa denounced tbe project aa an unholy ana niMniaWiuMmal 4,983 York to tbe C&arlesion Ccavenuon have well sad truly territory that lies wast of the Mississippi river uow what familiar wtth the position of my own party—the glo- do so conveniently, the few remarks which I 1 project, and full of danger to the country. Toey found responded to the trust committed to them, and to the springing into an empire t W&o gave us Texas, who rious old democratic party—on the refreshing subject of shall address to thtt audience will be devoted mainly to that they oould aot get tbe South to unite upon tt, and 125,7*3 overwhejming mnaaent of tae people ot the State o> gave as California > n was democratic policy under de slavery. 1 can only judge the future by the past. I the consideration ef that topic. The Union of these therefore they bao to abandon it. That was followed by NewVon,mcaatnigtheirTote,fromursttolast,for mccraticrule. Pointme,ifyoucan,toanyotherpolicy wellrememberwhatoccurredinJ8*8. Whenwhata Statesttsaid to be to danger;aad tt tt no Mr.Yancey'aSouthernLeague.Ishallaetdiscussit.Itatoaocratto majorityu ±e mme una, a Suuo Treasurer waa chosennBtral ucket, aad the feUowtog rota waa cast —l a « Fotfey, Doagtos dam,"«an raagh*rty, am „toavl (femecratlc Tote Jimti ktiler, republinaa121,908 Reeoived, That 'democratic principles are anchaoge behind years sgo, sad we march before them- Fei gation of the only true doctrine—nwi intervention hy Con- man us amertca that I have heard say anything upon thtt and It to only introduced for the purpose of agitating tbe1^50 h will ba aaea oy the above that although Miller waaBtaocrahc sm or.tyr5,071 laeeSO13S',4Mable, arhen applied to the same subject matters,' that toe low ctttmna, are are on the eve of another gress with tbe subject of slavery la the States, in the Ter- subject for the last taelve months, ha* concurred In the Union of theae State a and detesting tbe democratic ticket-piatform re enacted at Charleston, w*s reported at Chv contest for the ascendency aad maintoi nance of ritories, an 1 in the D-atrxtof Columbia (Applause.) Such emphatic declaration of opinion that the Union of these Mr. Yancey discloses the fsct There tt a Southern Con-ctoaati uaanlmooaly by the committee rearaagntmg every democratic principles. Our opponents have presented were the feelings aad views of the party ail over the State. States, established by the blood and w adorn of our oaored vention already called at Atlanta. Georgia, oa th' 8th ofState to tbe Lsloa, was voted for by every delegate in two candidates for the Presidency They meet as to the and 1 might aid, throughout the country. A little more forefathers, tt to imminent peril. I shall not give you a November next, for the purpose of withdrawing from tha field in two divnuons. The Convention at Baltissore has catalogue of great names upon thte point, but I will stoletha* Convention, assented sad construed by the nominees, presented the names of Mr. Bell and Mr. Everett. They than two years afterwards. September, I860, Congress by way of illustration merely, tor I caa do ao aawe onendorseXbytbesatiredemocracyoftbenationbythearebothmenoflargeexperience.Theyaremenwho,ifpassedthecompromisemesaarea.Tbetoadtogfeatureen-thepresentaaaaatoa—tbefastthatoalyaboutatxmonthscannotmeetthemherefacetoface,aaIbopstodooa ejection of those nominees, aad Bast we ball in tt ths re- elevated to office, would be able to conduct the anaira of grafted on the bills <stablahing Territorial governments atoce I was la ths city of Washington, aad bad aa some other occasion. Tf you alter your platform the par-126JT6Stephen A. Docglas, (Taud aad uproarioos applause, that has made our country so groat aad so glorious known in hlatoiy as Gen. Cass' Nlcaolson letter was first lightly said, but most sertooaly assarted. That this too contemptible ta discuss. (Apptaoae ) And Its-., nut aad three cheers.; the champion of the equal coustttu Other parties come upon the ground that we have left. pubi shed, tt so eiectruied the democratic members of the Union is in danger I have long thought; and, although I lest;, came Mr DavaV rrropontion am Mr Brown's pro- uoaal rights of all tae Slates, the arm friend of the Union, They stand now where we stood upon the question of the Tennissee Legislature that they rose up to a body, aad know that asme are in the habit ef considering all lan- position that you will reform your democratic platform and the bold and fearless foe of aholltianttm at the North, tariff, of banks, aad things of that sort years ago. They sent a communication to the great 3tate*man, tendering to guage of thte sort as either empty menase or mere vapar- by tetorpestog a protection piaak that they ksc« end aad of sectionalism at the South. (Renewed applause ) tramp over the cold ashes of our camp fire that are left him their beartieit thanks fur the dttcovery an1 promul- uag declamation, yet I assure you that every aage states- never be adopted by the Congress or the United Stofs-•soses a the office by a plurality rote, there was a clear atlirmauon of the old landmarks that bare gtvea anonamaemeeracc majority sgaiaat him of over twelve hundred to the dtsmoerauc party, anl peace sad proapensy to oar whote count.'' (Load applause.)government well. I do not propose to night to llamas tor Utah aad New Mextoa—two of tbe series—was this interview of a truly totoissahig oatoraator wtth ty is gone. Mr. Doogtos a defeated: aad ao other man, either their measures, their policy of their merit. The identical principle of non intervenuon. So tor sa I know, aay venerable friend, tha Secretary of State, Gen to my judgment, caa be elected. Thee these gentieaea Chicago Convention has pi uses ted the name of Mr. l i s or believe, not a man waa tobe found to the whole State Caae, in tbe progress af whtoh be elates deliberate"v will have it to their power to go out of tbe Union, they coin. (Slight applause sad basse, followed by louder who controverted the correctness of that doctrine. There to me what I am authorized sow to state to you, but he think. Perhaps there may be some obstacle* to thai;There baa bam so eaettoa to IUlaots atoos that time. Besotvod, That we recugsae the announcement byiiaiBua Lwtj'-i —Thn la the same of the back repub- Judge Douglas at Cincinnati, when Mr. Buchanan re applause and hhsea.) Mr. Lincoln n a neiahbor of mine, we stood till tbe Baltimore Convention in 1852. It is need- was so well aattefiad that thte Union was to danger, that but that te not for me now to enlarge upon It aorired the vote of the majority of tha'. Coaventton. that lasa madioate ror for Preaideat, aot f Ahram." Well tha - entiled him to the aomiaaiioa, ' as an e.vample may aaay excann, " Who B Lincoln ?' when aot oae- worthy of lmitataa, aad calculated to give harmony andaaif sf the *craa*t baaoagmg to his own party effect to demoaauc action, (applause.)aad I propose to refer for a moment to hfe history, to ha leas 10 say that the members of that body, for themselves he painfully apprehended that aged aa be waa, and feebleexperience and to hto principles. In a speech made by a and their ccnatitucnts, unssumoualv resolved to abide by aa his nbysical health was, be should himself survive tbe Bot tine that Mr. Doaglaa te aot a most popular maa m thedistinguished Senator from Illinois (Mr. Trumbull) tbe aad upheld the principle of non intervention with the Union which be loved so dearly. (Applause). Must tt South. Tbe maaam to Mi-sissippi, Georgia sad Alabama other day. at Washington, be said that "In Infancy Mr. question of slavery, aa set forth in the Compromise mea not be in danger ? Have we sot hear of the nomination sympathise more unanimously wtth Dougtaa than withLincoln was carried from Kentuoky to the State of Indl sures of 1850. Standing oa tha platform. General Pierce of a gentleman, who, whatever may be his moral quali any other maa. Let am tell you aa incident —! chanced ana. aad thence, with ha axe on his shoulder, he made was carried into the Presidential chair with an uaaniaity ties, whatever may be htt intellectual powers, however to be in the largest cotton county to the United States—laew aa corrca B U M . tor the beasfit of all muti are entirely gnatnat of the»..' stare that Abraham Ltooola was bora to Sard a :oua"y. Kentucky, and on the 12th of February aatoe was llty ane years old. Ha present reatdenee a u 9fiagSeid, Ssag'U&oa county, Ilnaoa. Ha has beenlar of a 9at boat, grocery keeper,avian or a compear af votuawars to the B!ask HawkResolved, That tie democracy or New York, deviled to the ration*; organization of ttu: democratic party, sincere- ly regret that the late delegates ot a few Stows to the Charleston Contention seceded from that body, aad we heartily approve of the resolution of the Virginia dotoga- t-OD. adopted by the Convention, whereby the democracy of those States whose delegates seceded shall have an opportunity to fill the vacsnoe* thus oocationed. (Ap- plause )ResoWsd, That in the language of Judge Douglas, "this a the government of the white man,"—(applause)—there- fore sil taorta to establish ior negroes political equality orbis way into Illinois, and hewed ha way to greatness but seldom equalled since the formation of the govern- aure htt private aad public hatory heretofore, stands at Cblco county, in Arkansas—when the people, many ofWaitcrsan and Mr. Foots, of Tennessee. here took his seat amid and applause.Mr. Richardsonbound to state thte to yeu It is true. Mryou Snow it to be true, that for the last ten y«baa bees a small party to tbe South, of high social 1tog, vsry few to number*, who bare openly aad secretly been atreggring—consctonttously I believe aaontThe FBXsrtsaT then aaaounal that there were many people outside waiting tor speaker* to come and addressspeaker, Colonel Watterson, of Tennessee. SPEECH OF HON J. It. WATTEKSON.hold ths man responsible who shall attempt to divide its love our true friends in tbe North, and can't help it— counsels or weaken its camp. We mesa one thing We never fail to do them full justice when the occasion demesn to support Dou*;as. First sad tost, from the be mands our opinions, and We trown upon all attempts—nogenmg to toe end, we are for him. (Appauae.) We mattt r where thsy are rnade—to drive us fr rm their alwill listen to no eompromtes—to BOother name—tone lianou. (Applause) That lesson was taught us by Anconventional man Bit the South, if they wish to gain a drew Jackson— (cheers )—sad we haveytdhered to it with tog. He said, 1 am moat decidediy of opioion that his open that rejection, expecting cnfldently to plunge thsordinary is rant if he carried his axe from Kentucky to republicanism was cbeeriag to the patristic heart of the world at targe, that tf be shall be triumphant in thtt con las' views and policy I spoke for two or three hours. I Illinois. (Laughter ) Now, what is hto experience, by nation. Tbe Tennessee democracy rolled up a majority teat for Presi iential honor, he tt prepared as chief execu- had time, then, as I hare not now—and what was the re-which our opponents tell us he a capable of aasuming the of seven thousand five huantred for the ticket, aad I am tive officer of this Union, to take the lead in having seve- sult? That large meeting drew op a retolutioa immediate- reins of this mighty government, with all its vast rate sure that I do not misrepresent their wishes when I assert ral enactments adopted by the Congress of the United ly, approving of the dostnnea of Mr Doogtos' manifesto, rests r He served five or six years :n the Illinois Legisla- tbattht-y want no change of tbe platform, In this respect, in irtatts. any one of which, no man who tt familiar with and that resolution was adopted unanimously. Public ture. He s-rved oae term ia Congress. What *im ha? IfecO. (Applause ) Their old hag a auli iiyiug, oa which the subject can doubt, by its aioption. would sentiment tt every moment manifesting itself most strong- he done ? What great measure aid he advocate in Con- can be seen, in large capitate, "non interference by Con sever the Union itself r la not the republican ly for Douglas. Nominate Douglas with an uncaang-d gresa * gress with slavery in State sad Territory, or in tae District party pledged at the present time, in the most solemn platform, and we will toad you to preservingear Bwyer, ate ruber of tbe Ssate Legattoturet aad re cttiii nahip. are alike a -rouuicn of the apint of the con-trwmtaiiTe to Congresa Thai a ha htotory, prepared i m great care for toe pocket book.?'VB WEED—the editor of the Albany 7<nerrwJ evident- y ieea bad over aa rout at Chicago, and it a n i l that ha ril reveage hanaelf by working for tha defeat of Ljoato.the old democratic track by casting her thirty five votes datrtot refused to re elect him to Congress— (applause)— the able Senators in Congress who are urging the pasaage Mr. Douglas ao fiercely in the Senate of the United States prehension he entertained that the experiment of the self rcacies and mottoes of and relating to W J torn H. Ssward. tor .-*ephcn A Dougis*. v Tremendous and continued ap. for the whig party were not in sympathy wtth the ttexi of certain caucus reso.^ioas, have an eye single to the (Mr. DUMB), who some nine years sgo contested with she government of a country was of doubrn! aolutam. Bo ofippiy it the TBXIOUS black republican haadqavters pause.) cans. I am told that in the republican wigwams now preservation of Southern rights and the protection of humble individual now addressing you wtth much fiercer good cheer, my ulustnoos friend. Doaglaa wllj be Bomi- they earry an emblem in the shape of a rail, intending to Southern property In our Territories. If they were took seal for toe executive honor* of the State of Mississippi, Bated at Baltimore (.tepeated cheers), and it *..! save•rtugkoct u.e State. Each of the nominations, as well at the resolutions, show that Mr Liscotn was great at mauling rails ing alone to these professed objects, it does seem to me, upon the very issue he is now discussing, when the peo- the Union from dttgraceful defeat The flag of reoub Sues ITTATIJ* R'PBBFsnrrtD AT CHICAGO —3ix stove Statos were carried by acclamation. (Laughter ) Weil, I don't know how that is but there that they would vote for the practical and atraightforward ple of Mississippi decided that issue against him—that licaxism shall traii to tbe deal, aad we shall be permittedstitution and the manifest meaning of the framers. (Ap- ptosse.)A Votes—He opposed the Mexican war. of Columbia " They are wtitog.so res»|on thisgreat princi- and explicit manner, if successful In thte contest, to en- the Union by securing the success of the demo- Mr RICUABDOOS—True ; he did. Yes, fellow-citizene, ples, and desire no other specific to be applied by Congres- deavor by vote In the two houses of Congress, and by the cratic party. (Appauae.) In ^conclusion, let me saypushing their little column into the fight, displaying a Territoriea, they bare the aame conclusive objections I'ii trict of Columbia, to repeal or modify the vital provi Vice.Presidents, whose name I delighted to hear. the Boa. bravery, a strategy, a skill that the world never saw tz that the Irishman bad to bio horse. Pat said ha horse sions of what tt known as tbe Fugitive Slave law, and to Giorge Bancroft. (Applause ) I have hear ! with great celled, Mr. Lincoln was makiiig speeches against his oun had but two qualities—one was that be waa very hard to adept an enactment excluding slavery from all the Terri- pain what was pubhahed in the newspapers of the coun-Resolved, That Stephen A. Douglas, in view of the ac when the sons of Illinois, under the gallant Scott, werj sional doctors. To what to known as a slave code for the sanction of its President elect, to abolish alavery to the that I regret sot te see the honored face of oae of yo'irtion of the Caarteetoe icaveniion, casaoi now be set asidewithout the implied abandonment thereby of the wallsettled principle of tbe democracy regarding non Intervenuon by Congress.—(loud applause)—and that, with try and in favor of Mexico—(hisseaa and sppla'ise)—and it catch, and the other waa that he waa'nt worth a d— n tories of thte nation? No maa, whether be be republican try that that gentleman, the Livy of America almost him as our standard bearer, we confidentially ptouga the was the means of driving him from the political arena a'ter he was catcheJ. (Great laughter.) In view of or not, will dispute thtt proposition. Now, see what lathe despairing of the republic, oad declined continuing haFOB3AU CHBUP—Ail the portrada, baaners. tranapa- State o' New York that ahe will, next fall, right herself in into retirement He returned home, and a strongly whig thece knock down srgurneBta, I am alow to believe that condition of thing*. The gentleman now contesting with immortal history of htt native laud, irom tbe painful ap-rar« la. to be represented in the Cnicago brack republi- m Coa. ecuoa. These States east the following numbera one thing I think he does know, and that is, that in the resolutions of my gallant sad noble friend, Senator gentleman is well known to head a buoy of Individuals ;r> erjoy the priceless blessings of civil and religious free- Loud cries then arose for Colonel Richardson, of rai- contest between h-m and Judge Dongas he w a pretty Brown, o," Mississippi In vain he tells them that the who have declared loag ago their earnest desire to break dom, 1 trust forever. (Loud and continueus applause )drapnb_-ean amware J»f-B»T ote* a18*8 —399 Marytoad 2»l Mtssouris e s and the audience appeared exceedingly desirous of heaxii g him.well mauied. (Laughter and applause ) Wnat a there is ha pontsca! notions that commends htm to your sop torn* Does the republican party tell us that they overthrewLegislature of Kansas has already passed a law abolish lug slavery in that Territory, and it tt time for Congress to apply the remedy, if it over means to do so. Whatup the union of these Sates on the occasion of any one of certain events specified by them, outside of what was known as the Union platform of the State of MissisSPEECH OF BON. JOHN LOGAN.The Chairman introduced Hon. JOBS Lotus, of fittacis,fexasaV>u DtssATiSF-irnos AVD DjLvosa or orraaaix.— Thegiven by Serator Benjamin, of Louhaaua, 00 this very point. but a Tew daya ago, when engaged be a discussion with Senator Citogman, of North Carolina "I bare aot the remotest idea,'' said Mr. Benjamin, 'that Kansas is going to be a slave State, and I would not give a snap of my finger for a thousand laws to protect slavery to Kan tas while a Territory, and therefore I shall not vote for one." I d<rubt not that tha emphatic declaration of the— Kentucayshine and in atorm and never faltered, no matter w h s GrsTuaas—Before iatrodudog totals meeting oar ban ther the cause was popular or unpopular' They over381 — 399who was received with applause He said—Ifeeias though Mi. CrrruG (the Chairman) then came forward, and Mr. Sewam—a man of loag experience—oae that built op do they my in reply to tha incontrovertible fact? sippi sad the State of Georgia, and, to fact, or the whote it is good to be here to night It tt tbe first timivfor someSPEECH OF F. B. CTTTTING.or3d and datinguithed visiter, Colonel Richardson, of mi- threw Mr Seward for what' For his irrepressible conflictrxato«l(:La Sues, t-e leader of the rjwdy etomeat of theaaaie s party a Phihvdalphla, to an article on the ChkavP aomiEatioas, says "it to tdto to dtogutos the fact that bumble judgment, we have reached tha conjunc day. He eatertarns all of Mr. Seward s views, withoutdoctrine. How does Mr Lincoln stand on tnat question''' The very forcible oa tha occasioa. I must say. that in my NEW YORK HKSALD correctly characterized him the othersssktaks presented, but marked dtaaaiafactwc' however deauoui he may be of retirement, to come for- ward because of ba extreme views? Mr. Lincoln enter got up the caucus resolutions and have been laboring, lanus, I beg to oiler a few remar**, which strike me astbe republican party—one that had stood by it in sun I w»b you to hear and remember the responseSooth, to the year 1861. I beg to remind you of aa tm- months that I have bad tbe opportunity of mast-rig with portant historic fact, that when Mr. Davis, Mr. yuttman. any number of democraia who appear to feel a* though and others Mr. Donald, of Georgia, and Mr Rhett, of the old democratic daya had not paaaed and gone. Soath Carolina, with the whole body of secession chiefs of (Cheers.) These aentimena that have been ennoctstod tha* period—aad I use tbe term not reproachfully, but for to night by tbe resolution* whtoh have been Biantmraaty its historic correctness—when they urged upon the Southtains the same. Throughout tbe contest to tbe State o' LlaoiS, when he supposed tt would carry him into the Se Bate ot the United States, he laid down precraely tha same aoctrine that Mr Seward has promulgated Gentlemen, coming, as I do, from a Sctttbern State, in my intercourseSouth and goes to the North is the worst abolitionist, and sad that that man who goea from tbe North t> the South and buys slaves tt the worst fire eater. (Applause ) You have, then, to Mr. Lincoln the extreme vwws of which the conservative men oi this country complain of to re gard to Mr. Seward. I assume, fellow citizens in tbe dis- cussion of theae questions, that this government cannot be carried en by a sectional party. That tt cannot long en dure, even if it- could be carried on by auei a party, is equally true The great coaservative element in this coon try—that patriotic feeling that means to transmit this go- vernment, etth all itt oletstngB, to our children as we re carved it from our rather*—never will consent that tt shallwith, the Union men of the States I have mentionedcalmed the intense excitement then ragtag in the land bymeans of a compact, to which they solemnly and de-liberately united, called the Georgia amd Masastopiplatform, but adopted by every Southern abatein the confederacy. 00 far as I recollect, to there tbe rneaaores that were adopted by tbe Congress of eluding Maryland, Virginia, Kentucky, and North tbe United States, by tbe Preenest, by the National De- Carolina, and solemnly agreed that if our appeal to tbe mocratic Convention, aad re endorsed by tbe nation al property only to Territories which are going to be slave party aaxroua to dissolve the Union—proposing,aa Gover whig party at theaaaembiy of th-ir convention upon thattt a little amusing to look at tbe Republican Convention. They tay they had represeatoti-ves from Kentucky, from Tennessee, from Maryland, from Virginia and from Texas. (Laughter) Well, if they had representatives Texss op at the Chicago Convention, that State most contain a very funny set of people. (Laughter ) We had some Texan* down at Charleston, who were so far uponthe event of the Congress of tbe United Santos ever abolishing alavery in the District of Coiumbit, ever ex- cluding slavery from the Territories, ever repealing tbe provisions of the fugitive Slave tow, ever interfered wtthhim in their election. (Cheers.) In 1854 tbe same pnn ciplea that were enuciated in tbe tampromto* measures of 1860 were scabs eanncatod to ths KaaaaaNebraaba bill, that received the aaactton of Congress of the President of the Unied States, aad the adopttoa of the people by the trtumpbant electronvery fine apsakera. and I want to give them a chance. be are equally clear that they have Whether they or Itmo Bshoawtogs that it_henvtoclptos up to the ttoas that Mr.(Applause ) Ths convention that framed tbe agreed that they would base ail reguiainot to be touched by Con it was* sealed to Blood,of perpetrating. Neither caa tt ever come before theResident of the United States. It was very properly referred hy tbe Kansas Nebraska law to the arbitrament ofthe Territorial courts, with the right of appeal to the Supreffie Court, and there it wan be permitted to rant by allgood democrats w a s forget self and desire to aave tbecountry from th* curse of black repuoiliwaaito I re-grtt sa much as any or you r^oasibly can the BOOBSaton of Southern delegate* from the niailiiatna Con surface of thtt subject, sad thsy venuon. I thought ansa, gad I think new, that tbeISasaBttOt,lBama^t «BfwBSiravea of those who fulfilled it are acatterel ail political bigh aay Why was It we repealed tbeaaaaaasai*Wpeople,aw s n a w n o y saw1 cJlayVij** fiifmssT""both "at' tbeato Santa, tar the parpsaa of toto tbe rvrrtone* Why did toey •aaawjwww^iw**^ ^ BBBBBES^BVBWWS aaTsaaaaaRtaBBaaatfthereof are left free to mould their domestic institut:ons totheir own way. (Applause.) Hence I quarrel wtth noman on account of ha opmkan respecting the extent ofpowerinTerritorialiegatatureeoverthequestionofslavery. My own mtcd has been brought to tbeeonehi ly. tt may be thai we went too far. But I stan that thsy have no power to exclude tbe inatit'ition teil jou, a* a Union man who ha* made some bot much wiser men and abler lawyers than I profsas tooat wtth a determtoatwn to rule or ruin, aad h*w #>»£* row be avoided• I have bean to the habit of tamktogtaskaT«Ppe*af9 SBBBM TBC Vassam fraTaafMiW aawjI*BmeB^a^Bi —-1 !I^.e a aI raver pay open aaya^BB*>«-tfb»*a»aBK aSaBBBWO M l D D l y »mJiiii^ a— BjtoaSj BBBBBBaBBBBBWB*BBBBar7 J* JaaaaB^*) ^BBSBBBB^ saEtw»waaanBl aVaB**BBrhBB*V ens* aaaaaaa..nan^•••fe^ohewor I would am confer wtth thermeaahArfvdB n f t A n T^OVtAAB. (l^eahs s naaBa^eaaaaBw?rS^LT-T _?"«»«>» you liasUntitled DocumentsjsfiaaTCaai fjaTSaSall *aaTft]aj^h^s^aMB^BHaaa^^^aafraxk'y any to you and all whom it amy concern, that t> majority to both bousea of Coaaress aad to carrvas Judge Douglas had bean nominated at fTaibaton, 1 tbroegh either of tbe BaaataBsnto I ^ a a s a would have gives him, not only a cordial, but an en named, we want a man there who WAI ba to uslastic support. I will go further and any, with equal proud to have Ua eppottontty of at "was ex- fra&knesa, that according to my views of democratic erastog tbe veto power for tbe purpose of eoaanellta*'theirs. (Applause ) It may be that I shall be van ^ s h - duty, when he received a majority of the Charleston tbe adversaries of the South aad ths ad veraanes af thsed It may be that for the time being I shall he over Conveattoa, he ought to have beea nominated by aoeto peace of the Union to carry through these absurd andeb-thrown. (A Voice—"No you won't) Bot I will not be nation. (Vehement applause ) (Araks: It is not too noxioua Bataeuna by a majority of two-thirds 0* eachconquered. (Applause ) 1 will rise and fight them again. tote yet "Net by a jug full" Laughter.) I will go House, ff Stephen A. fJeaato* te elected te toe Presiden-For I know that If th«f are successful, then thia great •till further and say, thai there tt not a democrat to cy though the Republican* any have the majority atfabric of liberty that our fathers erected—this govern- Aajerha who can present a more ecaaatent record since both Houses of Congress-, they wUi sever be able to myment, these institutions, such sa God never gave to man his entrance into public hto. (Appauae ) The osten judgment to carry through these enactments to cosae-beftre,aregoaeandlostforever. IhaveBOprejodtcsa against any motion of this Union. The scenes of my childhood, the graves of my fathers are ia the Southernsible reaaoasgtvta for tbe bitter asaaulto that have beea qntnoeef the interposition of ha veto Mr Ltecota, if male open him, existed to fall force when be waa the elected, will argn the bill, oad brtog oa ctvtt war.idol of tbe whole South. He gave a hearty endorse dace aecctoion, droord, revolt, dtesoiution, thereentry. The graves of my children are in the meet to the non intervention doctrine toil down by tion of on* free institutions, aad will imprint upon our Northern country. 1 am hound by these ties t> Gen. Cass, in 1&48, in his tetter to Mr. Nicholson, aad aaUcna! escutcheon marks o' todeltMe Cthe foil of my countr; This government a al. the patri rg'.t there to tas been standing for twelve years wtth fore aa a l.'aicn maa, I beg yen earnestly to 1evenrng. Every comer an l avenue of the spacious buud of New York, so far as TB can speak for them—aad 1*. expect to give to my children And so help me God, of listening to Us great speech to the Saaate, South are not going to be trSed with to this while breath waa, 1 wfQ do all I can to strike down thevention selects for us a Cnaaraander in-Chiel 1st ua for au! to them, earneetiv; as I Behave, entertaining ato* get pact differences, prejudices and aaastosa Let us culti- opta'on that the South can ao longer main toto ito positionSPEECH OP TBI BON. HKKBT 8. FOOT!The President then mtrouueed the Hon. Hxxsr S. FOOTS. they have been rattag some new issue, which they hadwho was reoBrvedfwBb long eon tinned applause and cheer reason to believe Would be rejeted, being made.' and,the tar tht st for their preaer ration. We aak for nothingthat m not clearly right, and will submit to nothing that most amply and ably discussed; and there are gentlemen them. Then came tbe proposition for protection;m e'early wrong Ours a she motto of Davy Crockett—"Be in reserve well known to you, known to be popular fa and new has come from some of them a demand!aure you re right, u.en g)ahead.'' (Applause.) The Ten roritea in this part of the world, whom I am sure you are for the reopening of th' African slave trade,here, a citizen cf another State, participate in your da never mount a Rosmante aed aet out on a crusade against although exceedingly exhaaetoa at the journey lost tor Senators of the United States from South-liberatloas to eight, to such an inquiry I answer, that mulatto from my home in Nashville, I feel bound to come ern States, and by at least haK a dozen distingmened de- proval, and ilr Cattiag accordingly took the chair, amid whenever democratic principles sra to be advanced, • inomills. If they were to undertake such a Quaxotx ex for sard for the purpose of testifying that my ownjeonvic mocratic re preaentatives 1 know at least thr°e Southern whenever the cord tha binda this Union draws us to pedluju they would expect toe ghost of Jackson to arise ticnsoi" public duty at tbe present time, aad as I deem tbe Senators who statd pledged to introduce a biL into theof the meeting The nomination mat With unanimous ap-t suspect that ia about sa true of Mr. IJacoln as some ment. Again, to 1866, oar party planted itself on the tbe present time exuitiagly nom nate 1 upon a platform tbem ksowmg me, aad having known me for years, ta- other declarations tbat are made. He was a most extra same doctrine, and the result of the struggle with black very cieariy indicating to the American people and tbe quired whether I would address thea in support of Door-confederacy should withdraw, on account of the ad mis adopted by the democratic party at Ctocteaati in 18*6, sion of California and other enactments associated there enunciated tbe principles that underlie thtt government,anl sanctioned by every man to auasteaippi,tbe prompt and peaceable secession of tbepeople of tbe State of Mississippi, on account oftbe measures adopted in I860, unless some additiona. con issue the democratic candidate waa elected, carrytog Btitutiosal guaranty, to use htt very language, should be at that time a large majority of the Northern States. accorded to Ua Southern States, deemed by him to be to (Cheers) In that atruiig e the Northern States sustained I answer, never, never; for this simple reason—Wher- great peril to consequence of these recent enact Gen. Franklin Pierce, and passed baa to tbe Presiriaitai ever the soil aad climate are favorable to alavery, there meats, should induce our friends generally to chair. A portion of the Southern Satea sustained him, slavery will go, and the local authorities will protect it agree to acqniesce to these enactments, we aad a portion did sot He waa elected, however, a* ha*It is a question which al vays has been sad alway* will would solemnly pledge ourselves, and that pledge been remarket by your Chairman, by a majority of fibs J be fettled by interest—by the everlasting dollar. (Ap- I* embodied to the plitform referred, to, that to Fortbera States—two oaly, I behove, refusing to endorseonder similar circumstance* It is my solemn belief that tbe Union unless we established slavery everywhere. humanity, philanthropy, or whatever else you may sailnative to the work of diaunion. That was tbe position of the Union men to tbe South to 1861. and I beg you to consider tt. They stand solemnly pledged before God and their countrymen to take the initiative in the worktime the doctrines there embraced ware wel! understood throughout this vast republic. It was understood. N o n e , South, fast and Wat, that tbe eaanscrstie party stood firmly by the doctrtoe of Don intervention with slavery in the Territoriea aad to the Dbtri<rt of Corumoto. TheBut the tame Sate, It would seem, ssnt delegates to such a feeling, bad but little to do wtth the operation Chicago, who said - We moat prohibit slavery every Tbe whole procetdirg was conducted apoa the principleplause. ) Your fathers and grandfathers found that theycould hire labor cheaper than they could own it; aad theresult waa that they seat their negi iae down South andsoldthem—daughter)—aevwr forgetmg ta asingle in-stance, I dare say, to pocket the money. (Renewed the trade to slaves between State and State, eversi*gjht sacrifices to support of ante hottest ofcauses. I tell you wtth my band on my heart and in thepresence cf Almighty Gad, that If any one of those enact in 1868. There is, however, my fellow 1 naaahi shell ever pas* the Congress of the Unlasd Statesand bo sanctioned by tbe President tt will be impoosiblefor minor it nuances to be brought to bear upon thenumbers and leaders of the seoeesiontete to prevent theircanvas four or five States to toast oat of the Una* at(nee. That being the state ofSome gent'eman any that werjMgtoshea discosaedequal; and the wheat iBre^ran peoate are aounn «> BBBBBBBd the BBBJBBBTJ tSBt BBSBBBBBaBB tottwttbjm.Northembodiedto theIBBjbjBBBfflaaaasanIttoagBaMaaVaaVoa*Ol ejaVWaaaalJHT»anTjkaB*BQ stanas' ^am^mmm^*^*^ ^ ""^ "* TMZ'ZSL'** litoaoaara^tba hgads^l w carjrte"^*Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 