 Vpopular host of the was dismounting In front of the City Hall and taking up the Astor House,was resonant with strainsof the retarded, the democratic throats seat street was cleared of thing, and all were ""T, hu"z^ "" the Lord R.NF.W gracefully^m-: .-v.:«fl» X.-NO. 2827PRICE TWO CENTS^ dint of the utmost slmplldty, but with exqui!^ite taste- The tin-paii on bis arm, cooUy paradedEXTRAMtDniABTpassed, the Prince returned gracefuUy the salute of <he Yacht Club, ihe Maria, bow liaadsomely rigged Ceiberus [at the northeast gate of the indosure. It laid under contribution in order to add to the attrac- cover himself as to thrust him, head-long Into the DEHOSSTR^TION. the commanding oiBcer, the miUtary procession oc- as a schooner, rounded to near the steamer and fol- was nearly 3 o'clock wheii the Prince rode forth from tions with which our City proposes to promote the crowd on the curbing..*:r--—.T:'.«WllCOMB TO TBE PRINCE* and standing points in the face of the City Hall being proportionsof the "beautifulwhich surrounds it the densein some ez- decorations cases, greatblook'S- the astr unded policemen could so bi re-rMSIM IM-iTMy SJU.UTE AT THE CITY HALL.Wkat tke PMpIe Said ud Did, and duty. This b%utiful vessel, it will be remembered, was dispatched to Washington for the special accom-animatingwas a of criti- England, balnted from life by Gzo. Fbbxmaii, at Buck- causeIfow they UkedHo Acoldanta—No DistnrbcmiMS.cism toarmies.as many men in the ranks as had tieen estimated Inin 1841.On the wailsand left right ofne ProfTtBUM fcr To-Day.Tie ipcctkcle prCTenled on Broadway on the erer-is a large painting of the Infant Christ and St Jolm,Amboy to meet and convey the distinguisbed visitor to leries aroimd Castle Garden were densely packed. make it a point to be present, interfered somewhat surrounded by angels, and with an enUnirage of fiow- minutes, he appeared on the lialcony, preceded by ba this City. She remained at anchor off the Battery, and The Prince remained upon the t>Uot-lu>use, and was with '(fe parade of yesterday. Yet there were more ers and fruits. The fiaures are attributed to Robbhs, Duke of Newcastle, and foUowed by Dr. AoKBBJua, every moment of time was indottrlously employed in not distinguished by the spectators tmtil he left the muskets in every company than on an ordinary occa- end the fruits and flowers to Sbitdbbs. This picture Sir HiKKT HoLLABD, Geu. Bbuob, Lord Ltoki, Hon. putting the cutter in perfect order for duty. To say position, and wltli Ids suite prepared%o leave the sion could have been called together. The Sixty- is not unknown to amateurs ; it formed one of the col- Mr. Euot, son of Lord CHxnoB ; Earl of St OermalnaKl moon a careless holiday. All Asrietant Engineer higii Auutant Engineerteeps, windows aad roof-tops were groaning CoattPilatFbahx Polsipbb. W. A. Booth.coming Roy-It.modation of the Prince in the Chesapeake, where the President formally placed her at the service of theconquerers in many a field. There were notsuspended paintings Fig- ures and Flowers, by Pibteo Pac^ Beobzi, and acrowded with eager spectators.assemblage, and,As the steamer neared the Narrows, the Queen of pcnditnie of persuasive eloquence with the municipal ture of all.Both American and foreign art has beenforeanyofcupyingthreatened rainewrhienng stkhye sun finally, at aboi^ s o'clock,defilingPeople save two or tliree squadronshad set and night had nearly fallan, a code, displayed at her fore, with the British ensiga TwelfUi Regiment, the g<iard of honor, was drawn up Sunrise on the Thames," and a Summer Evening" body of poUcemen was seen to march up PMh-i^«P7^«^i^(!a»5S!P m^'i)..i ,i] i.jpi* .K^ 111.(14!- \imiim?^^^i^imTi^iiffimmmfmim>mmmr ' 'J-- "?^Maifte |feM0fk NEW-YORK, FRIDAY, OCTOBER 12, 1860.®ime^themilitarydisplaywhichfollowed,aUthewindows He expressed much admiration at the fine therailingoftheBattery,andeventheseworkedtheir sofasisofbrilliantlypolishedrosewood,carvedin witiftehlfhinsthepersonofavenerablesoap-fatmaowh«As soon as this duty had been performed, Faohci came with his steamer directly to New- York, and here awaited the order to proceed to South" Skating Scene," by Habbio. In the corridor from tbe between the front of the liotel and the rail- spaceFoyal party. Capt.whichthe0,C(0. including the fifth brigade from Brooklyn. The fall inspections of the various regiments, at which allA. each company sceneryJam of human beings—men, women, and children,t'"*f'Tl up the sidewalks and main thoroughfare— ahead at five minutes to 9 o'clock.lUs living sea flinging up a q>ray of noisy boys over The crowd on the Battery—already quite large- Superiitcndent Kziiiisbt, Deputy CABPZMrxB and marched first in the procession, under the command ofrsmain."staid but curious matrons la itswaiting-maids, cooks, iMusekeeperi and nurses, withdown thethe party on board beguiled the time by con-Major Teksdale,aappropriatepatient expression, but this was hushed for a brief time by the distant booming of artillery. The Prince had arrived at the Battery, and they would soon be rewarded for theirsprung upThe Band which accompanied the Harriet Irtne,Baccz. " It was as as I ever good anythingrefused to make answer at all. anylongtlwm having been in their places since noon—by athe various regiments passed, told theand became intense. It is safe to say, that for aHighness the Prince of Wales, Mayor Wood occupy- ing the seat beside liim and the Duke of New-The children, of whom there wer* a great deal too many, were actually running over Into theOn the all Rppearance of this cavalcade,withBcariatanlformofan English Colonel, raised histhe arm of the whom he Mayor, by"theI know purple yj--^/"''aad rose repeatedly in acknowledgment oftiUswarmo.' the Hotel leacing directly to the Prince's apart-wonderful. A reason, however, be found that mayridesSo ever ML*a>t"i"E,O';u!a;ronce."withonce into the English national anthem, and thu!', sealed beside the Mayor, and followed by a magniii-strikingstruck with the favorable change which four yearsassemblage.iseeption.ments,Ufchnient inprincipal stairway,Prrince oif mtthe^The brick gorge ? ^^^^ procession hadHis Highness was himself passed In review before the windows of the Timbs,uponwithin which had received theybetter to do, the made the most of it Atcerit military procession.all.collation, which was In the best styletheboys at Uie and the blocked preserved time a false report was raised that the Prince was «""'"\-fie"t^t"o/ebi^kersliis station on a raised platform, more or less imper- fectly decked with green carpet, from wliicb he was to review the troops a second time, having alreadydone so once at the Battery.Too much praise cannot be given to the PoUee ar-langementsspreadstarboard side. At the after end, the flags of At 1obtniJer was but anything pleasantevery living expectation. The<rningthat had tieencreased inrun that excruciatedwas everyboJy.Prince being seated at his immediately around the City Hall, a way tween him and the Duke ofcompagnon*a statue Still the people waited, and still no '^PP^l'^^'^'l?' ^"^,...„r and hurledhoisted up, and Capt Facncb gave the order to gobers^freporters.pliedGen. and the Prince continued to re- Sahdfobk,"No,Sir !" with ancan't standtte laiUngs and trees of St Paul's, mounting up to cheered and waved their greetingsIsnrth aad tSfh stories, in billows of crinoline and anchor in the harbor, and the Cunard steamer at Jer- mlrablyTdevised and executed.After landing of the Prince and his introduction ^eporple diks which surged out through all windowsaad baleonies, foaming higher and higher into store-porters in their shirt sleeves, wlio stood on dangerousledges of parapet, and culminating aU along the dou- pleasure. After getting fairly under way, a salute of tde Uaes of roofs into dense masses of chambermaids, 17 guns were fired In honor cf Gen. Scott, who re-sight to look along the prescribedbound on tliepave-a of bunting, such as is seyCity,displayed profusionhorse early in the day, and so severely injured that lie will probably be confined to his house for several weeks. The Twelfth Regiment followed, marchingshove, erdcrs you off iTutaiUer, and threatens usagedon't "move off right away." We moved. On the opposite side of the street the crowd, which had been rapidly gatheringrier to any unfortunate pedestrian who was obliged bets of impatience and expectancy seemed to be re-seldom seen, except on National holidays.The dayhe entered theCollector Scazu., Lord Ltohs, and well and much applauded. The other regimentsmore than desfrabie if disagreeableyoumostwas auspicious,and to everytliing conspiredforthePrince. Itwasa timesmultt-render the occasion one of eztraordtnarv Interest and mained standing and uncovered meantime on thecame in their regular places in their brigades sever- ally. The drum-majors of some of the bands took es- pecial pains to perform their liveliest antics just asunder theTbe Prince smiled repeatedly at their exhibitions.peering —a thousmaanndyprofiles Mend-the salutation. Mr. PsTsa Coofbb was then presented, and the party retired to the after part of tbe deck where a large num)>er of gentlemen were in- troduced to Lord Ltokb, the Duke of Newcastle, thea aa the sonofa mottcr. When one poor Irishwoman isessed forward to get a nearer look at his fresh, young face, it was crud of PoUceman No. 8S9 to ihove her rudely^back, and" and a colored inm- efforts on the part of their guardians could Indeed he is," was the reply ;returningdown Seventeenth-street andavenue to the Fifth-avenue Hotel, where the Riival party, arriving at tH o'clock, alighted before the pri-;of the harbor of and thither New-York, passage only bymuch elbowing throughof the walla are the most attractive fea- the middle of street for very nearly half the tbroMwilhln two or three minutes of an hour in lowed in her wake—before him. At length after all the soldiers, keep UD with the cutter without difficulty. The yacht form, exceptiht Duke of Newcastle and Lord Ltotis. the roceptionroom we observed, " entered,the stiff breeze enabling her to Castle Garden gate, followed by his suite, all in uni- pleasures of the royal visitor. On the north as wewall oftwoStill theanxious masses lingered, though the low-had the signal numbers 30,461, of Roobbs' intemaUonal They passed between the two lines in which the paistbigs by Gbobox Wiujams, a Winter Morning "ThooBand Aidin theOvation.onBoardtheHarrietLanepectantmolUludes,whohadl>eenwaitingforhim shteanwceo,ulmdanibfeestedmtuochpleastuore,soandintimatedthat athfeePwriynarcdesvfarsomBattery-place.tliAesthewuonmiefonrm'of jofAitihxeseMn.tHrAanBcTe^"dPoioralwcePafrtoyu.n"dTaocotmhpeoaoitthi*osaidoaf thohteels,peacntdataolrl,sgounestthsepaonrdticoandatthgeenstildesmeonfatnhelTwo Hnndzed :of artillery, liad been p«raed in review, the gathering gloom of eveningHissince noon, an opportunity of testifying their hospita- glad reply pleasant a salute. recognized by men, and and a " Land-iBd at Castle Garden. 1EM BBVIBW ON THE BATTERY.unavoidable in the crowded condition of the streets, it created much good feeling on board.was A o'clock, and nearly daik, before he reachedhouses. The Prince acknowledged the compliment hung on the centre of the wall, as you enter, that most Prince did arrive, headed by the troop of mimatti. -and then followed the magnificent work of American art, CatiBOH's " Great horseman wtm formed his immediate eaoort BMtU' review.alMve—suggested that the Prince should proceed up Broad- intended as a greeting to the Royal guest The SiBBTSBS and his Staif, proceeded to tbe right of the rectly oppoelte, OB the south wall, hang Sibbbt A. Pbb- at last" Another weary delay occurred,vray to his hotel at once, if he desired to give the ex Prince, having his attention called to the circum- First Er'gade, resting on the north side of the Battery, CT'B weU-knoWB " Landscape in th« New Foraat," and corps of poUcemen arrived, another rush was made atCanal-street, from which Broadway proper begins. FrocessfoB aa«l Scenes In the accounts which follow more specific detailsthe Barriet Lane to the the msinlfest- and the bands playing altem<itely " God Save on the Shenandoah, Va.," by Wa. L. Sortab;and entrance, amid deafening cheers and erieathe sentence being " You are very welcome," at the entrance, and, accompanied by Maj.-Gen. —both, in our judgment very eharmiog works. Di- tothehoteL Then the cry was raised " lie is < iwere strangers, hustledofftotheothersideoftlw street5)f, accompanied as before, but owing to the delays response—" Very welT; I thank you." The incident waved Itom the balconies and windows of the adjacent lor which adjoins the Prince's dining-room, there it But at last the untversal distress was reUered. Th*With his concurrence, therefore, Capt Faoicob or- ct ildren that swarmed without the indosure, he wa.s"FiguresandCattle,"byBAOBaAUTBan,ladles,ble feelings. He tlierefore entered his carriage about dered numbers 30,MI, of the same code, twisted in loudly cheered, and handkerchiefs and hats were scape and Figures " by W«. Shatbb, 8r. In the par- indiscriminately.The Tkomaa P. with a Way,ofto by the Governor's Island Ban! on board ;followedfirstby theBedtoe'sIsland also fired a salute, and Fort William, on Gov- next by the Major-General's staff, passed along the Havzll. The other in this enthusiasm, despiteshipping;on t)oth the North and East riverssoldierly bearing—men who came from a land of standing iofngthaemenPtar>an^c,e-door areowing ofhour,the salut- ing from the merchant shipping and from the forts ; the crowds which thronged the pier-beads, and dark- ened the roofs of every house-top ; and the dazzlingsubjectuniforms andoccupied every foot of space upon the Battery, formed a scene the most impressive and beautiful. The gal-altogether numt>ered aboutbristling bayonetsof themilitaryprediction;troopsnda loiBas fteigltt ; all tlie side streets were block-adwlibTahleles,«nd<mtheroofofeverycoachor theCommitteeofReceptiontoprovidethecollation immigrantswhowerequarteredtherehadbeenre- histour,membersoftheCommonCounciland additionalassuranceof$20,000liastieenincurredfor^ IchDienwasvisible,andeventheplasticbncyof1^^'^lff'J of ttk platnre, never before tiave vre tt* l:Behold, it is very like my feather !"at•rton'aijl dedgBs,Umay not be 8 o'clock, but fome delay occurred in Waiting for the upon the walls, or depended from cords stretched all were emptied. Near the platform, meantime, with inappropriate to repeat that tiie accommodations pro-Im^jWkIiwhich the Royal party was to see the troops march by.rately illustrated and beautifully bound. Apart however, from all these things, itas were protnidad on poles out of a^-Wtadows aad hotsted omr all the chimney-to go on l>oard.fabolouayslcas by the pre^uriettHsflaaieD having Uied them eight*aace ibr the lole sake of securing a good view of theto pass, theyeariypagaimtaad m some one man or body of men must rest theConsul at New-York. Henry Grinnell,Peter Cooper,Wm. B. Astor,Daniel Drew,E. M. Blatchford,at New-Orleans,J. Buchanan Henry, a nephew of the President,Surveyor Hart, Charles O'Conor,Mr. Cassell.Col. E. G. Thompson, Maj. W. L. Skldmore.trite andwearisome fromtion, but by no other simile can you express the cliar- acter of tbe tidal mafs wbich yesterday billowed through Broadway. The current of omnibuses and in carriages was tapped very early in the day, andw tmttHC;ynisJahnJar.Robert B. Hintnm,Augustus Schell, George T. Strong.CalcuIattaBB rtiadve to—hundreds oftook their la Iha poaltleataikfllta aOMhia to orange and leamn traes la fttS ftafli'gen- ten days in ad-and the Committee of Invitation, wereof humanwto tlielT families and friends. Somewliere Mr. Archibald, British John Cochrane,;tbeDuke of Newcastle, next him Oen. Bbdox; onSt Germans. Beiund them stood the rest of the Royal party. Gen. SAsnroan, after giving the order for the troeps to march, stationed himself on horse-way fiirougfalaspoasQdllty of Oose selfish diqiiayB at the Battery,wideh delayed the passage of the procession up thebeat part of Broadway, until after daifc—«o that by the District Attorney, John Hoey.At 23i o'clock the booming of cannon was heardNarrows. In a few minutes the tall masts of the Har- ceived the honor of a marching salute, and to every><!iif llinarhing Canal-street, one would have re-officer, aa each passed, he touched his hat Gen. Sass. scattering among the ladies on the balcony, who eag- roan, speaking to Gen. Bbucb, presently said, Tell erly rushed inside to secure a good seat from which the Prince only to salute the colors and not every;paired adark-laatam and a search-warrant to tell the John H. Brower, Edwin Croswell,Royal Phelps, Mathew Morgan, James Lee,sfrcet entrance, at which it had been privately ar-it was as two rivers, running counter to each other in the same bed, their waters touching yet not ming-Frinee <tf WaleafrtHD FBasaano Wood, or Fsxiuitso WooB frwa His Most Boyal Highness.AGen. BxncB to the Prince and then spokeInstead of the main byBeddes these, tutingas invitedconsti-Now we shall descend, crushingCisco,Held,ttwear-Lieut-Gen.Wlnfield Scott, Hon. Wtn. L. Yancey,tbe saloons, elbow one another heartlessly in theJudge Roosevelt, V. 8,inthe distance, and all eyes were turned towards the back near tbe right of the platform. The Prince re-policeman, private apartmentMosesTaylor,M. O. Roberts,stands at the door of awtiich several of iiis companions are seen taking theirbut theirchannels were supplied by two longitudinally etar-guests,partly :ourthe voluble crowd of admiring ladies who throngJolm O. Broadbead,Wm. Muir, British Consulanswered Gen. SANDroBO, saying that the Prince felt This, however, is jsematnre. Prom the Astor The latter two were specially deputed by the Gov- of the steamer at ttie walls of the fort, when they as if he could do no less tban return HouaedowntotheBattery,acurrentofquickdlver ernoroftheStatetowelcomethePrincetoNew- greetedthePrincewithwelcomecheers. Thespec- the salute of the officers, but that if Gen. aonld scarce have pressed its way through the solid York on his behalf. tators were confined exclusively to the gallery, the Samdfobd wished it he" would salute only the The guests being now all on board, the boats were main floor being set apart for the City officials, mem- colors of each regiment. Oh, just as he likes," re-door on Fifth- avenue. A cerberus stands at tbe door" ling.That on the flowed downward right steadilytoas the circumstances would admit The fewof eral So valuable are they that an 'altyprivate galleries. j trembUng fingers of Dawn traced along the sky, nowas selectedoaailre*r,irttb straiaiag necks and staring eye-balls. for the expected party on board of the steamer. The moved with their baggage to a shed outside the walls, others, and all preceded by eight mouated these alone, in order to provide against any chance of Millk—laiiiifkamaaltyctostared.Battorelieve wisdomofthisselectionwasfullyvindicatedbythe andtbefloorshadbeenthoroughlysweptandscrubbed, policemenandfiftyonfoot. ThePrincerode injurj'orloss.Mr. Btbtsor,of the AstorHouse,by gardenfollowed by carriages containingtbecompanionsprompt and characteristic style in which the duty wasand presented a clean and wholesome appearance.up Broadway and Park Row, and into the City Hall Park by the east gate. "Fhe Mayor andOne of the adjuncts to the furniture may not be >m-had (aidIn spite, however, of the pfrevailing indifference ofThe room was decorated withOn the slab of theUiat almost covered the eastern wall of hisaand American colors,worthy of notice.magnificent ilittftti (HmMnatinnn of quasi-national evening, so that nothing remained but for the guests terwoven, ran along the banisters of the gallery, and platform had been constructed and carpeted, from private sittiBg-room, was a heavy folio Bible, elabo-MSB snek m surptiuiage of bunting, such a superftiityattended to. Everytliing requisite for entertaining the party was on board^f the steamer on Wednesdaybunting;Englishamicablyin-hisguests alightedin front of tbeCityHall, where apier-glasstwined them.<«lves around the columns in the centre,The hour fixed upon for leaving the Battery was while flags of nearly all the nations of the earth hung There was some delay In removing the carriages after—out upon the Battery, the praadng steeds and gaytheEnglandiiaa.^profuse display ottopsdtaigtataBtrade.Onemighthavethoughttliat Committeeandguests,anditwasnearly9o'clock acrossthearena.TheSiameseflag,withahugegray hisbackturneduponthePrince,stoodanAlderman, videdforLordRisrazwwereelegantlysimple- thedaygrewthewholepavementbecameaaalregeWeduadihyhad bee* set apart by law as grand wash* li« di4r fbr aU tlw tags <m Xanhattan Island, and thatbefore they were all on l>oard. Lieat.-Geiisral Scott cameoif about this hour, and was received with ail the honors, the American Ensign being rmi up to theelephant pictured upon a ground-work of red, hung over the main entrance that leads out to ttie Battery .|who, apparently smarting under a sense of snubbedsimplex mun<ji<ii>, as Hobacb said, a man who, in Ills day, was a recognized authority in matters both of pleasure and taste, and wlm never could endiue theof humanity. The myrlad-toogued Press had thatfhe ooedpatlaB of peaeefol ward to sliake his hand.tervening moments, or rather liours, in viewing the cipal legislator of our day. . Every now aad titen be bung tliere bad been arranged one of tbe moat luxu- hung out upon the baleoniea Uke grapes en li ilBeeiltwllhiaaBl without .•tttis ntf ]eaM,tOO,«W human *betDga.There were also on board the Committee of Recep- tien, as fellowsdecorations of the Interior, or promenading the balco- ny outside. The view itom the balcony was partica- larly liae, and elicited frequent exclamatious of de-fwould um and impudently look the Prince Aiilin the face, then coolly measure liim with bis ejne fnmi bead to foot The Mayor appeared to notice it, and,rious collections of exotics, " foreign and domestic," (BB we trading people say,) we have ever looked on.Theae were Bo disposed as to produce the illtuion that they weire the aataral growth of tte loeaOon lavines, and embroidered wonders faiatXj Sattned fta»feminine at a moment's nsUoe to pockets, ready ttagthemaelvea to tine air and wave a perfumed aatataUMaHeir ofI«f waH— litBamiltsB Fidi,Luther BradlA,* * i >ii 111 ot^pnkKahadteSt MidMlaa aad lI«ilU|i«IKp»i, fhclng on tiw street, were held atW.la «'h«*»l»»««»Jahai.H. B. Plaid, President Chas. King, Peletiah Peril,B. D. Siliiman,wltoaithercweretwoorthma ThalaagiiBeofaoldlerB stMtDbwlJriaeea wan qiewlilyA largethe ships at Capt LkosAEB, and the whole arrangements were ad- Capt. MnjJts—Col. Vosbciwih had been kicked by a" angrygrumph; yousult, engulptdngHon. Mr. Elliottwith Lord Ltobb on Ms left, beaded the and immediately on Ue entrance to the Garden, versation, he doffed Ills hat and bowed several times to the rightthey cameeyeof the visitors. distinguishedto cross to it and penetrateit One who occu- lady,in front, was politely re-"solved into a That eye was fixed so faith- aigle eye.quarter-deck.On thepassageBay,Thepiedconspicuous positionin one direction as though it were a mirror whick would shatter with the slightest motion,—hat one fig-and that wa* figonthe figure of a Prince.Wbenthe booming of guns told that the Herritffollowing of cousins, uncles, brothers-At two o'clock expecutlon began to seethe into im- unsurpassed scenery of the bay. The wind finally and left.Whenadvancing drums of "theNationalto way for a moment givettieirla-law, and husbaikds to dead sisters.tliequestedbut not sufficient to render it at all unpleasant At 111( o'clock, A. M., the Har- hours of waiting—most of riet Lane arrived at Amboy. The train containing the royal party had not yet arrived, and it was twenty-and which had been adaiitted" You must rememlier," remarked Gen. Sa5I)-Lane had arrived, the thrUlof people was somewhat as that wliich may be si^>-and by viewing and admiring the party,fresh from the South, and on getting below the Narrows, some little motion was imparted to thequired " FOEK.1 observed their line on the Battery," saidemphaticsidered th^ request so unreasonable that she con-vessel by the rising swell,at another " that these arc all citizens en- time,said, "You must geton the Sir sidewalk.gentlemenfood look, a strong look, and a look altogether, at the three minutes to 12 o'clock before the telegraph an- centre of the floor, where he was introduced to Mayor were all French this an Araericanform and face divine of England's future King. The; "crack" corps that ainsult on one liandpainfulhour ten thousandpeopletook over the sea of upturned faces" down to the Lane proclaimed the arrival of the Prince. Cnl.ItATOB wood's WXLOOKI.Beccz,on oneside, Scylla,:atshaU the enthusiasm when the royal pres- expressbut those of the wiser sort raisefl their ayes to tlie top windows and roofs of adjacent konsM, iatlrfed that more than ten or twenty thou-Thohtsob, accompanied by Maj. SzinuoaB, now land- "ed, and proceeding to the train awaited the appear- the City. 1 welcome you here, and believe that Iwas more thangratify-devious of bricks that we momentari- ly expeded to fell on our bead vrith all tbe force of aonportion of the lower part of the Hotel Twenty-What exclamation points sliall mark the hurrahs which went up from lastyBowling-green;YoDB RoTAL HiaaszssAs ctllef of magistrateThe authorities deserved ; it was magnificent. He saw weence became visible ?nounceditsapproach. TheEnglishensignwasmast- shookhands Wood by Collector Soazu. The Mayorheaded, ready te be unfurled at the appropriate in- with the Prince, at the same time addressing him as stant At ten minutes to 12 the guns of the Harriet;Regiment;then rocked them- selves on tiptoe. But if the excitement was greatBsany-headed strained their necks in vain efforts to** follows;" these are Newcastle said the reception—last we made ourwhen the royal presencewtis announced, what wordsance of the Prince. As soon as he alighted, the Gov-ernor's Aids were introduced to Lord Ltor by Collec- To which the Prince responded as followsinggreat credit, but the people more. thatan admirable Police in New-York, but in citias of the West, in wbich they had no Police, the people behaved exceedingly well. They had been treated with kindness ever since they crossed the border.aa^ quick-eyed sentries were on special duty up tor ScHBLL. who presented them to the Prince. In a Ifcufo^ and Qonld not fall to announce in advance the brief and appropriate speech Col. Thoupbo:! welcomed "THE prince's KE8P0N8E.cratic vision (the lane which sovereigns fenced, yousomedtfllkulty.first to take the hand of the Pilnce, the venerable chieftain bowing with great cordiality, and the PrincePeck, Cornell,LentVan Wart Bogert. Munson,Piatt, SeagristPinckney, Van Tine,Shaw, Townsend,head of the lineat Fourth-At this hour (it was now about 2 o'clock) tbe multi-tude had swelled to a number so enormous that theopposite sidewalks of the streets, at the convergence upon Prince, upon good goodthe vanguard of the made their way through the crowd withrodeof the Press would have lieen denied every facility for performing their duties with ordinaryof which the hotel stands, were almost as firmly packed as if the people had been subjected to hrdraulicmooated 'poUeeaMn, forming proecaslon,and a salute royalthethethe carriages reoched thett'rcet, the military againmarch was continued ttirough Broadway, aroundhim to the State of New-York, in the name of theIt affords me great pleasure to accept your hospi- talities, w bich 1 have no doubt will be worthy of thesuch kerchief and vocal demon-allpata«anusoalapontheseoecaaione. greatCityof and Spain,FriM(MaMBiBg,by lithrough the streetsmothers cried unto their daughtersnow,aathen,At length, about a qaarter after four o'clock, sixteenMayorwereand Fifth-avenue. Without his courtesy"Rise up, rise up Xarifa, lay the goklen euihloa down.Governor. The Prince thanked him kindly for the attention, and they proceeded on board of the steamer- As the Prince stepped over the gangway the EnglishIt was beginning to grow dark before all the troops Wcon then introduced the Prince to the bad passed the City Hall, and the last regiment waswas unfurled at tbewas fired, the band playing " God Save the Queen."througti liim to the Common Council, following members were present :AldermenBoole. Cowuiimenof wiiomPrince and tils Park.Thelinewassmileandaquarterlong.Whenexactitudeortheslightestcomfort.main, TheaeWerefollowedbyacoupleof 9en.Scottstoodatthegangwayandwasthepartythe gentlemenAnd come unto the window, and gaze with all tbe town."Andifeverfemininecuriosityistobepardoned,if is surely in an instance like this, when matrOBl ud maidens rush to the window to look, not so anehensigntbe Common Coimcll andPollciiforce was in attendance, under the charge of turn each salutation. The Seventy-first Regimentto Superintendent Kibhidt, accompaniedbythe Renfrew suite, consisting ofThe Duke of Newcastle, Capt Grey, EarlSBtruGcer.maine, LDor.rdAuckland, Gen. Hinchinbrook,ment and mark the profile of the people who werePrince,fuUyto the Garden before any of the party on board, here commenced an air,Gen.saw."FOBD,gaged In their regular occupations." The Mayor,temptuouslyWliile in search of this opening, one policeman camewhich ran that line alongthewas concluded. The Prince, accompanied by Lord Liom and the named, advanced to theposed to pervade the electric wfre.announced that Lord Rbkfbzw had landed, was then reviewing the troops on the Battery, the ex-citementwhich they continued to play until afterreceptionas Prince uf their characuristics. These were all Germans; thoserepresentnecessary material, we at lastlungs when AlbxbtAs slowly tbe think of the gala days:of New-York."President of the Board of Aldermen, Mr. Pbcx, and:wanderings round a pilethe entire without exception." population,Esvabb dawned daMo- upoa:verycavalcade woundGarden,under the Immediate command of the C»eral Superlnteadest of Police, aad a way was thus slowly cleared for the advance of the carriage, drawn by six horses, la which was seated His Royalkerchiefs extending through as many blocks as were occupied about lialf an hour, during which tbe steam- sioners of Emigration, where be doimed bis military porary quarters which had been selected for the ac- endurance, so much patient curiosity, so much de- thou at least canst not claim hlm,-be is not the within sight, and from the first-floor er started on her return. The crowd on the dock costume. In the course of ten or fifteen minutes tie commodation of himself and Ida suite, during his cency 'if demeanor, as were exhibited by that im- of Darkness. edwabb infootplatoonsformed behindthem,and thefelt that histo the lateness of tbetlgue if ntohte tPorince, It was deemed advisable to post-that she was faultlessly clean.fCiterdaT- America triumpbed In the them, and that her handsome brass howltxers and the the Castle Garden landing, and in a few minutes tbe promulgate the orders of the day. The Seventh Regi- Design, in this City, where we well remember to liave cne end of the balcony to the other, and retired ami<f^other brass work about the sliip were converted intor, nkicbms a* briglit mi October in his best their would be but Prince and his (Hends prepared to land. He shook ment had 650 men in the ranks, tiesides officers andmem^Mt day of the Ji^Muicae^receptlonfairlyago bythanks,bywuColonel,theysome timeas he was ^edthat her decks were af white as the moat scrupulous could desire to seewliich was sold Lxbdb & Co., at the Academy ofmembers of his party. He;steamer-Tbe Barriet Lane was handsomely laid alongside ofninth (Irtsb)Regimentdid not parade; itssay, will te immediately court-martialed for failing tolection of a New-Orleans'gentleman,and otherbowed liisexpresaJvely the Duke fhimsees it on exhibition. immensemirrors by perfect polish, partially hands very cordially with Capt Fiurcb on stepping band. The Brooklyn militia looked well, and the The private parlor of the Prince contains a very The people still remained and shouted, but iie didkBaoreoidd make H, and a fediag more generoas expressing the truth. In a word, the HarrittLaiu, ashore, and thanked him for his polite attentions. Thirteenth Regiment, which in dress resembles and beautiful painting by Coubt, of Paris, a " Blonde and not again present himself.Mam mere' eurJodty emptied New-Toik Into Broad- from truck to kelson, was a fit receptacle for any -vay. From the Battery to Grace Chnreh the great party.Lord Ltosb and the Duke did the same. in bearing vies with the National Guard, was espe- Mr. Scbiu. introduced the Prince to Mr. KainiBST, cially commended.Brunette," lifeslie ; TApr'a very fine prairie scene, Mayor Wood, Mr. Abcbibau), the British CobbqI, Check! keep your distance ;" and a little gem by and others, whose names do not now oceor to as, McIbtbb, "Morning in the Kaatskills." The Prince's were the guests of tbe rfgal party at the dinacr bed-chamber is bung with some very excellent en- which followed the^^e popular demonstrations ofrise;atoxea became theatres for the nonce, Aeaietant Engineerseat with him fat Mayor Wood, and facing them weie Ail the paintings are acknowledged to be originals and without way,to be aware that thewas one vast troaich of humanity, ani- The officers of the Harriet Lane are :the Superintendent of Police, who stood at tlie landingprepared to receive him. Cheers now broke forthfrom all sides, and the Prince, followed by his friends,entered Castle Gardens bowing and raising his bat took his seat in the studiously plain )>arouche, drawn by AiBZET, the Princess Aucx, Prince Alfbbs, the Duke WHAT THE PEOPLE DID.Ugiiwaymated, guttering, good-natared, First lAeutmant tka beat of an poealble grcetiogs to the coming Second Lieutenant Prince. By common consent eTerytx>dy'a business Tkird Lieutenant aeemeltobe sacriAced to the pleasure of everybody Ckief EngineerTHE PROCESSION. The review ended, the Prince, stilland bent on making CaftainJoHK Faokoi.iuaa D. Ushib.D. C. CoimsBU.Chabus B. Bxsbitt. to the greetings of the crowd.Jajiis R. Obtbubsb.Waltbb Scott.Cbablbs G. Dau. It is due to the Commissioners of Emigration to state the Duke of NewcasUe and Lord Ltons, with the of the highest order, and were furnished for the occa- hours he uriiered, in were to gem a gala day. Thedignity, in that be was not permitted to be active in Long before the Barriet Lane hove in sight at the the ceremonies of the reception, seemed anxious totbfr same stetnte as the *Kr «jr^^»g aad hlnafffcing Ihem.WaMBtr*«oiuselteawUUothemarkinstating inexcellenthe^thandspirits,andwaswarmlygreet- missiontothereception,liadcollectedwitliinthe andbis handsthrustfarintoidsbreeches' trance-hall—bytheway,wemostnotyetInthe dowopenedabatteryoffacesnpoottiepathahaia fhathatvaaafte iMjliaf whteh Biowa U Sexton, ed by a large number of gentlemen, who pressed fbr- walls of Castle Garden, where they occupied tlie in- pockets, he was the very impersonation of the mimi- corridor in wiilch RaiiaaaB' and SnnaaB' picture is Albxbt EnwABD was to tread, dusters af ctiaallBejusl»jiia|i>iiti(iaiill>i)<toas he on Ixiard, the Band peak stepped" lo, Narrows, the seven orhuifdred people, more or evince hisentrance oncastle, with Lord Ltobb completing the party. right hand, and bowing as they were presented. He The Prince shcok hands with President Pbcx, and at first designed, were immediately dismissed os ac- bushel, and nothing but the most energetic good woman ?" inquired a gentleman standinr near.Gen. Soorr doing the honors. Tbe Prince took each gentleman by thevatecount of the lateness of the hour.Prince, and others of the suite.Twenty-third-streettroops,launch an oath at her eyes.blue cloththe windows and balconies broke forth in- pants, a dark vest and necktie, black bat, and faun tired, leaning on the arm of Mayor Woon, and fol-was dressed in a plainfrock,grey bowed to the rest of the body In a lump. He then re-the landing. The quietThose who had seen the Queen of England saw a was introduced to Gen. Sakdpobd. who stood in wait-had youth—In a impieseionof thethe Prince made a most favorablehe ,,^^,Theof martial as the va- most emphatic orders to restrain the crowd, and these music,made In the word,manly appearanceRoyalrude. On three sides of the were stretched from lamp-post to lamp-post,excuse. But tul waited. Now and then some incident would occur, and, in the want of somethingone'"/^"^ »„d sideways «i.ged ^^wave, of heads and --^o'.!^^^' „,„„pta, mardi wa.dignified won allbearing hearts.:. ,underawning of the quarter deck, the table being on rious corpswere marched to the place of rendezrous. orders they obeyed with an efficiency tli^t to many hand. The police made a rush, the middletheEngland an.l America wereo'dock all were in line at the Battery, and the thoroughfares through which the procession was to pass were lined vrith people and poUcemen. The lat-an ShortlyIt occur to reception he was then re-of flags of all natlon> wasS.e one hi. granafather might havefore and aft. CoUectorScbiliter in some cases,? Ashe statooofaa subeequenUy ttenowthhUJba flowM aoand Judge Roo8bvzi.tAfter hinch the Prince went upon theso few could controlthem. Over the railroads that third-street and Fifth-avenue. The furniture of of his approach was raised, the «-'«"f'"*"'J^JS^usUie tide of popular feeling whichentwined, and a suspended amidships,courteouslyrun- occupied the head of the table, thehad much ado to keep the formert".for had he come over some years agoscreenK*"''^ the crowd in- into a hobblingstill leaning onmovement on the part of the spectators. At the doors thecircumstances intoaccount, it was perfectlyI know the crest of dameTrotter.keep them from tumbling tialf-across the way. vidual in the crowd caught up the echo of ""^^ to Impetuous applause, the flutter of white hand- colored kid gloves. The ceremony of introducUon lowed by his suite, to the private room of the Commis- In antloipatlon of the Prince's arrival at tbe te*n- The crowd waited and waited. So much imfllnchlng and said, " Mine, too." Nay, thought <"""m^nIc^echlmoey-tops. The Prince, who was dressed in thesojourn poUcemenArmy, and immediately passed out of Castle Garden, tioi.ed round the buil'.ling to repress all irregularity of venture to say, never tiefore equalled. Taking all the vanresemblance in the features of the son topride, though something of physical weariness was thoFe of the mother. Mr. C. W. Fibld, who wfraes- were also introduced to Gen. Sakdfoed, and in a few wert placed, who performed their duty of excluding It ts true that some of these could not well avoid giv-alsovisible. Manybandsofmusicbrokeforthat quentlysawthePrincewhenhewasinEngland, momentsthewholepartymountedtheirsteeds,and everyonenotimmediatelyconnectedwitlitheestab- ingoccasionalexpressiontothefrfeelingswithade- to waswellin"g'w"i"thf°"anj^,andmountedtphoe-His fair and youthful face was elatefor him at the gate.preparedTHF REVIEW ON THE BATTERY.ingsentriesa manner of that would not hesitate to excessively rigorous, if not gree acerbity gallantryfor tbe review of the troops.pour licemen had waters to retire.^„j commandSeveral of the Prince's suiteand at 'he foot of thethe ladies formed tlie larger portion of theThe First Division was underarms nearly all dayof the long. In the early hours of the day the whole City rim of sidewalk,alongtheThethrongwasexceedinglyUrge theroon^:! in their, places. hisintensity,frightenedfragment When the Scotch Regiment passed,nation and confusion—needlessand very unladylike rebuff on the other Charybdishadthousand of tliatgot round to the front of the hotel, then to the back, and eventually to a chofr, for which we were indebted to tbe very considerate at- tention of Mr. Beomz, who occupies as a store alargeUnion-square,up Fifth-son ewhatbuilding ropes,triflingmyon the otherway through the dense mass. After manyEnglishpany, which had been provided for him. On the back with the Royal family.roeecalmlyandcomposedly,verymuchinIlls usoalWith Ids bat onthe Conquering Hero Comes." Gen. Scott appeared less, who were fortunate enough to get tickets of ad- the back of his head, a cigar in Ills mouth, But let us descend. We return to tlie grand en- tbe picture-ftame of > family group, and eraiy wl»'playingeightfeelings^ publicly.slightest approachto vulgarity in anything.groaning beneath a Uving loadevery doorway waslight from the ladiea, ofaAar dlieettBg a polleennB to seetoltthat taken to the raaroftheCIty ^f^_ tanej to the Di*o of Mewdude, hnd «M vary... . .-^j ..whiohthey appearad.tt^ weAplaatt,;of the cavalry, the bright flags and signalsflying from the innumerable masts in the North and than the civil authorities." At length everything was enaemtrie.plaaat to tbe touttrappingsEast Rivers, and tbe multitude beingsthan that which signaUzed the entrance into tbe City of the Japanese Ambassadors a few months ago.*- The here seem to beliave better the people aroundand addedcimialaglyto and frocovering all the house-tops within sight, altogetheron his right were, firstthenthethe line of and soldiers,audibly,ready. In the centre of the platform stood the Princewalls,beyondpresented a spectacle not less animated and grand his left were Lord Ltoss and the Earl of Prince's bedroom, and fall into raptures over the dec-swayingMayor,riet Ltne appeared in sight, and there was a generalturned off intoby-sfreetsseparateof the tlemen, however, remained outside until the arrivalto witnessthereception.large portiongen-officer."ranged the Prince should enter,this a of a command. " Ah !" said Gen. countrymen." The Duke ofand the military, which formed there in line after ieeviag theto^ ordered halt,thecarriagesbrought up up Broadway pastthird-strcctAT THE FIFTH-.4.VENUE HOTEL.windows to the cheered vociferously as she steamed away from reappeared in the uniform of a Colonel of the British In this City, a cordon of wassta- posing masa of at least 50,000 people, were,' we will Onward moved the cavalcade, Am'"and hat of the Prince evidentlyafter (on the strengthtip-toe ofspeciallysetapartforthe voyage and his attendants. as the hours wore on, it increase! so that These form a considerable portion of that wing of thetbe hour at which the procession was to iMnce,detelied into bulletsstands on the comer of Twenty- sign of appearance, of Lord Rk:,fesw. A""'^;" ^""°„' "mles of the model, did heleft, with Gen. Soott be- long beforeNewcasUe. Lord Lrom, slart and, whichonce stood,for the troops being kent open by means of strong Wa. B. asToa, Governor Brad.sb, Gen. Baeoi, there'was wonder whence so many came, and how buildingagainftoccupying po.iUone near themupper forward lead to the City,raid onropes Iwldilig back the peoplevaitt tta statne of civic justice liaving no oecupanlsjaia lb rrtnfiTj Mt snitCi and tharegolar meaaberstl OCT City Gorenimcnt, This gave a fine field for the scenery of the bay as they passed along None but privUeged persrais were (tdntlttod within tious. The wood work of the chaL's, lounges and and another lubjectUntitled Document;and the parade- groundroomsdevoted to the use is by no meansmade,theusands fromcompany with Mr.AacnisAiD, John Jai poured into the City in the morning Ualns,asRoyal Theinand t^e gentlemen of his suite, continued todeck, an<i,intruder^rich, not ostenta- the rujp^r proved to<m SifkA, i>«#«.)Inspect for the lastrfew they have been pouring. days;jir; fe j.Ljfor laughter presentcIConchidathe rural districtstbeHighnessupholstery is plain, not gaudyof His gorgeous.evokedfagaintbe policewithin the sacn.1^^^-^ J«>"«ts.^and^^noon, we wereof an introduction to Mr.Prince did notacknowledgment Did [ H wditoentwastheinvited Hiichoooi, one of the obliging proprietors of the hotel) to inspectIn uniform,gravings, mostly portraits of the Queen mother. Prince respect that we have already descritied.ihisandgentlemenon(ward,camedownandaccompanied Witharmspresented,officersandcolorsinadvance, FallofNiagara,"havingoneithersideofit "Views riage drove round to the TwentytUad-altaet.:large partyladiesby raisingchapeau,City, passengers " " still farther a " the aame of " God bless him the horsesing, by their cheers and waving of handkerchief^, the the Queen and Hail to the Chief," the on, Sybil's Temple," by ;" werekindliest feelings. On passing the Narrows a salute military stood drawn up in four lines, while artist, all admirably finished pictures, full of q>(rit and drawn op within a few paces of the door. Tlie Pibea wasfiredfromFortHamilton,whichwasresponded thePrinceandGeneralSAiropoan,sidebyside, vrmtemlitanee.OnthesouthwallthereisatfteztUil sUghted,amiwithhat'lafaaaBkastefladtBto-ttA'fttiM,of ills reception and its incidents will be found. on tOM^ THS HARRIET LANE,inthewelcomingreceptionextendedtothePrinceofWalesyesterday,theUnitedStatessteamerBarriet ernor's Island,paid the partyasimilarcompliment frontofeachBrigadeandreturnedbeiiindeachtothe pictures elegantapart- effortsoftbe police. Hehadnotlongdliappeawdera Lane was assigned a most honorable and pleasing As the Harriet Lane neared the Battery tlie view was right of the line. Tbe Division probably never ap- ment are a portrait of WAsmitoTON, by Kbhbbardt tbe crowd rushed to the front of the hotel to sae thewater-color painting by Eo. Cobbocu), and a"Scene bowing as he went to the applauding throng wta, tanoblemen andontheThames,nearRiciimond,"(London,)byWu. their surroundedhim e*«nIke in the extreme. The gaily decked-out peared to better advantage. Every man doubtless PrALZ, and a very pretty miniature of the Queen of review. Only the Twelfth Regiment came ap, be-which the Prince's private parlors are entered, thereof the became clamoroua te tte ing park oppositesix black horses belonging to the Adams Express Com- of Wellington, and others immediately connected The sun that rose so brightly yesterday morning,AT CASTLE GARDEN.that they had burnished up Castle Garden with a good two troops of Cavalry attached to the Seventh and tion by Williams, Stbvbbs b Wij^iams, who were east hung out no clouds to tell ofdeal of care, and made it as near like a castle and a Eighth Refiments respectively acting as an escort, obliged to have recourse for a portion of them to sev-orations of his parlor. We are at|last,uBder the care of an attentive cicerone, safely landed in the great en- trance-hall. Werushfrantically aftertheproprietor. In vain he Is in solemn conclave with a;ocean,hast>ecomerepeti-pool andspinningelderlygentlemenaroundinunaoeos- tomed evolutions. Below the Bowling Green aadone side ofthe the dint Ceiberus withdraws and slams the door; idistingui aoflong heads andBattery, poUcemen, by suc-breaking bruising trespassing fieet, policeman In wliile gloves givesjtyou an immanneriy ceeded iu preserving an open space. It was a curiouspresmre." " and Sure," she cried,you can't stand on the sidewalk ;you can't stand anywhere. Sir. until you cross the street."here;pUed stereoscopic profile,since 11 o'clock, presented an almost impassable bar- ed into one. And the expression of a hundred alpha-Go somewhereGen. Baccz. "Yes," answered Gen. Sa»»- nose, wltli an "No, Sfr !" and a third con- ure was reflected upon its surface,Guardwere heard, Is that the Seventh Regiment ?" In- else," wa^ the tart reply. Another turned up herandnobody is allowed to stand in the street ;" then, when a renewed attempt to comply with the executive's demands bad failed, another came up and repeated the order. So it went on, until between indig-up;And when It wasThewithout marching around Madison-square^ as was street like apples out of a too liighly-heaped I want to see my Prince." " Is he your Prlrioe, myon thecome,—down the street but as the lauBhter of"1 Jd'hls caP^but atawny dogdid, and trotted affirst"glookedirmf by the Green where the leadenpone, forego it.When the review was over, the hosts that crowdedwhorepoee. Then another rush for the Twenty-third- reuts of humanity, flowing in opposite directioas.with two policemen as his henclimen. Can't re- themainhere.Sir,"saidhe. "Well,butmayInot townB.attAetrytheBowlingGreensutbregedcociematserlescsulryreunpt-s, look at the crowd for a moment ? 1 do not wish to met and an eddying, mselstromle wiifrl was the re-Prince. When these calls had continued for saveial;applause.seeming;Polonius could not have twisted one of the crestingcloudsaboveintoaPrince'splume,thoughaPiinoe "Nature, an early stroUer tlirough Broadway would have known that the day was pregnant with soma great event. Almost before the dew had dried horn the curbstones, they were fringed with feet, and aa— purplein the glowing greeting, to-day, wlilch tteThe Prince cometh ! and the masses came forth in their might By 10 o'clock every stone step in the lower part of Broadway mamorning said unto the people:toseemed to haTO troubled flie mlads of fewthe fact that six stow hoars nmatithe princely proeeaaian eoold by any poaaMUty -asMBhappy if they even secured a standing-plaoe.Tbe comparison of a multitude of peofde to aathusvan—blessing their good angela 11 they found a seat,:that on tbe lefttoBac*;ap could tnt when the Cid was wont to rideE'-J'°P t^,and tlie te-golden 'J^.www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069iMriN iiiiiii 