 MauaigftgWALBB.moraine (*ad dinner* » a y b e v r e H .fat there ar«. >'-*afc glitter p«"i«ntup::n atrgs wide** iington. w i t h i shikaertbs »*fc why?ithaytotb* -vaina»ntc aved by only i Pr*ei*Bnf«•sac£gftioi> 3denr.joys ta >asaads who ierfc not wildof triumph cjtypftjpi- < and hopestbeim not fkeaoestjeal-a s orm of a* this has daiaa, upon cow, ie (he \r a long time| e W t , the e x - ae!. .There ier. uad a vivid [la*: Preeidan-ptjoa giveia-were seven were invited, Of e wrse,r.i'ieatly re- id eoald not atinailen- appropria^esin* of eatclu 9 igm* izing ail*irof prie an event as for. It was r *uy a; »ca~ uid have of- tundred re- ztpliH3nt of t several Wci*e House b » expansive ha secondary nt. Asth* smiled withbe admirable >ei»-afcle seven snubbed thou-To this eona- 'vo, for four at him. P o -ocial wrath is- age. I knew iJ his chancewas evident by Hiss Lane a* flood of in- gn Dr. Jones,avity. For a is Rad Room. ay, to watca, p-iaji >g him, ent expanded!Q/ill±ied, and splendent corn- wrthaweupoa- t teemsd to ia- »re hints of the •views of the*rnests. The ibukx of that female toilet?,tiv>n ;oat the miration, was %as rejected-j£t envelopes,, declared aup- !>, nnder pro- biso pines for 5t? of tbe mo it?etuera was in full s of the gentle- tired, ie a point bi)ck, with nodiamond-eta? oi Newcastle,, Jermains wo.-e £iouter* "wer& ,os; the recep- >an affair oftbs Austrianewes, to the pas of wbi'e U bohthes of dad pearls. I n rere wreathed,the sustained saay elegance, totber nii»oe of* she was. in ipon her hair, her lad/ pres- ar of the Em* ?bitech-nil Ie„ - toe, w a s her; ise late Vice-i with tinted ' grayed in the e niemoera ofwas ":;. bloe> lowew in her forenojewel->-colorwd silk, rig diamond*. . 1 Mrs. Black:the most pro- white. Many Washington, & SIid«Jl, in trUstand gold were always Bsou velvet,wi h grapes » proclaimed igbter, woxeblue. Her wit, the wife •colored silk, i tiorally be- tt her eingn- tone failed t<s i'/C and r^ee-| VIr. Cass's u Idagrudtr: *rd»nght^r, taeleoa of * itfiedtihede|Of ^e.i deemed •.-e aii-i Vti s- kt', MJC"Greo. JMLioister t o id daughter,agpkii OapU i and Mrs. . rt GeorgeMr», Bou- KU/I, M i j o r si .declared,ansfaia au tfttsbaokfe* an nsksows Uod, and tampers WitV an, unkao'm corps made no personal calls, but left their cards, ac- enter?d a email ba'k room in th* rear part of the stc<re, Sommer, witbraie and beatifal flowers. iBm e.iablihg trees have been planted doring, tho la^ month and | pulpit in the treatment ot' ft" '•*«• which'araume ihe dread responw'bi i»y.T E f i K B i f c C a a P T I O N O P T a E P R I N T C E O F W A X E SSouth-1 never better deserving the epithet of " sunny." The whole party wasio grevt sphrita.p H. A t A c q u i a G r e e k t h e r o y a l p a r t y l a n d e d , b a d e g o >d-and a box containing deeds, mcrtgagea, and-other val-and grounds of many of our statesmen as evidences of tbexopirnots of wise men on Una sahjeot, and etosed w i t h a t r i b u t e t o t h e l a m e n t e d D o w n i n g , t o w h o m t h i sonly of New-York, but of the whole country. 8>>me Dental Sorg-ry, has induced a number of d*utieta of^^.: ; v'-'"' •"**?"NEW-YORK DAIL Y TRIBUNE, MONDA Y/ OCTOBER 8, 1860.tnes\ pceMvely be recorded, to typify the general char- Southern gentIfmen here, now that they have seen amount of nearly $1,000, ft teems that whi'e Mr. [ tions of tiae world might be viewed in a ebort voyage Alfhocfih it Js gettfcg late ia &* eea-on, tbe aprear- be co-wo-Ws in tC* K**81 °*»« P* human amattolp*. ecter of the aesemblege. him and his suit*, regret the more that he cannot ox- around the PaieceGardru, It ;ha$ o&eu.propoEed that; anoe of »he Park improves fta>m #^eek to weak. A libD, bet wbo occnpW^ a n MiM'Hadlj attitude to<^>^c««L-!rafbJy, perbap*", for when one travels in terd his journey to tbat part ^f our ooantrv. av garden vb<r es'abiisbed brideV the fiwapices' of tr»».' d f<> -During the. etay.here of tbePrince the diplomatic io. the/front part of the sbcre, some person, unobserved,. Americaa Insti'ute. which should be jSjled. Winter and great ricmber and variety of ohrwb, c^^'-green, aid fir ! thofewhohad detemrfrK%fo%e&i;vrboabaBfo««e the oonrequencee? One feels, cording to clique*fe, ' ' — •-• ?•'•'•••• - :and opening a desk by means of ful« keys, took outtbe^people of the city to indu'are in this reiln^d aod' were at large plots gyawedvWhUe a vast extent of eurfica &-*« I ^ J ^ ^ ^ h h the spirit aud letv^ 0. ^a^ospel._^ "-' ' SICHMONT), Saturday; Oct. 6,1860. six' $100 bills of the^Macuftctu ^re* B^nk of Now- civjlizirg taste for flowers. Mr.Antboa th<n went in"o been gr-t ready for tbe turf, which will be vMittw be- | ^•»otionwa«tmar)imoT»sly to&*e6\ The. Hairiot Lane had a fine 'run to Acquia Creek. an argnment with a supposed utilitarian, on the practi-As the passed Mount Vernon tho thip's bell was tolled, York, twenty five-frauc gold piecas, and some Ameri- cal kenefite of a hor:icubural • exhibition, citing the fore Winter sets io, sous to come out in good c editionoeeae of »ilMn«ry lies nndisoovered beyond. Bat and, after; a^moment*ry hesitation, all the royal party can goli and silver, amounting in all to $800. Taoy- ancient villas of Rr.me, Pope's villa, Walter Scott's in the Spring. Altogether, tbe Park isalready a uota- To DENTisTs-Tbe recent death of t>^ late Cbafhr •oasedeereed it who wouM not be denied. Let them removed their hats. Tl»e day-was beautiful, and the also tcok a valuable watch; a quantity of silverware; gardens, Lord Jeflries's cottage and >be fine residences ble place, and is fast becoming tbe chief attraction .^ot A. H a m s renior Professor of the Baltimore Gollege ofindeed, i n this ieg»rd. l i t e a little child wandering upon the above, ptekiog np stitches, while the greatu a b l e p a p e r s , w i t h a l l o f w h i o u t h e y e f f e c t e d t h e i r e s -The Ti Ince of W*bs wiUf leave Pniladelpbia for this bye to the gcntlemfn who hadaccompaniedtheoi, and. cape. Yesterday, the box and papers were found in1 a country is deeply indebted,o f t h e a r c h i t e c t u r a l w o r k s a r e s e c o D d | t o n o n e i ntook a special train for. Richmond* lot in South First street^but no clue to the property or dty, on Tbarsdsy moroing n*cst. by special train, over Tb* firrt part of the jourcey was over a road laidthe Camjktt.aud Amboy Railroad, embarking at Perth with the dangerous'strap rail—the only road of the the pejpetrator of the robbery has.yet been obtained. Amfcoy on the revenue cut«er Harriet Lane, Capt. k nd in the country—past woods gay with Autumn's »planting of large trees, in which machinery will be * mplcyed tiniilar to that used in France for thatpur-varehowe, con»«r of Broadway and Bood street, at S ->* </clock, on Monday evei in*, 8th in*t, to express ooa- dcience with the bereaved fAmily, aud appreciation of , the iaerit of the departed.Fanoo*, Caching New-York about 2 p. m. The First livery, past golden fields, past lanes so shaded and EMIGRANT ROBBED,—A German emigrant was found the birds and flowers left to themaelve?; the doors were i , i 0 - •••• .-.'^••••u'>.:-- .•'''''':'Division of the New-York, State Miliiii will pwade at. tree-arefced that the royal party said they were like wandering about the streets on Saturday night, When, shut, and the 32d Annual Exhibition of the American , NATURALIZATION.—Tbe namberofpersons who havethose of England.*•^•"•rr«*12io'clock,andonthearrivalofthe ThetrainthencrossedtheRappahannock,and beingmetbyasmallGermanboy,bewasconductedto Institutewascloped.FATHER MATHEW BALL.—The annual ball of the takenoutnaturalizationpap»rshasaveragedatleast100 FatherMathowTemperanceSociety,,comesoffomPrince, ce will be receivetWoTmally by the Mayor and stopp*d a few moments at Fredericksburg. The Priuoe the Firtt Precinct Station-House, where Ihe informed Common Counca at Castle Garden. Toe line of march w*s told this was the only finished city in the United the Captain, through an interpreter, that after landing :%will be up Broadway and Chatham street to the City States. He cotfd not understand the jest, and sa*d he f«pm the vessel in which he came over, a day or two bad seen finer. It was expUined that the city had not: •'. '.'a d8y for the month past. Some days there are over Wednesday evenbg next, at the City Awewbifr V, 200. The Democratic party is lees active iu farnishiog Rooms. Exteneive preparation8 have betm mads for ." "tickets." than in previous Presidential elections. the occasion, and a large attendance H anticipated by—— • ' • .-•>Hall, where the honors of a marching salate will be pained in population in forty years. ThePriuce ap- previous, he was taken taken to a German boarding' : AMr/sEMENTslr-There is much promise of many good Possibly tVey are afraid the loss would be greater than the frien^'a of the Association.the gain by such a course, knowing that the Brooksf ion wiHform Ate in Broadway, with the right on Washington became a Freemason, and there Washing succeeded in robbing him of all the money he had, cess of the two new plays having coerced the otier alliance has anything but a sweet savor with our Two PERSONS 8AVED FROM DROWWIN^.—Whflertext:; V******7**••••--••••••-•••—,... ................. ,...,!...,.. :THK OEKERAL COMMITTEE OF ARRANGEMENTS:through. There was no formality aod no procession, little expected Under their auspicea Republicanism pathize with Linda, the audience should also be pre- Company No. 11, and ex-Foreman Chso. Alker of En- lad was of kin to the person who had periled his Ufa, I ':J I N V I T E MR TO A. B A L L .VO VK OtVK* BY CITlXIRfS 0Y NKvr-v OKK TO TH1:Z 'I '•• -THE ALBANY STOCK SALE.—The great sale ofblooded cattle and horses which was postponed from: :At the Aocd«a>7 of Mu»ie. o» Friday Evenln*, tht»12th d a y'- - « « * 1 ~~ °'Ottob*r. 18<0. at a o'dAcar^ 1 ' : : PF.TER COOPER, Ch^imau. M. B. FIELD, Secretary. :HoM, in company with tfcoNinih Ward Wide-A wakes, under not be eubatitu'ed iu the course of the evening for the The Prince expressed his satisfaction with the Capt. Lent, a meeting was organized at Morris's Croaa other interesting young girl. It is quite as well to be:FRINUE OF WAL.E3. ipeared deeply interested when he was told that there house in Greenwich street', New-York, where tb*y ton's mother was bnried. A great crowd of peopT amounting to $269. He was then turned out of thethings in the theatrical way this week, the great suc-. paid to the P.ioce and bis sui e, after which the DivisBOBd street, and continue their march up B oad wayaround Union Square^ do«ro Seventeenth street to the negroes bowicg and courtesyinir to the ground,Fifth avenue, and up Fifth avenue to Madison Square piayirg, "Godbless maesa!" The Prince came out lyn, but was unable to return, from tbe want of enough enougli for the gentle public—other plays, Of equal' is now open at the corner of City H*U place and Readeafterpa*pipgwhkh the several brigailes will be marched end b«.wed, curiously itspectingthe slaves, as if he ex- money to pay his fare. His name is Carll ME. EimmelL antiquity perhaps, but from long disuee having a cer- street, wlere Mr. Wtn. M. Wermerskirch will assist body into the water, and on the same instant the plungepee'ed to ree some badge upon them.from thejg«ound by ihcir respective oomo^andants. Tbe train started f»g->in, and passed wide-stretchingAboutjfif een or twenty rooms have been engaged a plantations, with central white'homes. There are butthe Fjfih-a venue Hotel for the accommodation of th few villages on the route, as if all the ground was needof a man, who made for tbe.recediog object. The cry of" "man overboard, stop the boat," which* arose front the passeDg»rs, call the attention of the pilot aadengineer, who with commendable promptness changedmaturity, and becomes, in spite of itself, the prolificcan,'and Mr. Charles W . Church, Democrat, have been ' parent of a dozen others. For all of which the gods be his resignation to Chief-Engineer Decker, couched hundred yards distant from tbe persons in tbsnominated for tbe position by the respective parties to that>ked. '*.".' in the folio wing langauge: ;, ^ water, the first of whom, a boy about •four-were assembled at the depot, cheering"and ehou ing, house and put en a ferry-boat. jHe atrived in Brook-managers into the withdrawal of the old plays thatadopted citizens. It,will be remembered that tbe nat- seated on Saturday morniog at tbe stern of one of tb# uralization oflSce of the Republican Central Committee Willism8burgh ferry boata proceeding from Graud street-,for cultivation, and none oould be spared for buildingPrince of Wales and suite daring their stay in tnia city. lots. Tncomparisoh with the rich prairies which the to be elected this FalL Dr. Homer BartletV Republi-Mr. John A.. Cregier, after twenty-six years' activeThe rooms are on the first floor, and the parlor and bed- Prince bad seen, the land looked poor; so the Duke of room of the Priace will be on the corner, of Fifth ave- Newcastle remarked."nne and Twenty-third street. The adjoining rooms At Ashland, about a mile from whieh Henry Clayservice in the New-York Fire Department, has sent iu the direction of our vessel, now, perhaps, tw*,'fronting on each street will be occupied by the gentle-men coxopcemg the Prince's suite. AH of the apart-Tbe Prince and suite were received at the Fair grounds, two miles distant from the city, at 6 o'clocktbe mountain somefcjmes.gcea to Mohammed, when Mo- THE EIGHTEENTH WARD WIDK-AWAKES.—That hammed finds it inconvenient to come to tho mountain. while m Democratic stronghold, Bush wick, was all As,'for instance, the Prince of Wales does not chooseI have to request you to protect my resiaviation to the Board ofEngineer* and Fo f men at on early day. supported by tbe person who plunged afterRespectfully. JOHN A. CEEGIER. him. Fortunately, the sloop Hardscrabblo, Caps. Mr. Cregier was first elected Engineer in 1847, audwas born, tie train was detained for some time to await tbe arrival of the regular train.which they are attached.-a •Academy of Music.—Thing3 are changed. In our day . DKAR SIR: Having conolnded to retire f«>m the Department, teen years of age, had. been reached aad wtwman. The engines will be eleg>u>tly decorated.One bundred and ten companies have already in- DEA TH CNI>£R SUSPICIOUS CIRCUMSTANCES.—A wo- Horton held au inquebt on S-turda> npon the body ol a ooloredbouse is tVe production of some of the Ravel spectaebs . burials. 22, 2 for de«.f mut^a, and 2 for children of d«af mutes; wbich Borland had on, but fortunately had no*,forots coromuntcants admitted, 22, 9 deaf mutes: received, 47, 1 deaf. enOagh to penetrate further. As Daffy was aboattaformed the Committee that they intend to take part in the parade, and accessions are constantly being made to the number. When the affair was first mooted there were about twenty or thirty companies who declined to participate in the pageant, aseigoiog as their reason their Opposition tOupholtiotf royalty, and because it was proposed first by his Excellency Fernando Wood. These dissenters have, however, since reconsidered the mat er and will probably join.in wiih the others. From the preparations the show will be a magnificent one. TiUre will also be a splendid display of fire works. The route has not jet been decided upon, bat it is probable that the line will be formed in Broadway, above Madison square, and thence march down Broad- way-through the Park, up the Bowery, and dismiss atUnion square.a[By Telegraph.]HIS DEPARTURE FROM WASHINGTON AND• RECEPTION A T RICHMOND V A.W ASHINGTON, Saturday, Oct 6,1860.A SKRVANT GIRL BURNED TO DEA TH.—Coronerpirl called Mbry, who died iu oon»equ«noH of burns sustained L. Fox is chief.. To-night the pantomime of Asphodel, scrintknsand donation*, *8 73C 60; total, SU,277 84; balance from the enraged official. Officer Phillips, of the Firsta special train to Richmond. . .In aoticipadon of securinc a glitrpse of the Pnn.ce as be should m»ke his exit from the Executive Mansioa.• j ^A Friend, Utica Sunda"t-S<hool,son, I>nnJohn, Philadelphia8 008 24 5 00jburn. Va. Norman WhiteThe anxiety on the pnrt of tbe pnoJic to obtain aview of bis Royal Highness seemed to have undarg^neno abatenent as the period of his stay in Washingtonshortened. This was clearly eoideaced by th* crowdswbi h assembled at various points tbia m'-rnin^,anxioosy awaiting tbe approach of tbe Prince on his scholars. It was also used in the morning and after- way to the cut er, wbicb was in readiness to convey noon for divine service. L9st evening it was formally him»eif ani par y to A<quia Creek, whence they go inPreviously acknowledged.»•»•••••••bya company of American pantomimists, of whom G. mute: present number. 141, 43 d^af Jnutes. The bni'dine fund r«.c«-iv«-dfVom the offerings in this Church. (62.54124; trooxsub- repeat the shot Bo'land fled and succeeded in escaping-man named Catharine O'Brien-, residing in Columbia She was employed in tho family of Capt. West, No. 98 vnader- street, near Hamilton avenue, died on Friday night, bilt avenue. It appearaher cjothes cangbt fira while engaged inwith other entertainments. in tbe treasury.. $40 80. P&rish fund—receipts. Irom off Tln«rs,$1 734 02; Trinity Church, .$3O0; subscriptions,, &c . $274 48; Ward, hearing the difficulty, came to the scene of. Afr. Tasistro's Readings.—To-morrow • evening total. $2 308 §0; payments, $2,30« 50. Tbo fund fo^ the siok action, and succeeded in arresting Duffy, Whom he Mr. Fitzgerald Tasistrb will recite the tragedy of Ham- and p«-o- has left \a tbe t'eisury a balance of $27. ' The offer-ings of th* ?8 Sunday c of the parcM*! ye»r amount i* $4 385 58. /locked up for the night in the station-house. Yetter- let at the lecture-room of tbe . Mercantile Library, T<>tnl raised through tho year. $13.37K 06. This Ch«rch ownsunder circumstances of such a character as to lead to the belief that her death was caused by violence. It appears that she, in company wkh her husband, John O'Brien, and Patrick Costello, returned that afternoon from the funeral of one of her children, and, as alleged,all were more or less -under the influence of liquor. quarrel resulted, and blows were exchanged. The deceased, having been struck by one or the other of the p a r t i e s , w a s c o m p e l l e d t o t a k e t o h e r bfed i n c o n s e q u e n c e of the injuries, and soon after expired. A poet mortem examina'ion was made by Drs. Louis, Bauer, ands' me domestic duty, and bofore aid could b« reodorod dhe was enveloped in.flames, which also cvmmnnicated to some combust- ible materials in the room. She waa lit-rally roasted alive, and by the time the clothes were torn f<om her tody, sho was in a djicg state, .and noon af'er breathed her-labt. Tne family-did not npptar to know the girl's ibrname. A verdict of accidental death from .burns was rendered by tue Jury. i,tClin^cn Hall. Mr. Tasist-ro's recittitions elsswhere elicited high commendation from the peers and tbe pub-$46 0f0 on two mortgas;^, with a floating debt of abiut $1,300. day morning the prisoner was taken bef ire Justice With the pl'dges rereived. $4^(10 would pay off the debt. To Welsh, who, in default of $1,000 bail, committed him. get together this sum tho free will offerings inade from time totime in tbe Churcn, are reli-d on. thr> dollar subiinption^ re-dedicated to the purposes of the Sabbath-School. Tae Rev. John McC. Holmes, pastor of the church, officiated. Addresses were delivered by the Rev, Mr....CLOSE OF THE EXHIBITION.Tae50OO5e 00 20 CO. . . $ J t 4 719 K>,698'9SAwell-kncwn resident of this city, died at his residence on Frida.r last. H e w i s the chief exee.ntor of the etta'e of Cornelias Heer-ey, which be managed with h ncstj and tidtslity. He also h.-Id. for a number of >ears, the position of Supervisor. The deceased was in the 72d year of his age.INCENDIARY FIRE.—At 1 o'clock on,Saturday morn- ing a fi-e was discovered in a frame boidinir connected with Mr. David Thumby's rope-walk, at the foot of E wen street, E D. The buJldiug was nsea as a tar-house, and-contained, ac the timeThe Abbot Collection.—Tnia unequaled collec- tion i f Egyptian antiqut'es is open to tbe public at the rooms engaged for that purpose by the Historical So- ciety, at tbe Stuyvesant Institute. ..Hooley § Campbell'i> Minstrels.—A number of nov- elties are promised this; week by this company, who alwaysgivequiteasmuchastheiragreementcallsfor.RELIEF FOR SYRIAN SUFFERERS.—The Committee for the relief of tho destitute and suffering in Syria, acknowledge'Willetts,andtheresultprovedthat shediedofrapture of tie fire, alarge quantity of cottan twice. The Fire Departt 00 Conn...................IS COof the liver., caused by a blow inflicted by the above- named parties. Coroner Ilorton sammoned a jury, andfixed the .examination for this day at 2 o'clock. accmed were committed to await the result of the investigation.DEDICATION OF A NEW S.vw.ATH-ScnooL BUILD? INO —The new building which has recently been added to tbe Lee-avenue DutchReformed Churchwas opened yesterday, for the first, time, for the reception ofmeut was out in-strong force soon after the fire was discovered, and by-their exertions succtfeded in aiviDg th" roDe-waljt. whiph waa in imminent di»ugor_ of destruction. The building in which the fire originated w»s "dostroyod, together with the contents. The loss is e« imated at $1,000 Uninaured. The fire is bolievod to bo the work of an incendiary.HIGHW A Y ROBBERY.—Late on Friday nightReed of the Seventh Precinct, arrested two men named John Pornian and VVm Edwards, on the oomplaiot cf Mr' Francis Gun, who alleged that whilrt on oue ot the Greeup>int' Ferry boats, the accused had knocked him down ar.d robbed 'him of a po, ket book contlining $57 They were taken before Justice h'ccnan of New-York and the money was fotU/d iu their p^s- secsion. but Gun refusing to. appear agdust them, they were di*rOeorge'a Crc*-kf Cougrogt-tiop••.'.•«•••••••••• •*«• -The senie author has also in preparation a farce The .Thirty-second Amual Exhibition of tbe Ameri- called "I'll Bef a Hat," which is supposed to have larire numbers begaa to- assemble aoout tbe W.hiee Eells of Brooklyn, and the Rev. Ralph Wella of New- can Institute was brought to a close oa Saturday even-. some reference to the comiag election. The BoweryBouse at an early uour, and it was nut long before the crowdh«>dtoangmet*dtnatthemansion migbtw«r>U be *&id to have been li eraliy besieged by anxious atd curious spectators. Large numbers bad assembled at cofierent points along tbe avenue.Yoik. During the day and evening collections were taken up for tbe benefit of the new school building, to whieh liberal contributions were made, and it was an- nounced that on Tnursday evening next a grand con-icg after a succefsful operation of two weeke. A large crowd of men, women and children weie gathered at tbe Paliace Garden to take a last look at the fided and.managers have also secured this.At the Arch street Theater, PbiladeJphi*, Mr. TomTaylor's comedy o f ' The Election " was produced last Shortly before tbe Prince and suite took an aftectton- cert would be given in tbe church for the same objact. originaljbeanty and fragrance; and to gaze wisbfally written and acted by Mr* J. S Clarke, is another ofconceive tbe idea of offering public prayer by means of t i e sign-language. The mother of the present Mr. Ga'laudet was a deaf mute, as also is .his wife. Ho was ahiO an instructor in the deaf aud dumb institutionhis wings. CHARITY. 2VVic- >'•// k, Oct. *>, lftf50.m •THE CASE OF THK SLAVER STORM KINO.—Aale have of. the Prrsidem and Miss Line. In thisfiaal interview mutual *eg et w*e expressed that the pleas- ant boure that^hhof been passed at ttm W lute House durirK the Prince's sojourn in the city should be so shortly terminate d,-and wishes for toe future, health and prosperity of the President aod his niee*, and the Oueen and the Prince, as well «s for toe proopenty and harcony of thetwo re*pective countries, were mutuallyThe cajriage of the Prince,followed by-those of themembers of the Cabinet in which wer« thoje officers,-aIMPORTANT ABRKST OK BURGLARS.—On Saturdaymorning, Officers Robertson and Ward of the SixthPrecinct succeeded in arresting Healy and MMer, twonotorious burglars in Grand street, Brooklyn, E. D.,at the luscious fruit, with those provokiog " touch-not' the Philadelphia sensaibns. It 1Bcalled " The Priacewho, itis believed, were connected with tho robbery ofthe boot and shoe store of C. H. Miller, Whitestone, the peacocks ehrieked with shrill gladness for morsfor the last time this evening, there are passages audtableaux of such exceeding beautv and force that we in New-Yorkj and Bishop Dolancey of the WesternL. I., which was entered about thro© weeks siaco, aad room to spread their gaudy feithers; the lazy tunl6 s^.OO worth of boots at d shoes carried off. Informa- cjawh-d to the highest paint of, his li>g promenade, iuactors that it would hitherto havefbeen deemed grosa fatioh in informing the officers.of the San Jacinto thatNavy-Yard. ; - i nTbe vessel loosed hen moorings at precisely 11 up, armed himself wiih a double-barreled fowling piece, ; its-Euccees and growth. In'.th's age of the world -.he Saiurday. Tbe day waa lather cool aod gufty, buto cl< ok, and proceeded do»n the noble PotOaaac, amid and cautiooBly descended the stairs. The robbers, plow and tho pruning hook receive more honor than the plaudits of tbe vasr, concourse assembled, add with' three in number, fled on hearing him appToash, and the spear and the sword:- labor is more noble than hero-there was a clear'•• eunshine, and the. Park was vhited by two or'three thousand more people than afthe cbu- ce/it of the week previous, tbe numbers being, as re-the British ensign flcating at her foremost and the American at the *tern.ism, and tue laborer is the true h«;ro in ;this country. were pursued by Mr. Rowland, who fired twice, In refei?ing to the present Exhibition he said that hor-the President and his fao-ily wan marked by genuinefe*ling* of regret, and the public functionaries oa both* Deputy Superintendent of Police, Mr. Rowland stated and they decided to allow full scope to that art which_ .• • sj . [Advertisement.s i t e s a b o w e c JC r e e m o t i o n t a * i i i s u s u a l a t a u y m e r e t b a * a t a b o u t S o ' c l c c k o n t h e e v e n i n g p r e v i o u s t o t h e W a e h i o g t o n c a l l e d t h e m o s t h e a l t h f u l a n d u s e f u l o c c u -ceremonial tt leave-taking. To the lust " tho Mouat pation of mankind. They had collsctod. together no robbery, a man had come into his store to purchase a less than '500dill'-rent varieties of near?; more than'200E D W A R D K . D I X O N , M . D . , E d i t o r o f T b *Scalpel, and Operating and Consulting 8u«eon, No.OSth-siv.Vernon day" was the subject of pleasant convereatlon. cigar, where he had stopped a.considerable time, sur •varieiies of apple?; «>0 different' kinds of plums, audm<nts weie ognize the spirit and in iu "words of lofty cheer, Office consultation, on the more obscure dfseoses of the p«lvki quit you Hke pen be strong," we h«-ar the voic* of the Ma»ter, *!%nl »vR1ptJ!.w' *N8* Va^«wcele, and Ulstul*. rudir^cmSd " Be ye faithful unto death." that we tender our sincere thank*Sir Henry Holland will remain hen' until Mondty,the i^teit of the f-iesident. Dr. Aek'and,' of the Uni- keying every thing very closely. From the descriptionvers.iy orOxford, who ie of the Prince's soke, went Det»ctive[Raynor recognized its subject as the notedon Fiiday morning, in company with the H.>n. Wm. burglar named Jack Healy, and his two associates C Riyesof Virginia, to visit ihit geuUeman, at his,to these dear brethren, and a*k a continued remembrance iu thetr p;ayers aid ihe prayers of the faithful in the churches they rop- les-n^; thatwe rojoicegrestly f^r the consolation of the good conhdercet'ey havea^ to our absent p»«tor{ that w« cheerfully aor-ept the charge tbey give us to ttapd by and cordially sustain„ ,„ [Advertlv>mentlerat,CestleHJU%butwouldjointheroyalpartyat, Jop«pbHartandJ.W.Miller. Onexaminingthebodies, of Healy "and Miller they were found to con improved, and varieties multiplied ti'l it hasgathered round the muBic.Btand,.while others followed the winding paths cf the Ramble. Mr. Olmatead was present in bis phaeton. He ia progressing so favorablykeep the unity of the Mplrit in the bonds of peace.Dr. West seconded the preamble and resolution.Dr. White wished to knew, who were meant by" adversaries," as Dr. Cheevor had said in hh letter to Mr..Spurgeon that he was besot " by enemies without; and fdOBwithin the church.'.'Mr. Davie paid that tho word "adversaries" wasmeant to apply to oil who might have been expected teit, er.<l the performwDoe of Joseph a u d bit Bre hren at 8 and tf o clock p. m. 1he Museum will be more crowded than ever.,. _ _ rAdvertWinont I"LpYE ONE ANOTHER."—«* Family jars," aad worae U.an this, arise between husb«nd aud wifo froji a w»ut of JUiowledge in regard to the peculiar ch u*cU Hstics of e».eh other.*ThH£ter HarrietLanewillproceedjJJ-jgrtobecome one of the necesoarie«. of life.-Thedemand is enormous, and Europe furnishes a steadymarket for all. the hardy varieties. Many rare and cu-rious plantH were also collected, some of them worth that he will soon be able to resume his-^duties. The their weight in gold; plants for waich zealous horticul-tainanumberofshotmarks. Tbeywerebrongbtbe <mbiswayfro^mPJyiad>lphia, and will laud Jum at fore Justice Morehoueo, and committed for examina-tion.^tf^rty^eloold^for^Bxd withtog»«n- abledantimpaaoni of.dellgafto the grand ovstwn in A HfiAvy ROKUERY.—Between 9 and 10 o'clock onifew-York text week.The Prince fs dec.dcdly a "heart smasher theAmboy, N. J., for the parpose of meeting the Princeyoung ladies say; »nd indeed he has won some oi tnc old fallows of tue rougher sex-, too.'tered, and robbed of money and silverware to tbe•>caus<v would be for each to submit th»ai «elv©« to a oiuefui P* * nological examination by Ptof. Fovri.Hw. No. 80S Kro\4dwv,..*»o«» to -«ceiv« a full written sUWrneut desorlblng all ttw good • » * bad qualitios, for th„lr 0 w u luloranaUou and LajprvTvaMNtt.uJ^J/i -»>,A Saturday night the meat store of Mr. Joeeph Schuma- nn, No. 310 Grand street, E. D., was feloniously en-turists had expended mucb labor aod treasure, and even gone eo far as to'sacrifice life* Tbe tiny blossom from tho moun'iun top, and the mammoth Victoria, Rdgia,.wore alike to be seen; aad the productions of U6arly am por-sv?ans received from Ecgland are dbicg remarkably well, and, with the same care and attentionfhat tbey have received tiz.oo their arrival, are likely to V/8come acclimated.;' '" • ..: •'•• .•••:•'* .' J,,.vno w, the better way to settle a 1ditouWs, ari.las, from wb*tev«r 1-He was provided with lodgings for the night., I • m tain savor of fre&hnesa now, Will be given, and so theNOMINATIONS FOR SCHOOU COMMLSSIONXSU-^A public gains. Tiros one success makes many, and onenovelty, if a decided hit, immediately achieves a fecundthose who with to take out tbeir papers.\ i J.—^.RESIGNA TION OF ASSIST ANT ENGINEER CREOIE'R.—School Commissioner for the towns of Kings County isments are fitted up in a »tyle of regal magnificence,aadbave been very little need since the hotel was this evening, by the Mayor and a committee of citizen* ablaze on .Saturday night with Republican Wide- to go to the New York Opera, so the New> York Opera at tie last election of the Department entered i'uthe Simmons, of Somerset, was slowly working up the-opened. There wul consequent y beno material change made in litem, althoogn the proprietors of the hotel de- sign placing some fine pictures of the Royal family in the rooms set apart for tbe Prince.The Piince and tnite were conveyed to- the city fat barouches. " •When the party reached Richmond, it was nearly 7 o'clo\k. There was a tremendous crowd at the d-jp >t, wbicb cheered greatly, and chased thecarrisg^s throng*Awakes. One week before it was proposed to organ- Sound. With one man the Captain lowered his boat ise a Wide-Awake Club, and twenty names were put goes to tbe Prince of Wales. The company d-ipart to- content^for the chieftainship against Mr Decker. His from the stern, while tbe swimmers momently eeemeddt wn forthwith. On the right of tho great parade the ward sent twen'y-seven men over tol^ew-York, an! on Saturday nightlasttbirty-five muetered in ther^nks,v morrow for the town of Philadelphia. Before they favorable opinion relative to the introduction of s eam-go, however, theygive a farewtll warble here;, they eiigines in tbe Department was the cause of his defeat.do it to-night, at the Academy; the opera is Linda, At tbe next meeting of the Board of Engineers andin danger of deatb, as the water occasionally waibed" over their heads; but they were rescued, for the m mthe streets, and blocked up the street leading to tne under command' of Capt. George Staggers. Tbey and' Mifs Patti and M. Brignoli sing for the last time Foremen, a day will be appoiated for an electfon to in the boat, after a strong pull at their oars, succeeded' On Friday, tt e great tall takes place, the invitations hotel. The people crowded into the passages and stair- made a very fite display, and infused a spirit and ener- in dawiog then on board, nearly exhausted. Theyfor whicb have just been issued. The iollo wing Lithe ways, and it was with, much difBcabytbe party got gy into the, people of sleepy oH Bush wick that was this eeason in New-York. While quite willing to sym- fill the vacanoy. John,Wiley, Foreman of Empire. were now placed ontbe ferryboat, and on wiring if the <but continual cheers all through the streets. Tnere pared to mourn whi. the Traviata, for tbere is no good gine Company No. 38, are the only candidates yet inthas been DC such popular demonstration since the has recciveid very decided impetus in the Ward. .Prince reached the States. He stops at the Exchange Afier marching throngh some of the principal streets, reason to belitve that th&t fadiog young person will the'field,received for reply, " He is my brother." My object in narrating tbis event is to record the heroic affection of a " brctber," and to tbank Capt. Simmons for bis timely aid. Tbere were no vieibls means ou the ferry- boat for the saving of life. Should there be any ? T. D*ROBBED HIS SHIPMATE.—Scipio Anbaressey, a Frencbman, 25 years of age, and Viotor Guffroy, ev Spaniard recently arrived at this port by the earns ves- sel from Porto Rico. Previous to their arrival, Anba-arrangements.The ball has been given up, parlly on account of the.Rouds Hotel, Mr. Philip Wagner, a highly respectedGerman ci<3zon of tbe ward, Wfjis called to the oheif. retigned..••••.<**4...r...............................................,; Prince'sfatigue,andpartlyonaccountoffinancialMr.CharlesW.Goddard,PresidentoftheWardRe- LauraKecnc'sTheater.—Thenewdrama"AileenSept12,onaccountoftbeveryinclementweather,A circoUr, accompanying the iiviution Cirds, is ad- difficulties. . . publican Association, spoke for half an hour, setting Aroon," has grown better &s it has grown older, aod , will take place on Wednesday. Instead of locating itdressed to the members of the General Committee, as ; follows: |_. THE ltAZ.1,.79 nOJTOR OV THE PRINCE OF WALES. OfiricE OF THE SEORKTARY, NO. J> Pid^-st., I Ntw-YORK, Oct. 3,18g0. SThere is a great crowd still standing in front of the forth iu a cpneise and lucid manner tbe action Of the has now attained its climax of excellence. It can again at the little tavern, miles away from town,fiehotel, but tho party will probably not go out to- •fathers upon Slavery, and the|recreancy of their ds-night.The Prince goes to Baltimore on Monday, viaWashington. . .-generats sobs. jHe was, followed by Mr. Henry Wilson—not thenevir be eeen to better advantage than thii week.Wallack's Theater.— Mr.-Brougham's now comedy, stock on the Washington Parade Ground, that large, SlR: l.have the honor to ujcloee the invi'Sw^ns forthe b*ll. which, OAa member of the General Commit-tee, joaj ba*7e re'qn*s*ed. You will please explain touseladiesandgencl-menforwh^mtheyareintendedthat theee are simjly^c^rds of invitation, and do not.admit to th* ball, A few d*»ys before the ball, the tick- dressed to-night by the Hon,. Charles N. Emerson, for- gency, steps in and says "Thus far, but no further;' ing order.\ . BROOKL YJSF ITEMS. — •the Slavery) sgltation, from the foundation of the Gov- ernment,'showing how, step by step, the efforts for its extension had been fuceesaful, until now it threatened tooverspreadallourfairland TheRepublicanparty,which will doubtless be for many weeks." The vr?ry an illuttrattd book of over eigbty page?, so. it,will be ih'ght curtailmenis diatiwere deemed advisable have understood tbat to enumerate even its salient featuresmoney to him for eafe kc-piog. Guffroy was ooasessed of about $1,800, all of which he handed to Anbaressey. OnlandinginNew-Yoik,tbotrickyFroocbmancon trived to elu^o his friend, and disappeared with the mone>y. Guffroy notified tbe police of tbe matter, and-"The Reeky Mountain Republican Club wi'l be ad-•representing the freemen of the country in this emef-'beenmade,andthepiece!&BOWhatheverybestwork-Winter Garden—Miss Cushman appears to-night cow " Minna," by Duke of Gloster; Flattery, aodets of admiesion will be sent to you, and the poes'eesion merly of Massachusetts, and by their eloquent fellow- aad in Novembf r next they would roll the black tide . of one of ihe*e 'ickets will be laoperalively necaasiry townsman, Richard C. Underbill, e.»q. The meeting back to its own legal limits, within the boundaries ofas Meg M^rrilies in the romantic drama of " Guy Man- Bloom, are in.the list; tbat thereare a lot of fine Norih Officers Ilorbert and Latta of tbe Fifth Ward eventu- ne? ing '' Mr. C. W. Conldock will appear for the first Devon bulls, cows, calves, and that the horee depart- ally found AnbaresBOy at the Museum Hotel, iu West time at this theater. As this play is tlie one with ment coneiala of twenty brood mares of the Black Broadway. On eearcbing him, a receipt from tb-e-in order to obtain admission to the boose on the night of th« ball.the Slave States. His remarks gave general satisfac- will take place at the Wigwam, opposite the City Hall. tion. '•-;•.'•After the meeting, the Wide-Awakes, with cheers for WEEKLY MORTALITY.—The total number of deaths Lincoln and Hamlin, formed into line again, to escort in this city lost week was 116, of whio1! 47 were their Ni: th Ward guests home. While coming down I avail n>yseif of the opportuni .y to etate that under adolts and 69 children. The principal causes were: Bushwick avenue hiiJ, Hose Company No. 2 -wit1! -heir no cot siderutioo can laoie? be adcuitted with bonnets. maiasmus (infantile), l8;.conr-umption, 17; convulsions cart passed up, but soon after suddenly wheeled about, Gentltmen en«i*led to we-»r uniforms are requestei to and without the slightest reason or provocation, came •do so. All o hers ara expected to appear in evening (infantile), 5; ccngeoti >n of brain, 5; debility (infantile), tl'Uudftrding down'the hill upon tbem,;with spreadItis not, probably, neceseary for me to remind you that both the invitations and thetickets are strictly per- sona), and that they cannot be transferred.purser of the steamship Persia for $1,375 was found B)8ck Hawk Maid, by tbe origiaal Vermont Black upon bim, and a passage ticket to Earope by that vesdrees, vh:.: Back trow »*%»?, black dress co-it back 6j scarlet fever, 9; cholera infantum, 5, &c. Under ropes, endeavoring apparently to surround them, aad' mention that Madame PoDiri and Mrs. Conway, withcolts, ten two years and three yenra old, nearly all Of appearing tbat tbe offense committed was simply a wt ich were eired by the noted trotting stallions 'Black breach of trust, no criaainal prosecution could be had.waistcoat and white cravat, or white waistcoat and one year of age, 26. Natives of the United States, 82; run them down with their carriage. They learned,Meears, Fisher, Conway/ Fenno, and Canoll are in theblack cravat (the former preferabl-), and ligbt-colored kid gloves. Umbrella*, canes, bats, and overcoats will not be admitted in the ha11-room proper places being provided for their reception. (By authority.), M. B. F<ELD, Secretary. The preparations for the parade of toe Ne *-York Fire Department, on Saturday next, in honor of theIreland, 19; Germany, 7; England,- 6; unknown, 2.F ALL INSPECTIONS.—The several Regiments of the First Brigade will parade, fully uniformed, armed, and equipped, for annual inspection and review, as follows: The First Regiment on Wednesday, the 17th Octoberwhen too late however, that tbe Wide-A wakes were not to be treated in that way with impunity. Capt, Staggers and bis men gave them a stago^eriag recep- tion, which cleared thtir r. pesi The enemy, findiog iteelf rather too warmly received, hauled off to repair damages, and the Wide-Awakes did not go home till morning. [ A. • '. • m ' ' . •"FOUND TLL IN THE STREET.—An elderly gentleman,whose n»me wne not ascertained, waa found prostrate at the footof Twelfth street on Saturday evening, laboring, RS supposed,pnder a M-lious-attick. Be v»a» taken to the Eighth W^rd Sea few days.'-' "•• -A tion-Hon«e, by Officer UpdeBrove, and thenoe conveyed to theBospitel, where he received proper treatmeat. He rftoiiiinod in-st nsible the whole of jesterday. He was dressed in a darkcloth suit, and had a small turn of money in his pocket*.:•;' ;<,••'• ..Scripttiral his-Mu rat, "George W . Adama's English horse " Ameri- can," " Henry Clay," " Logsh," " G^y Messenger," " Ethan Allen," The Spirit of the Time?, Chevalier- the Black Hawk, Gray Prince, the sire of General Darcy, and Addison, who was sold for the sum ofHe was therefore discharged from custody.A DEMOCRATIC (?) DEPUTT SHERIFF ATTEMPTS-A MURDER.—Francis Duffy, lviog at No. 235 Broome; street, is one of tbe Deputy Sheriffs in and for the City andCountyofNow-Yoik. SoaieiimeBinceDoffrhad- a,quarrel with James L . Borlandpf Williamsburgb, in regard to some business transactions, which resultedPrince of Wales, are in progreep, aod the Committee, inst, at lOo'closk, at Hamilton Square. The TairdMr. Barnum has alsoj engaged the Siamese Twins, who with two of their children will remain here for aconsisting of the following gentlemen; have been forRegiment on Wednesday, the 17th inst., at2.o'clock,ANNIVERSARY OF ST. ANN'S CHURCH FOR DEAFMUTES —Yesterday morning the Rev. Thomas Gallau- iu frightful oaths of vengeance, to be wreaked at a det, Rector of St. Ann's Choxcb, preached th<» eighth fatUTe day by each. Abcut 7 o'clock ou Saturday finniversary sermon, iu which, the part history of tbe ever ing tbe two men met at the corner of Trinity plaeathe past week, and etui are,.basily engaged in the at Hamilton Square." The Seventy-first Regiment on matter: Chief Engineer Decker, Assistant Engineers Thursday, the I8ih inst., at 2 o'clock, at HadriltonBotoery Tlusater.—Tho manager of this establish- ment seems to be a man of peculiar tact and energy.Kiogtland, Bryce, Mifchel, Cornell, Donovan, Mr. Brown, foremai of No. 8 Engine; Mr. Steritt, fore- man ot No. 15 Engine; Mr. Gable, foreman of No. 16 Hook*aod Ladder;. Mr. Lacy, foieman of No. 40 En-gine, and Mr. Back, foreman of No 36 Hoee.Ft ar thousand toiohes have been ordered, and it is designed to place one in the hands of nearly every fire-Squaje. The Second Regiment on Friday, the 19th inet., at 2 o'clock, on Washington Square. The Seven- ty-third Regiment on Tuesday, the 16th inst., on th»ir Regimental Parade Ground, Tompkinsville, Staton Island, at 2 o'clock p. m. The Brigade Staff will as- semble at tbe quarters of the Brigadier-General, on Friday, the 19th inst., at 3 o'clock p. m.DESCENT ON A GAMBLING HOUSK.—Sergeant Ferry, «JJe is constantly producing new and strong pieces, the- Cbwch and its prospects for the future were given.,and Rector streets, when the old quarrel was renewed between tbem. Daffy soon became greatly ecclted, and, drawing a revolver from his pocket, dischargedDEATH OL AN OLD CITIZEN.—Mr. James Freel, a ,lie, and will doubtless win a similar success here.ceived bj their deaf-mute ng*nt, the subscriptions »nd donations coming contttntly in from those who have become interested in th*- cause the off. rin&s of other churches, apd uoou the plan of obtaliing 100 $100 subscript ions,, aud H1E« upon bequests. 'charged. • . 'AMERICAN\^.placards scattered thickly among it. The imprisonedducks quacked most gratefully'at the prospect of re-of Wales Arrived." . - . ' - . / • . Mr. E. L. Sothern has written a new play calledINSTITUTE.to Europe, stepped a while at .Sicard's iasu-iuriori in To th* Editor of Th* S. Y. Tribune.Paris, and the next year returned to this country,' Sia: At No. 75 Lewi« street, in this city, there lives,Officerlate Rev, Thomas H. Gallaudet, L.L.D., father of thespeak*r, became mucb iotarested in a sweet little girlliving in Harford, who had early lost the faculty ofbearirg and of speech frnn an attack of scarlet fever.He tried to ins'met her, and partially succeeded.From this bis attention was turned to the subject ofinet-rncting deaf mutes, until finally he made a voyageNichol-£WDodworth's band next took up the strain; the au-dience listened and looked, till ODSafter another theydeparted; the musto ceased; the lights were put out, •po.se.'v ;''; "... •'"'',CITY ITEMS.have for seveial weeks been considered quite newto this city, my attention vas attracted by the fall Of a. 'Senator, but a young Republican of tbe Ward—-whofor an hour interested his audience with a history of of course will be presented while it coatiaues to do so, Agricultural Fairs aTe held. The catalogue of sale is ressey induced bis fellow-paseeofter to intrust biaof the Thlid Precinct Police, .with a pos*o of police, entered n giin-blirg house In Colombia s^ie t near Atlmtlc street, on Sat- uidav nig*t, whnm they fonnd fi»e p^ri"ori« busily engaged In plttjing blutf Thrt whole "arty were arr«»ted. Tteir names are Bernotd Connors, tho pr^prieior, John MoGinness, Tb'omaij Gra- ham, Jarres M'iL-itrjrh'in, and Michwl Gorman. Th»y were enmntttd to the cella to await examination belore the Jqstioe this morning.' ;•last of which is a dramatization of Reynold's Old St. The 8<atis'ics of the past year are as follows:Number of families, about 75; individual*, 600.150 deaf mute»;" Playing with Fire,"ia drawing crowded house*, and inclosed tract within the city limits where the C>uutywhich Mies Cusl'man'sjname is especially identified, ithe bouse can scarcely fail to be filled.Hawk and Meeeenger breed, iaclading the celebratedNew-York audvicinity^ Invite ameettog of tbe me». jf the city. Special attention is now being devoted to the bers cf tbe profeesion, at .MeTsrs.; Jon** & Wb*te'«Association have chosen a.wiser plan of sellidg tbeirisbeyondthepossibilitiesof ourspace. We maymention, however, t^at .ihe $1000 bull Neptuae, tbeNiblo's Garden,—After three weeks of. " Hamlet," Hawk; " Rose Allen," by " E^hau Allen," and others eel. Scipio admitted that tbe money deposited witk to-nigbt Mr. Forrest appjeats in " Lear." Tbe mere au- sired by Black Hawk, Meeeenger, and Eaghsh stal- tbe purser belonged to Guffroy. Tbe prisoner waaiionncement is all that need be at present said, save to lions. Also, thirteen spring colte,, thirteen yearlingtaken before Justice Welsh for exaniinatioD, but it•cast. 'Bcrnmn'sAmerican'.;.'-'.Museum.—Thetoricul drama of " Joeeph and his Brethren," has suc- ceeded even beyond the jmost enthusiastic anticipations of tbe manager**, and will be represented twice a day for thepresent week. - . . . .$5,000.- / , ; .,'."•:Paul's, to be acted here under the title of the " Plague average attendance on Sond»y s«-rvio»«, 45ft to 500; services forand the Fire of London." deaf muU-e, in tho afternoon, P0 to 60; baptisms, aflultB, l<>.;5 the contenis of one barrel at Borland. The ball with.deaf motes; inrants, 38,11 children of deaf mu e pv-^ntj; tot»l, which the pi<-tol was loaded passed through two coate The, Bowery Theater.—A novel feature of this 48; confirmed, 80. 11 d«af mut^a: mirriages 14, 2 <i«»f mnte« :« Palaceday evenings, exhibitions of acting dissolving views."Bloiidin at Jones's Wood.—Toie afternoon, at 3 o'clock, M. Blondin will tate a little pramenade across bis rope, with bis feet encased in baskets, to say noth- itig of being fettered.A BATCH OK NEW PLAYS.—Mr. Henry Morford, whohas written anumbor of dramas, has jn&t completed a play founded on the Rip Van Winkle of Irving, and which he/calls Old Rip. It is now in rehearsal at tho Bowery Theater.bringiog with him Mr. Laurent Clerc, au accomplished with u widowed daughter (herself nearly seventy years of nge>, French deaf mute.: Io 1816, the Rev. T. H. Galhuc'et lease Daniel*, on old soldier of the Revolution and al*o of the War of 1812-15, aged 10(5 years, who is in want of the common opened tbe American Asylum for Deaf and Dumb at ne-.esBories of life. Qiving to his extreme old age he is •wry HartfOid. It was called " American," as it was sup- feeble; and Ms aged daughter is obliged to support herself aad pcBed that one institution of the kind would suffice for parent by the labor of her own huids. With all her »xortioos, tbe whole country. There are no w upward of t veuty, h-.wover, ah* obtains but a bare 8ub«l«tenc«. Is it rhjht that thi» vencrablo pair should become the insnates of a. poorhousa? wasted flowers, which still retained some traces of their week, and is making a'great hit. A, new farce, all uein'g-.the same system of.signs. He was the firstto Let the charitably disposed c-11 at thoir residence and see for themselves tho condition of onv who aided the eagle to spread)Garden.—OnMonday, Friday, and Satur- l<f>oo100 00 A A -VUlard, Wasaiag-turn to more commodious homes and congenial ponds;. "Suepenpe," which he is acting with great euccess. in this city for fifteen years. lodeed he says tbe sign- correspondent of TltA Times, writing on board tbethe gen-le pigeons cooed a pleasant welcome to the coming'fteedom from hateful cages and staring eyes;OEO of the Buffalo papers says of it:" I n tbe play of " Suspense," which is to be repeatedlarguage serms mo^e natural to bim than auy other. Tbe Rector was assisted in. tbe services by Dr. S. R. Johnson, Professor in the Episcopal General Seminarywith tome others, left (he mansion about 10 o c o*k,surrou .oed bv numerous vehicles and a larg-crowd of tion-was given to ihe police at the time; but no clue calm anticipation of agsin basking in beloved eonshiae; heresy to consider other than unapproachable; but irg tbe cause. Tbe church was well filled. It is a be bad bribed the Deputy- Marshal with $1,000 to letp*des.iians, eagerly gaziog at the Prince . Th, line oi could be discovered by which to identify the burglars. and ev>n tbe fierce cluck of i the jnotfcer ben was S n i i g e e drov- s'iwly d.wn Pennsylvania avenue .p About two weeks subsequent to this robbery, ou Sun softened at.the thongbt of liberty for the little chicks,Four-and-a Half str»et, aod thence to the Arsenal, day morning, 30th ult, the grocery store of Mr. Row then gathered c :sily under her wings. J where a Ur'g- crowd ot spectators was gathered ou theespecially in tbe fourth andi filth acts." very neat and handsome edifice, and admirably adapted A new oomedy of Tom Taylor's ia to'be brought out for ceaf-mute services, as there are no obstructionsat Laura Keene's, whenever it is deemed advisable to from pillars. . withdraw "AileenAroon."wharf, wbeTe b»y the steamer. . On the arrival of theparty, a salu>e of 21 guns--w>8 fired from the Arsenal,which was responded to by a like nunber irom thelacd, in Bmehville, was entered about Q o'clock byAbout 8 o'clock W M . II. ANTHQN, eBq., was intro- duced to the fissembled audience'to deliver the vale- burglars. Mr. Rowland was roused frOni sleep by the dictorv:addree3 of the Exhibition. He briefly autuled noise tbey made in forcing an entrance, when he got to ihe'incorporation of tbe Instiute 32 years ago, andhim depart from Sandy Hook."Tbecdfre Renders, the Marshal's nephew, was oneof tbe partita accused of receiving the bribe, the offer of -which is here confessed- Rynders has since beco ne insane. • .pH.LRcii OF THE PcitiTANS.—On Friday evening,at tbe conclusion of the' services connected with tberegular Weekly lecture, a-meeting of the Church wascalled for tbe purpose of receiving an address signed tunng Depot, No. 579 Broadway, oppo.ite Niblo.'s.by fifty'evangelical ministers of virious States. Tbe W A U X K H , P » C K & Co. address ter ders sympathy and encouragement in rsgard [Advertisement 1totheatiitudewhichtheChurchholdstowardSlavery. OAK ORCHARD ACID-SPRING WATER.—Th« curative prooerties of this Water are e»UbUshedbeToadq«w4i<Mu It was drawn np by the Rev. J. R. W. Sloano pastor poll and see testimonials from physicians and other respectabl*wounding two of them. The burglars ran about four ticulture snd agriculture had-taken .the phce of me- tnrnfdto Capt Ren«ickby the several gatekeepers,sumed i s usual "roccee" lo^k, and' the iasiuomtble bb-okB, jumped iuto a wagon which was in waiting, chanics and mannfactures- Tbe p'eople of New-York 11,500 pedettrians, 2,205 vehicles, and 590 equestrians,. of the Tbi/d Reformed Presbyterian Church iu tbis individuals. • *"^~~»w»The Prince having gone, Washington has again as- qcar er i»'saipect of solitude.and drove rapidly away. • .In giving an account of the affair at the office of thowere indebted chiefly to tho labor ttnd energy of Messrs. Carpenter and McEIratb for the beauties of this Exhi- bition.' The year has been mest abundant and fruitful,HlttASi W . BOSTWICK 0*t« of Coming), SoU> Agent, Metropolitan Hotel Buildings, No, 574 B r W w » y .The parting of the Prioco and bis companions from.wbicb is tbe Isrgeet number of equestrians ever on the Park in one iay. A ne w feature in the last two musi- cal entertainments has been the distribution of. printed p r o g r a m m e s o f t h e p e r f o r m a n c e . T h e p i e c e s a r e twelve in nurnbery and divided into three parts, the whole concluding wi h national airs. The spectaclef^15 kinds cf graves in luscious aad temptiog c'n8 .ers. was animating in the highest degree, from the array ofA large colleiction of native~wines from Calitbrnta,Miesonri, Ohio and New-York provoked the palate, gorgeouB private "eetabnthments," tho hundreds ofcily. The Rev. Mr. Davis moved a preamble embody- ing ihe abeve facts, and the following re?olution;fftiolved. That tfeir "testimony of confidence aod renpect" i « e s p e c i a l l y g r a t i f j i n u t o u s . n o w t h a t " t h e w o r k i » g r e a t . " o a r pattor absent. enJ thwe mny be adversaries; that in its swnti-though eealtd-corks denied the 'taste. By grafting andothermodernmeansfruit hasbeenvastly8IA.MESE TWINS.—Tho original Uving Siamese areatBAWfx'8Mi-rtKVM.wheretheywillw»Hin•fewdaysi, harmony, puiity, and ed'h'Rtlonof the Church, and ende&voj to a id he.Seen with the g:eat Sea Liou. Albino FaxaUy, What I-Untitled Document- ' . . ' V J •Mr. Gallaudet stated tbat it was a little more han a the receipt of,the following sums:century tince educaional eptablishments for deaf mutes Plattshnrsh, N. Y $20 00 '. V ; Jx »'••••• i *.»«.rj» 1 0 OO'E L D., Clavenick, IV. Y. 5.CO Fres. Ch , Ouilderland.... 1 IS weie begun in Europe. The most important of these Congregational Church "c 8. W. Kuowles 1» 03Society, CandU N. EL. 11 00 Wred Victor &Achilis.... 2< «0-was that of tbe Abbe De L'Epee, in Parii?. Tbis cele-brated teachergathereduptbenaturalsignsof hispu-pils and formed them into that beautifnl system whichis now adopted, with such happv results, in all institu-tions in America for this class of parsons. In 1814, tbe G W. Afrigate Niagara, at St. Paul de Loaud*. Aug. 12, gives eoiiie information concerning the slaver S-orm King,, late of this prrt, wbich recently arrived at Norfolk as a prize. Th* Tiwts correspondent savs:l.1 Tbis vessel sailed from New-York list April, aud may look in vain for their equal araorg dramas and Dioce-e of New-York made a few remarks recomm'eod- tbo captain of ber—Lock hart by uaue—made no oesi-CONCERT-AT THE CENTRAT; PARK.—The seventh of the weelly concerts at Geotral Park took place onGAS, GAS, GAS FIXTURES.—Just sutof our Fac- tory, an immense s'ock of new patterns Call at our Manu/«o-gentlemen and ladies on horsebunk, and the gay ap- parelofJhefairsex.'Thelargemassofpedootriaus:bin.,endweherepledgeonrselvestoseekiuWnsupporttheto answer a charge of felonious assaultsLltile ifiddie, New Balt'e. 1 00 Bookkee>p«r ,D. If Hubbard, Clinton,lVlir^iMarj BronsonJO. JL ^ a.................'errys , WaTotiil.... WM. A............. $17,037 81V TEL,Treasurer, No. 90Fiont street.1 '•' ton,N. C.'i1 00 Mrs. J. 8. Gullck, Au-_ ! — rAdveitUeinent. jm.-..,..A CASK FOR THE CHARITABLE. . Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069%j&0^www.fultonhistory.com 