 "that the Commls lonerofDrama, do.FOKEIGN NKW8 EXPECTED.Race. Dec. ^7.TOL. X.—»0. ^04FrogrefisSouth Carolina.FmI Heritrto n4 Castle Piaekoey Ocei^ed kj the Stale Treeps.NEW-YORK, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1-ifiO.trie SBC tlie occupation of Fort Sumter, was received be Inforced and the union of the States maintained, necessary to preserve the honor and Interest of Mir -with va-lii IS expressions of optnioo, but the predotm- and that it is the duty of the Executive to oroteet the land In thetiani one was a feeling uf admiration for the detar- present tlireaten^ng aspectPRICE TWO CENTS.THE NATIONALAaniasoa'a movement was In eonse- quenee of any order Issued by him or from the WarPACIFIC.£xprMa-P«lliieBl Baaan-Waakae Mlaea-D «!a»ep, af • Caal 9tiae-New* fra. Uw Saadwiek !••FoB» KBAairxT, Friday, Dec. 28.from the Costem-hoBse and Post-office.TROOPS C0NCENTRATIN6 AT CHARLESTONstepa wise andThe PalmettoFlag Flyingadjourned until to morrowone. He could not with theforce under hip commaad, liave defended both Fort agreed. Adjourned.niShly Important Federal CaFital.12 19 Mt7 S.OM »v »,0M lOitAdvices from Jacksonville, Fla-, dated the Mth United States Senate on the expiration of Mr. La-show that lour-fifths ofthe State Convention wlU go (or immediate secession.ntOH NORTH CAROLINA. Rauisb, N. C, Friday, Dee. 28.CoBmiiiiticri Semaad the iTanatita tf Fort Samter.AnsHs, of Massacknsetts,iHWright,4}0|OTki Statk CartUiathe propoeed WUnlaaThe organization of a Joint Stock Company toAll is quiet here, and businesB doll. Hoat of the the Washoe silver mines Is among the most notableIVkat Ht Tkonglit of Major Am- the opinion of many, has been committed, and thedcTSO«'s Moveaient.Actiea ef the Hewe Special Cemmtttee.A Canciis of ](IcHil»ei« from the from Gen. Wool, stating that the Watervliet ArsenalThis was carried, ail the members ef the Ceeuiiit-Border States.A COMPROMI8B PROBABLB.THE OCCUPATION OF FORT MOULTRIE AND CASTLE PINCKNET.Ciiui.uT«!i, Fridaj, Dec. 2& The Palmetto Bag wai raised early yeaterdaTis exclusively under the jurisdiction of the Senetiry ef War, and that on the <Hh of the present month ten thousand muskets were sold by the order of Secretary Plots to G. B. Limax, of Savannah, Geo., and were shipped from the arsenal on the 14th Inst The price was $2 SO for each musketThe gnn-carrlages at the arrenal, designed for the Pittsburgh guns, have not yet been removed.THE CHARLESTON FORTIFICATIONS. DgFCAJFTlOM or VOBT8 8C1ITIB AND JOHNSOIT.Farmers' Baak, Lancaster, Penn FaTBers' Baak, Lancaster, PennValley, where a company have claime i 3,000 acres ofland, covering the mine, and are to com- preparingmence developing. The coal is very much neei-poMcnton of fort Ifoaltile.MitOB of by tlie Sovtk Carolina military laat eTenlig. Caaiuneii, Friday, Dec. 38.mento boat to-night. The patronage of thisis increasing under the influence of regular trips. Thetook179fromOn the 13th, a solemn and imposing Mass was per- fom.ed at the S&n Francisco Catheiral, for the repose of the souls of those who fell In defence of the Pope in tlie recent Italian war. The Archbishop was a»- sletedbyquiteaforceofattendantpriests. Atthe conclusion attention was called to the address of con-. Capt.HcMPBSKTSatUlholdspotsesaioflofthe AnaaaLUf the Uuncated angles the eastern, western and it i« explained probably by the fact that, comlag from northern are blmply formed into Pan-Connies, whilst such a source, they will be Bwe Ukclr to have a good the other two are formed of two small faces, making efect. Wkile all, the claim an angle of alwut fifteen degrees with the aides of the especially Republldhas,THE SOUTH CAROLINA CONVENTION. CaAaLBSTOH, Friday, Dec. 28.Ad Ordinance entitled " An Ordinance to amctid the Constitution of South Carolina in respect to the Executive Department" was passed in the secret ses- sion of the ConventioBaction.last out-going Express Francisco, and 34 letters«rgcd defence ;the others a further evacucitioa ifnumber of Representatives to the C^ncral' ConventionlEg. The wbiile work has been conductea in a manner matter of the forts to-day, that he has had no time to as were in the present Congress, and was In favor of sown or planted. Let us, then, gather instriicti->n ment of trade. The weuther is bad. and the shipineuiacessary.The South Carolina Commissioners communicatedthatrejtectstothe highest credit upon tke engineers, and is attend to the fraud matter. He assures me that bisthe adxptionional Governmentu-ortkyto President Boohikah the first Information he had of conclusion, we take occasion to allude to one point ofOm evacuation of Fort .Moultrie, and expressed theirwnich there are nearly every varieiy—the " "'•FullIn the secret session yesterday, Mr MxaHKiaBB, towhom had been referred the resolutions of the Con-vention on citixenslilp, reported an ordinance, tiiat "Thus both questions disposedindignation at the violation of the understanding on Centre," the Segment," the Groined." the '•very sparloglytMent prevails here, aad many rumors are current. • H feet thick.its secession from the United States, whether a bom strong, hroad Platiorm,' one on which all might sumption. Piicesof Wheat and Flour droop for thetill more ildiculoos, that he is toMonltiie. I have the best authority for saying thatthe Cabinet came t^no conclusion on the subject, tary authority as the key to ait the defensive workstat adjou/ned to allow the President to attend a din- acr party.A dlFpatch received ts-nlgbt bv a member of the Cabinet says that troops are pouring into Charleston from all directiona.The opinion was expressed by aef the Cabinet to-night to me, that war is began. Georgia troops, at last accounts, were eoming in to ; Join the South Carolina forces.territory,yet half |a million dollars ball is demanded. Roisiix, father was then a citizen, shall be deemedandnagc, rapine,duty markedbecause we do not find the line of 'TheCabinetieinseBiionagaintonightFlots assures me that AaDaados had no •nters sustaining Ills acL I still believe that he acts atrtetly within the scope of the President's secret in- structions to blm. I have good ground for this, which agrees strictly with the assurances given by the Presi- dent to Mrs. Ansxasoii, that no harm should come to ker hu&band.The conveyances of news being entirely in the %and8 of South Carolina, A]«nBRfl<f»'8 statement may .«hiicge the entire aspect of atUrs.No conclusion with regard te Axniasoa has t>een antvsd at yet in the Cabloet.;MOVEMENT.A SALCIE IN WILMINGTON, DIL.Oto. 1lowland, MlSecretaryWisHixeTON, Friday, Dec. 28.The Benate's Select Committee of Thirteen had taking Ihe oath of allegiance.GKAKTA special meeting of the Board of Aldermen waa: John /'.,O.-rj-ii. 15 whI Umn\ from Charleston that theaad that earh one !. ciprcted to furnish his share: Congress Slaveryinterdicted north, and of Mr. Rios—the establish-I>aaaat$400,mois weallUcct ict-n of thethe ' i J jstan-ls outtoleratedsouth of propositionher securingsteps Comptrollerthealready parceled Sta'*. mainlyjustleasin;; tlietliDroughly loaadnrlag the French Ilevulution orwar,deprecatingTie resoiutio.ito be retained by iticuty, if it cin be donetlie off l»1h Inst., passedtheThe news of theCanle Pinckney reacK^ the AdministrationCabinetniitiiaij cap ;rily, that doubt must be dispelled by the withIn favor of^r "!-of he Islinl R-ilroiui Co.m- rid funnels,pnpare for the worst-Another statement, which seems to becuunt/y.reoccupyFart» cent. Afoming-Sailtd—ViVb, !ioiith,m'^<ots, Hong-Kong, carrying $170,0(10 In treasure, anil $67,000 worth of mercliaudise.WBALSRS.Arrived at Honolulu, Oct. 29. Florence, Ochotsh, lOOprominentpropoeedout inState I Ievent of dissolution tou'nt tnemember ! .allegian-e,;responding;among Charle«U)n,pointclear,suming and fortheprop- subje-L,-ensurii.irr Aldcrniau Sraosu and ere voted do«n by a luge majority,wurrant the inclusion arrived atmilitary, being conMdered tUafftctti. It defensibledischurgftheir;re-declaring that the toinptrollerv«Kri J:iv. Dec. 28 from Liverpool, oixBder the penalty of wlUbea/kr»i< loan a«during the ahiealc reroluUons of Mexi.-.>.. Th* iruih is, the je-IState,to be calledWashlngtin,aessloBBOveaentU lu the h.inde of luefteatcrs, mereh^nis, and other m«-n of Fnhsi»a, pmsriesa aaatoailhcm. o. p. \.SIEFAIOB ilp TBK ASBOCIiTF.D FRESS. WiSHiHOToa, FrUlay, Dec. ;»!.cannot agree on any recommendation, will the Senate at an early day.reporttoas wasever anyandby any seceding States before theCapemo6,_an.l the e, arenecessaryrarryinto effect thepur-uiiiib e to put .^sse.'iatiuu.out to obUin the news dispatch for the ^capture of Fort Moultrie and nt-ws tiiat^^ein another column. Of hi8f»A-n law, interferingSlaveryTI.e Railroad Cotnmlt.leeConoy tnetrjthfnl, l^, Cemmiaaioners, In view of the alleged stipulation on the part of the President,country,sol. tier.if pe'etfuii.K :ir.a f..r soeif.. irenoisEx-Ju.lge"-' -«-i.-^-c, on Thurs K'atelhat hi-joem, Luv.ina," was originally pub-ttat the South Carolinawlien the right is fiUluiiKi-re.l l.v ir:iii-i ,r .r,-e at tne lpropertin'e-.lie ,V'e'le-lucinS.lUi.iysspirit of ihe ape p'ovidCo liini, aii.l lie- ;,l*i,, ,'V.,.irj, the emergency. \\'i.iHiN8:o:i, U»n:u.M.ni, Ani.i».4o».States of theforce, would be equally unconstltutionai, impoliticand that after itsappear-<hat the•SBcnted, aer theWiHswiw, wl o wi- »i:ti hi"i -1- t'le tirot. caused the ucd tiiat the moral character of the poem pT.garrisons of Charlatan kartot should not bt^—The Crittenden resolutions.and neyhim to he lu lii-,re bi.ieiice, nh' re he was at-Oitnyatatos 9f thepo^tiThewliUe iaacting iU(i.-r<ri,,n wljirh an oflScer in au inlepenieut mous!Iof this Slate,shall reside within Itsterritory,whales140 whale«:ijI'[1\i{Iagainst any probableIthe as ihe factsIekaaged, requested the President to inform themLATER PROM THECRISIS.of the Rebellion in added that Major Asniason had acted on his own re-whetherMajorof afftlra. Itmiixd cr nduct and mlli'aiy skill of Col. Asmason In property >f tke United States with all the power was composed of conservative, Union-loring citizens, ArrlT*] af tte OveriaadDepartment The Pretldeiit responded negatively,andplacedbut thedueled gave an Impression to some that it was of anThe Commissioners then requested the Fresidtntto remaaii Major Aanaason to Fort Moul-plan for the adjustment of existing difficulties we will key of its defeares. CoL Amiaaoii Is believed to keep thepreservatloaoppositecharacter.THE ALABAMA CONVENTION. MosTouiiBBT, Friday, Dee. 28.spoiulbllity.trie ;the Cabinet adjourned.whihh be may be lappoaed to have tM Fnm tlu Mmltimtn Kaelumtt.CoBcetolng <ke vtiieet of the movement of Major AasiMoa. »e lan, asat pre.>ent Informed, say little. But whether he acted la porsnaace of orders from head- quarters, or eoasnlteoaieiely his own jadgment the be hasHer advices are dated at Banon the Franelseo, Oae.The above statement was obtained from a source believed to be reliahta. but there ia no means of veri- fying its absolute credlbUHy,The Cabinet continued in session nearly six hours,Tke aetof Maior AsnaasoH is generally commended, for, amonfother reasons, that while Fort Hoaltrie was comparatively weak, and might provolwthe as-Babus of and Habbib of Virginia,it is certain that itwithout comlag to a conclusion on the aflaira of Couth Carolina before them.andp.utlentfirom the aault of a meb, the impregnable defence of Fort 8aa> Icr placed U beyond such eontlageocy, as It could be:Inmrmmwnaiiv, Of New-Tork. .ncUaadllelAaa, of Mew-York. '^ ~',^*am Cttyel«M,eoo 29reduced by a regular and protracted onlyavoiding an immediate collision..2i.oeo 2S,-«eoThe will programmeREPORTS FROM ALABAMA. MosTSoiuaT, Thursday, Dec. 27.The news received from Charleston this eveiiing produced an intense excitement The overt act, inJohaJ.MaesF.,LaBgdoa, Of verBoatmilitary here are ready and willing to go to the asaist- ance of South Carolina.Bavea BankSamael Dcbke,of New-York Wm.E.Brown,ofNew-York Wm. E. of New-Y<»kwhich Union sentiments are prevalent but hope is well nigh gone.PROCLAMATION BY GOV. MORGAN. Albamv, Friday, Dee. 28.Gov. itoROAN to-day issued a proclamation formillions, file articles of Incorporation with tke Secre- tary of State, electa officers, and appear to be earn- estlypreparingtocommencesilverminipg. Someof these comprise men of wealth andTHE GUNS AT WATERVLIET ARSENAL. AuAST, Friday,. Dec. 38.;Brown,J. r. BantlngtoD, of New-YorkThe Troy Arena this morning publishes a letterself and odiersD. M. Swaan. New-York ParBers' Baak, Lancaster,1,900 000 10,000 7,000 0,000 10,000 10.000 110.000 80,000Caatle Plaekiicy and Fort Moultrie are occapted pentagon. At each Intersection of the small faces is a that this resolution means notlilng more thaa theCAROLINA.Frmn tke AUattg Evening Jouma!.ky tka State troopa, oader fke initmctioos of the Gov- •raer of tlie State, to hold peaceable poaaecaioB of Ikese foita, and far the parpoee of protecting the««vcmncBt propertyCaatle Pinckney and Fort Moultrie were held byah eat twelve men, who peaceably lurrenderad. Tkere brasure In the scarp walls, and are protected trom the enemy's shells by an arched bomb-proof coveringto- day without acoooipllahlag anything, after eoming toIt haa been noticed and wondered at that the South Carolina Lesislatuie and Convention have as yetde- vised no means to raise Ihe money iodispensable toon a natloual wiUi the ex- separate existence,.the two being casemates and the upper barbette guns. Thecarry ceptionof the Loan of $100,000. and that nothing isin regard to the takers of that But therewaanoeolliaion. None was anticipated wben the overhead ; the barbette, those wh*ch fire over ttteVirginiaand consentoftkeSenate are cotipeUei tkreau personal violence i tonominateallofficersbyand by oftoeopaleftthe dtytegarrisontheseforta. The exciteBent Is subsiding.THE SOUTH CAROUNV NEWS IN WASHING- TON.par- apet, which exposes the cannonlera to ttie fire of theenemy,al'hough,inthisinstance,theheightofthe ramparts is so great that there is comparativelv noto becoifie siitfscnbtrs to tki Stats Loan, Some OatedNov.l,hasreachedSanFranciscoviiVictoria. Arkansaswentintothecauenawiththeevideatpur- withtheadviceandconsentoftheSenate appoint whoweretold that unlesstheypaid$1,000each, Ti^newsisfourdayslaterthanpreviousadvlees.WASaneron, Friday, Dee. 28.It is generally understood that the telegraph the lighter toward the land side is'"" I—» a rtwTI itataoirgBaFnext —a tax so anerans in some It* Slaves eBUw thd, eaaea.the iatier•Oee at Charleston was In the hands of the citizens •f that place laat night, and that nothing excepting what they chote was allowed to be sent until this BOmiag aboat 10 o'clock.^ Mr. HoiT, the Postmaster-Genera), has sent ordersdailcgof shell at eachOd tlie terra-uarade plain are situated two furnscesto the Sub- Treasurer at Charleston to remit aU the for lieatii g i^hot. The niag&zines are situated ou the inntr ^ices of the sally potts, and cimtain, at present, kalance—(33,000,onthePost-officeaccount—inhis 40OCOpouruiMr/powder,andaproportionitequantttj/ to the credit of that De- e/ihvt tndshett. The lauding to the fort is uu the soutbem, or land side, and is formed by a wharf pro-with the advise and consent of the Ctin- thing. The whole alTair is lost sight of, however, in vention, who, with the Li"eutenant-Governor, shallpeascesion, immediately,;The £8 brig Jlero,in Adri-theIf tills order is not complied with at once,ke will demand of the Federal Government to en-lisTce his orders. He is also detemiined, as before pleted that, with a little temper u-y work, it could bepartment.J4rciingextendingto thewiih an iiuelligent appreciation of all that the lessonto suppress mall matter to aad from South Carolina if the malls are mterfered with in that State.strongits weakest poi]/t is ou the south side, ofcsme from a prominent Boston banker. He feels con-mainly based, andSlaveryisover. Theobsolete, because, untilaaggested,The Cabinet broke up to night, after a five hours' which would sweep the wharf. Oncelau'ieJ. an en- trance may, at the present slate of the construction,on the 6th of November, tne free-Jo n of dayaeaslon, without coming to any conclusion relative to ftc disposition of the troops at Charleston. The Itn- prcaalon prevailed that a eoaiUct was Inevitable. Sec- retary TorcBv and Mr. Holt, Postmaster-General,for the bllnas of the lower emb:a-&C-, was assured.Texas tvervih^rtientlyour/riindssally-port. Theheightofthepara(>etab.ivetoewa- ter-line Ih iixtv feet. On the eastern and western sides are the i>arracks tor the privates. mess-haU, hitetien, Ac. On the southern side are the officer.' quarters, which are finished in very haDd«ome style.It is mcubted with the heaviest guns of the Unitedpre- sent guarantees of Ihe C^jjastitutioii, several Southernmen aie willing to accept it.The Senate CoBmittea of Thirteen brokeStates service, in three arrangedtiers,lowerthe conclusion thatcould not agree.First—That the Governor haveto receivegbu ts about thirty 64-pouDderfc;Whalers' bills, 9 V cent, c'l'countof Columbiadalrea-".y sowing the;reduced themselves,theyareperEleven whalers had entered Honolulu, declaring anof about four thousand capable throwing(4.000) pounds of (-hot aiid iuurtriousand three hundred (4,3uo)average catch of 490 barrels.pourd.discharge.and then to TnoMPsoA, who exposed the entirefourpersonsThe A dreritser publishestowards the snore, and also length of that face.ordinance were withdrawn.Cbabubtox, Friday, Dec. 28.The Convention met at r.oon.Mr. Bbitt spoke of the report of the Committee who had had under consideration the address to theatic arrived at Honolulu on the 31st of Octo- Russia,1 his tort would be nearly impregnable if fini.shed and properly manned, it is at present so far com-spokeihe whale- in lat. 40* ship Euphratesmace fovessels,which the masonry is nut only weaker than that of the other sides, but it is not protected by any flank fire,—ly blown wa> and even tf this was impusNlble, sc-^I-tionforapcsitioB.permanent protectionmost pet feet specimen of civ-ii and military engineer-tkeprominent positionthat itholds. Inhave been several arrivals, but fresh imports do notorders exist to realizeinvite buyers. If any up'jnfor 'Eastern account, a with them goods coaipliancein the condition of trade is out uf the presentevery person residing the 'Chicago Platform.' It was and Is a good, port. Buyers offer for a limited demand for con-occupyespecial bsauty—the construction ol the arches—ofDepartment shall be thoroughly iavestigated and ex- onerated. Whether he will demand this himself, or leave it to a Special House Coounittee, Is not known"Askew," and the nam,)ant"—and to add that the as yet Unfortunately for him, circumstances pointIke part of the Federal Government. Intense excite- walls at their base ate 12 feet tliick, and at the topSlave law aa the Constitution demands, freeman would be protected and tne neces-sityrORT JOHItSON.in the harbor. Against the attack of forces by land, or a twat attack by the Stoao River, it must l>e con- sidered an essential element of defence. So soon, then, as the State of South Carolina assumes the con- trol of the hartwr fortifications, nn time should be lost Ijefore a permanent fortification is commenced here, if lime does no adtnlt of a substantial work being built, a field-work of earth and timber, to mount sixty guns, could be erected in a very shortwhich would offer n defence time, respectable;land attack, and furnish at sametimeaheavybatteryagainstsidpping.theWHAT IS THOUGHT OF MAJ. ANDERSON'S«J.. ,. ,WiLMUiGToa, Friday, Dec. 28. The citizens of Wiliiiingtoii are tiring a salute of twenty-one guns in honor of Maj. AnDsasoN and hisRAILROAD.7S0Tne Kurojia reports, gent. 28. in the Ochotsk Sei,Flori<ia, MO boxes head.'Che shins from the Ocbotti; eencrally report un- faveraMc w eathcr. and most of 'Jie sperm wiiales hadthey were also scarce.gallant band.We give below extracts from various papers com-the establishment by theCOMUENTB OF THK FRIBS.irepoiis.ferred, for Investlijatlon, the charges against AI ier-.menting upon the movement of Maj. Anncason:somefavoring promptconnived at theSecond and Fourth streets, belonginga long term of years at a nominal rent, reported thatFrom the Boston Courier,We must own that the news of the transaction InCharleston harbor was learned by us ye^terdjy with a prouder ticaiing ot the heart. We couid not tmt ftel once more that u;e had a country—a fact'wtdch b&s been to a ceitaiu degree la suspense for some weeksWhat Isto the city, for censure of the Bo ird firZealandKrie, to cruise //(•rcuffi. New -Zealand; 2<ith,given up theone:coarse all Ihl* isnews, and officialsions" which the Convention Is dally holoing itoubtas to defy any attack a fleet of laree byItecame obsoUte—we acquire ihore territory, tke conjlict between Freedommoment baihtt-lKixes theThf work was Jinished, and hoto-be easily made—sures, though six Inches In thickness, may yet l)e easi-ing ladders can reach those of the second tier, widchare not in this maoiier. protectedThis concludes the brief sketch of a fort which is aLeavenworth, Kansas Territory, of aid.olfering anyFrancisco, and sailedHong Kontgo. loadfor the moment is ol nocon-provide debts andof tbcpos.-es-lon net-l.t teil 1 is dutyproperty;intend tutratioii of the disposable force in Char!e^ton harbor in ais thus a bond of union. It is a de-:i- sive act, calrulaleil In raliv tne national heart * "We are not disposed to allow tbc Union to bebro'*en up for grievances of :?outh Caiollna. wnich ratght bejinil If there U to be any figfatbig, we pr( ler it within, rather than withiut. The abandonment of Fort Moultrie wds obviously aact, in order topose contemplated with such an inferior force as ttiat tinder tiic command of Maj. Aimxasox.From the Boston Atlas and Bee,Theposttin! n< Committee.settled within the Vjiionformation of a new Confederacy, unless such seizure. In the opinion of the seceding State, be essential to her safety.THE MARYLAND LEGiSLATUllE. BsLTiMORR, Friday, Dec. 2^.Twelve out of twenty-two of the Maryland State Senators are now in secret session at Baxxum's, Inhigh «eatnr.' the news-vacht of the Associated Press was;prevailedaiege,List,thedelegateselected tomeet withstrongaflemoon orer tk« Cnttomhoow aad Post-otBca.At i o'clock la<t eTcaliig th* Palmetto lag «u The following description of these fortificatioiis, when they come to understand it. Coawm ipefee at F. P. James A Co., New-Yorkwhich we find In the CharlestOB Mercury, was pub- lished previatu to the recent couf ie main of Major AnxxsoN:"Fort Sumter Is built upon an artificial Island, at the entrance of our harbor. The fouodation being of Fort Uonltrle aad Caatle Plncksey were taken pos- (tone, it must be of tne strongest nature. That por- tion of the ioit above the water-line is of brick and coccieteof the meet solid cllaracier. lb plan Is a truncated pentagon, with one side parallel tu the ad- joiningEluire,thuspresentingaaangletothecoanaeLF. P. James * Co., New-York some length, supporting the resolution. The South- F. P. James & Co.. New-YorkMlaad at Caatle Pluckney.A large military force west over last night to takeem and Northern members talked freely togKiker^ Cobb, of Alabama, thinks that everything eaa naw be settled.It seems still to be a matter of general surprise that these compromlae measures should come from Mr. ABiHs, who has always been notoriously radical, butH. Norman Sayre * Brother Levi HasbrouckthusTBAH'eteim.oppo.silion within the Douglas ranks. The two strong-If ever doiibted ArtocRsotf's eminent Constituiion, prohibi'Jrg Congress from passing a anybody Maj.with two black »iid with white bands, and showing Nos.publishreportei!for permlsslttii to run horse cars fromaccord, without orders from but on the Washington,cny Fifteenth street ti Tenui avcnac.Nluth-"reet to .^'ul•.tl-7.£.12, passeil Cape Race at11 o'clock this <Frid\r>meettas to-day..The CommisaioDna from South Carolina were Lj man.-cr Ol ttii rt,.(, ;,-es of Charleston harbor, trans- the Constitution already gives that security.•aaference with th^i.The Conunlssiooen daoaaad thatwtthdrann shall immediately, orfb^self conimai.d.d iy ..In caucus to-night. Senator CajTriffnatf presided, and Messrs. ConrAX and BAaairr were the Secretaries.:of the House will eventual- ly unite and convene the Legislature, inilependcnt oftheGovernor. Theexcitementcontinues. THE MEETING IN BALTIMORE.BALnMOKB, Friday, Dec. 28,so far from bein-> a seression meeting, w-as an informalof theabating.n he above steamerthe troops t« be their la«t In-io.i;n-h col.tiubiad in the em-of the Senate andSpeakertarriew, and they will return to South Cirullna anJ reived the highe.-t iiu,i:;,ry—ElevenBy Mr. Pavoa That any attempt to preserve tiiecommaiidports tjis lri.,,ps ui ih. i.iy of Ills position, Fort Sim- ter.asamst wl,;,-l, noK.iiicanbelaid whichls not it-morning.unable to get out. There are no signs of the galealways possesses. Maj. ASDEBSOM. com-waswas uuioubte lly the .4i«trofa-on the i'2d Uitt-RseoaT-.brazure.' of ih At oc-i^oi. ,iiu Ir!. This unex- rapid,l«-cteiJ n)ari<.>iv,e 1. ,., ,'iM .„„.o,i.-,i ireason. anl re-The following propositions were offereiIhrougti wasaoopteil.TheBoarda.lj-.i!riieutooneweek, \i ,„ from ne it .vit.m-siQii, which rse]leftLiverpool ^in :heBrave Maj.ir of ViUlic.-y. !,;,„ .prviint o' your stitution on the Slavery question.tk,.Fromthe Baltimore.\meririin. announcement o^Jhe evaeumion of F.in M, ^'.dayromo.:-nJat;oiiBy Mr. Bassxttamendments to the Con-flsy nighu^__-_—^[,.--,, .j -, 'i,olntion:Laagoon,;letter showing whaling.^^^Htfaabaadonlng an indefenslble potllion. and, by a strate-getlc rou^ de main Khlch has reversed the whole po-tbdHtrnnitestot the Charleston fortlflcatlbna. and the steadily in view of the Unionsition ol Hflairs, transferring his force to Fort Som'e',have acted In this matter wlthoet speeiai orders, bitander the Constitution aa a paramount eonsideratloB. Alter a desultorr debate, la which Measra.Cox, Pav- «a, Sam of Tirginia, Clxhxks, SHxaitam, SvAamoK, Cotrsx, NoBi., HiBcaaAii, MomaoiaaT, McCLaaiiAas,but on this point there was no cencluslon wben .as he has rharge of ad the forts, the dl-positloa oftbe fort e under his eommaad ia a aoatter In reira'atoThe Pony Ezpreaa passed at 9:30 P. M.Moaltrie and Fun aad to the one Snntsr, by retiringThe for the five millioiu in proposalsother tltird is divided Into those who require the so- ope-ation of a majority, and of those that require all the Slave States. Bight Countiea are to be heard from, entitled to fourteen delegates.SECESSION IN FLORIDA. CHAiUBTen, Friday, Dee. 28.Taptaii,of andthe excitement caused by ABnxason's movements at Charleston.The -Mbany Frrniw^ Jt7Tir«a thus closo* an article vln.'Icaiiug its eour^e in urging compromise on thehaving San Francisco.Scmxa, President of the Bank of the Republic, New- York, and Commodore TairsiaaiLT, have sent word to RcssBU. If he needed aid from tliem" If our Feyul-Hcan friends would but turn their at-tention from the 'nead past'daysPetropaulovakito-day.in any way to let them Itnow it. A similar messageteaches, our ttifferencesonly dlf-tenti d, but his quarters in jail arerrceived dispatches from Lexington, Kentucky, andamount An Indignation meeting has been called at Lexington, by nearly all the prominent men of thenance for the formation of a Southern Confederacy. closed,Kansas, Nebraska, Washington, New-Mt-zico, kc,town. In RneBzi.i.'s behalfSecretaiy FLorn's time is so engrossed upon theor harvest com from fields in which seed was nei-.her There is no business doing whatever in anydepart- of articles of Confederation for a Provis- from the * dead past,' but as men of sense, deal with of goods lo the interior much Interrupted. Therefriends charge the tyranny of the prosecution to the fact that RcBBXLi. favored Deeoi-ss' election.The House Committee to investigate the frauds, have been at work, but nothing special is accomplish- ed. Theproceedingswerestrictlyprivate.anavolvei-l, so that when the shock comes the wholeTobish, do., 15 whalesO. P. DIEPATCn TO Tnx ABSOCIATID PRESS.:„ Comet, 290; ««iiybefore them to-day Mr. Docei-As'SECESSION MEETING AT RICHMOND. RicBMosn, Va., Friday, Dec. 28.A large meeting assembled here last night in the African Church, to give an expression of opinion on15(1- I'lanrl.!•(!(•:V'sper..sented to that body on the 24th of December also ;President Kalbflsiscu in the Chair. Nearly the whole session was occupied in receivinghipCalluo. :-!0 whale:one by Mr. Biolxb, viz. :Constitution of the line of 36* STGoveraments to l}e established north and four south of that line, the geographical areathe former than in the latter ;has population sufficient for oae representative InIt is to be admitted as a Statemation oftbe President, thus removing the question; Oce<in, Coast California ; crvlie and home; John Wall,io.; SOth, SI.j )at e,-* o''=l«:h, onCongress,byaprocla-Ihe Alderman deserved thehis conduct in this matterRepairs and Supplies be .lirectci to luke t'le u-joes:=aryOmega, Ceorge do.fromto bethat line. TheCommitteealsopast.setiucnce, providedthat the I'nittd States means to maintain its posUion considered the where its rifihts ertst. and that itsof this line as oneand all the territory south of this line as one State, to sc.ch atttto retainofficers, duty.to a'lmit all theterritorynorthThe a leusiny-'l.lwte. report prov.-kcdcti-il andThe concea- ment of a similar linejustproperty,calledthese were rejected.admitted with Slavery. All The Committee, finding theybeJefferson,A heavy easterly gale, Ihursday evening. caused such asition of Mr. Adams, (Mass}ADoiher .s^teomrr A large screw steamshio,andThe House Sehcl Committee considered the propo-author]^.In forty-three Counties heard from, fifty dele- gates in favor of Immediate Slate ecesstoa have been elected, and thirty-five classed as eoOperatloa- IstB.27tb.19, 3:40 P. M.w Mrh la not only the etraauest la Itself, bat Is tlM Ifevoftbe poeltinD, be ha* readaradaa attack npOD hisBOM less probable thaaliwaa haiaw. aid kaaplieed to-day at the Treasury Department Tke Mdawerehimself ia a better dtoattoa fa radrt VL(ORratAL WiMflMfti HEWS."Wtmntnm, rtUnj, Dec. 28. The Hoaae Committaa vf TMrtr-three had a lone sessionto-day. TerritorialaMtttndidaotcemea|i.for less than $2,MI0,0M, at aa average o/ 12 per centoutrageous.people of the Southern States,and also on the ordi-proposition,aspre-eight TerritorialThe Committee to whom was re- Specialbeen wildThe ships frombeing when eachgreater In Territorysecession measures, and others a resort to negotiation.Resolutions were adopted approving of a call for a State Convention, to adopt measures to secure themaa Srsoxo, of the Thirteenth Ward, who. itand shyness of whale-..„—au amendment to theRace.Sr. JoHiia. N. F., Friday, Dec. 28.upyesterday. It provides as follows :He hasin hia hands by the Constitution.By Mr. Moaxis, of Ililaots—That in maturing anyMaryland, partlci- paled, all tke pending propoiitloni were, onBoUon of the latter gentleman, referred to a Commlttse of one from each of the fourteea Statea toThe California news 1* not iBportantJodge Baldwdi has sent in his resignation aa Judge of tke Supreme Court, to take effect Jan. 1.The political rumor find* coisiderable cradenee that Gen. J. A. McDossau, Hon. J. W. MoCobklb aad RicBABS P. Hammobb have formed a cembiaatlon tonie their tmited influence with the Dooglaa De- mocracy to elect Hon. Mr. McDocoAu. to the Dnltei States SenaU this Winter -, Mr. BAXKoan, Governor of the State next Summer : and Mr. McCobkli to theTwo-thirds of the latter are far saeesaioa In taken muat be conceded to have been report at a future meeting to be called by them, if they cooperatioa with the ether Cotton States. TkeTreasury Notes, under the recent act of Congress, were openedlattrest as followsThDBaa J. Waner, of New-York, I^ISllMi M^^tt«) of New-Tork! . '.Jeaee r.aa amead- Mmba Towasead, Caetder Mew-openSetolvtd, That it ismeiitto Ihe Constitntiini, to the eflTeet that no future AiBos Townsend, Caskler New- aii'PndBients of It la regard to Slavery shall be Bade, Haven Bankunless propeecd by a Slave State, aad ratified by all Amoa Townaend, Cashier New- 10,000 the States,czpadleattopiopoaaHavaaBank10,0005,000 4,000 1,*00 1,900 90,000 39,000898Jt 8 7 818 2412 18 8featuresofthetimes. Asoftenastwoorthreetimesper week, some Company, with a nsminal eapttal Meetings are being held la varices counties, at stock ranging all the way from $900,000 up to severalteeKiueea, lUlnoi*, WASiiiTin,They took stroaggroaadacalaat It ia speecbea, org-Irg aa ibelr reasons that they regarded It aa an laaaltto the Nonh to require them to give a eoastitntkiaalpledge for their honesty aad good behavior ; that no Farmers' Bank, Laneaater, Pennvotingforit ofexceptNew-Hampdilre of WIsaoDsla.9 10 12 12 expressly repudiated any idea, gaaraateed R. L. * A. Stewart New-York 90,000 13Republican at the North has proposed to interfere withSlavery in the Statesthat the Republican Platform saeh andYork R. L. * A. Stewart New-York;each State a^aiast iavasion, and that the Adadniatra- EdwardJ.Klag. Mew-Yorked In the Washoe silver mines, as other kinds 9,000 10 that He will preserve and strengthen those fraternal of fuel for smelting purposes are scarce 9,000 12 bonds, and that Union formed In the midst of revolu- and difficult of access. "The Keystone Compa-as Edward J. K&g, New-Tork Field k McLean, New-Tork other Adninletrations had done, to develop its policy Field * McLeaa, New-YorkNew-Yorktion of Mr. Luicoui te have the oughtopportonlty,10,000 3070,000 24 tion, and cemented with the blood of patriots in the ny, who have been some months engaged inopening a copper mine m Calaveras Coimty, claim to have struck, during the past week, the richest vem ever discovered on the Pacific coast, being nearly aawithout first being put under bonds to keep the peace.The discussion was very lively. It appeara to be thegeneral opinion among Republicans that the three G 8. BishopF. P. Janes A Co., New-York dlssentiag members will be sustained by the people, F. P. James k Co., New-York ....hitherto characterised uri as a nation."UNION MEETING AT MEMPHIS. Mxanns, Friday, Dec, 28.was sfruck 39-feet below the surface, and appears tobe Inexhaustible. Arrangements are masing to ship the ore to Baltimore, and it is believed It can tie put in the Eastern markets cheaper than the Lake Superior article.GeorgeTreasury having THE;ofNew-TorkWinter appear to be Gea. McDoooall and Gen DsNVxa.J. F. HaatlaglOB.ofNew-York Baah of CoBBeree, New-York, formanyR. L. A New- A. Stewart,C. T.O. 8. Bishop 6. 8. Bishop30,000 2910.000 920,000 9X20.000 10 us those sentiments of love'and affection which have pure as the best copper on Lake Superior. The vela 29 000 12Carleton,stmgfgaveamong the nations ofof ennoBt29,000 19 29,000 18 29.000 21100,000 24 ' 20,000 8J4 3.000 108Wm. B. Slocum, New-YorkNo awards have yet been made, the Secretary of thePennJanuary nexta dayjofFrancisco, and purport to have been brought from athe bids under advisement CESSION IHOTEMENT.against coercion, and favoring a Convention of the Southern Statea to demandtheirrights,andif refusedtetakeimmediatetheycasemate guns are thoee which are fired from an em- A caucus of members froB the Border States, held Ambassadors, Ministers, Consuls and agents of for- cealed 'rom Northern lars and eyes. It is beginniag dolence and relief to the Pope, for which Bignatnreadauger item the shot of an enemy's fleetThe arma-; topose of preventlag harmony. Everybody expmfcss Ambassadors, public Miidsters .and Consuls ai th* Oelr heasas wenld be tom down over their heads, A complete change in the American Consulate of-mentconsistsof liO in the pieces, placedgieat hopecompramise amongtodttesfcrtfcar.Wofth. ItWrteye- W. -#:following Tne heaviest guns, such as the 32 and fti pounders, on the fiirst tier ; 24 an 1 33 pounders, oq the seeoMltler; ColumhTada (Sand 10 Inch) aad heavyalso all other idiiiri caw^dvSctheraces*ef-flwHWlaWhfpanBag tisWs,andT.T.orUer:BABUBir, Consul,sea coast monars on the top of the ramparts.The heaviest pieces are turned toward the hartwr,•W Iwtiich sidether protected by musketry, for wnich loopholes are cut in the Scarp Wall. 1 he number of each kind of the same numt)er of 32-pcum!er8; forty 24-^'Ounders; ten of each calibreBiiJlin alHos-fur-ten 13-inch and ten 10-inch martar.^,aut af theTnose '* Secret Ses-a session at WuiAas's to-night It is derstood that oae or twa members fromun- eign Powers; to conduct negotiations with foreign to leak out now through private but reliable infor- and maieiiai sid weie EOllci'.cd.and that merchants and other men ofPowers ; to make treaties by and with the advice mation, property A copy of the Honolulu Commercial Adoertiter,for a engaged in the caucus.thoee who were General Assembly may previously direct, andit aad «h*a ted iar that! «Mn (!*•> aad that was made at Honolulu on tlie 27th of Oatober. j(CfThe manner in whlck the frauds ia Iks laterior De- partment warn *lieinaiirt,a»is appear* to be tkat FciLXx, the secoad Auditor, suspecting something wrong, refused to pass Secretary Taoanoa'a state- ment or certificate to the Treasury without the bonda or securities to compare with the same. It then be- came apparent that the fraud must be exposed, and BAII.XV divulged it to Flotd, who refused to protect h'm^aasrksad/sreectaiawowaedhythBB,Hahkb appointedgenerallyrepreaeated,power2,000 1 ,000The Pony Express, with Su Louis dates to aoth u •..whaaB^fB!*Ct9^M*DocaaaarT, Deputjr T«n«*t.t>tdjM»kaiac*i» Ji l ist ij jsawd < JBee- -GaMol, were removed, ponaant to orderi froca<*fi "form a council to be called the ExeeuUve CouncM,'" whose duty it shall be to advise with him.Ail obligations of secresy in regard to the above Slavery question for the sake of the L'nionHe said the object was to insure a speedy organiza-Sisrtfor'Ihe slilp JBfi^iid bad been chatteredprivaev with which the proceedlogs were eon-members of the Legislature have gone home.the observance of the 4th *of»H fasting and prayer. He recommends the people of the newly-discovered mine, about 80 miles from CarmnasState on tkat day to implore the Supreme Ruler of the Universe "to dispel the cloud pregnant with evil which now casts its dark shadow over our land, andofourand Ai kansas were at last active In favor of the pro- not be rekindled. The idea of sustaining the Republi- island G uano Company.rights and in theConfederacyit for her as- obll^atloos.;Steaner KanRaroo Off Cnpe Capi Raci. Thursday.rights.He advocated the election of double the'ano uyitilcan Party upon questions that have tieen argued andnow strongly against that DepartmentSome members of tke Administration complain that resident or a naturalised citiien, shall continue until stand, and on which more than a million of electors filling of such orders. There Is noihing new iaOne ea^s that A5PXKS0]! Is to be removed; another, The position ef this old fort, which Is of the utmost RcsBiiL's are more attended than death a citlxen of South Carolina, unless a foreign did and do stand. But while it was just what tae oc- Fiel(!hts ; lates are nominally lower. Money mattersquarters honorably casion required, it was not omnlscieut, and could not importance as a connecting point io the defence of the President's receptioiiB. Secretary TaoMPsoiv ex- residence be established, or notice of intention foresee all that might occur. Shall we, then, becatiseare quiet From the next steamer a rood demaniltlie harbor, has l>een considered by the highest mili-;be given of expatriation that all freeemergencies arise andscenes which are to delude the country In blood. CHr-mayArrii r<;—14lh. shipBoston steamer Sonora. I^inama.forinmessed to Hon. Mr. WooBBoa and Major Pbxlpb to- whites bom within the territory of the State, our platform, refuse or hesitate to meet the^u 7 Shall Light, New-Yorkissuesday his entire confidence in Russiu-'a Innocence, and or those bo;n outside the whose we ignoie st^irtiing facts, and neglect to prepare lorit seems, will have no difficulty in girlug It His citizenfromanyout mean by preparation. Is,one of the United S'ates, who, within twelve months from the secessionialso, personsuponof the State, in theor out of;shareofcoercion, andnipt seizure of fortsinun lerv'aieiingin the States whereIt exists. It -->a^ agreed to bv nearly an unard- obedience to a secret call, for the purpose of can- Ingthe petition— Union between theACCIDXM.— IngthelnUrior of the Aca.'einythe several dissentientsthat suiting andagain urging liim to convene the Legislature. It Is thence to Ninth-street, thrfughunitingAtiout seventy -five Border State Congressmen met understood that if the Governor refuses, the Presidentvote,consideringhigh galeraging for the past two days, and the news-yachtConfederacy by and destructive of republican liberty.Tlieat Bamum's Hotel lastmost to l^ie S->or, byMr- <' S.-FiiiKrx.an-.-e the t.ile .page was changed by Mr. Sobibsbb, onto her aand munitions of the Unitederty wilhout pt-r-o.c,.livprivilegesprobating any attempt at;Tr e feroiritioi.sV,ii Sacivills. stean.ship Kangaroo,meetingnight,by a mis-step felliheadfoi. which he haii his co)l:.r-l-ine l.ir.,keii.liaheillvofBy Mr. C^LTAI—That the laws of the Union should other*, to 'levjve stirh mea.'u-es a* -i:';.'M t*e dre.^i'd teut'ed by hl« physician.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069By Mr. VALLAPnieHAHmeetingmerchants, nieml>ersbar,conveyednrcbl affect the staniilrgof his h^use.Untitled Documentw-ould lead toalso,offer,provide!Sorurster, 15th,4share of the Statesin an address to Gov. Hions, fiany,Ines, thioiighThere is a here, which has beenJireswill go out,fresh fuelisfurnished,can-the ' living present'With such abv ir.eduectlogthewhich haaus a nameIe whichthe earth, and that He will renew and warm withinAn immense and enthusiastic Union meeting10^ was held here to-day. It was addressed by Hon. and telegraptiic dates to 3 P. M. of 31 Inst, vii FortBate ; to caneeaa th* Baa*** OTta^n- *«irhethtlhiaks It aeeeaeary ; provided, nevertheless,the existence of the Convention that all treaties, directions for the appointment of Aml>assadors, less take cognizance of these and similar muters. ItMinisters. Consuls, etc., be subject to tlie advice and consent of the Convention.Second—That the Governor imme-IIately appointThe latter appointmentCommercial matters at the Island continued gloomy.Nsiu. 8. Bbowh and others-. Resolutions were was passed Kearney,opposing sepaiate State secessionletters from Sin Sacraraeato, maay of THE REIGN OF TERROR BEGUN IN SOUTH ihem double letters, paying $i each. To-day the will take about (9 letters from San Fran-Express cisco.fiuhlisbed of this which is sednloosly con saphatc matter,Washington, and F.wVl be cenfiseatod and sold in order to BMIK. W ptiaitton.pital.L.tofoUowed ky titekept eantfutly proccedmgs.putdisbedshows to what straits the Secessionisu have;and howseed of discontent among their own adherents.VIEWS OF TilURLOW WEED ON THE DUTYOF REPUBLICANS. 'would cease. Weler in this, viz.: That with the election of a Rep'ibli- can President, tke issue* upon which his su^crss wasFugitivefor Personal Liberty laws would no longer existareIn South Carolina at the time of We are reminded, constantly, the perfections and Insufficient to make it any object forMontezuma, Wa Hmry Kneeland, intention of remaining, shall, upon taking the oath of North will meet It, shoulder to shoulder, ail hearts .\rctir, 700 whales SOth, E. F. Mason, Ochotak. 300the present crisis.was al- of a lot corner of SoJthlog, Sailed from Honolulu, Oct. 24, Conntkun, New-be declared a citizennowandFoiixvaa.'" BROOKLYN NEWS.whales410 whales. In each instance, this season's catch.Dataien, do., the amount of oil isalso, that citizens of other States, coining here after the expiration of a yearfromthedateofsecession,andactuallyresi'iing with Ihe intention of remaining, shall ; also,allfreewhitesenteringthemilitary,navalor civil service of the State, shall become citizens uponto thecryof 'Umoa,;seven moDlhs,become citizens upon taking the oath of allegiancethe Ochotsk Sea•' In Ochotsk Sea Sept 14—>t«(i^es, 290 whales : B.Several speeches were made,mruecpohrtice andwith thecheerfully,wlioily: :;pioj.eilyli gaily. »a' ailoptid.1 he Ce.inniitiee appointed to investigate the chafges niat'e a.talnst AiJeruiiiii Gr.EEiT, of tne Tenth Ward, (certifying to bills for cleaning the streets befo'e ihc work was done.) reported that they had investigated the matter, and that the Alderman was in no w .\v de- serving of the cenure which the fintllng of a bill bv the Grand Jury would seem to imply. The rep ir! w'.is adopted.hi the »eek. has pa'lof.'living present.'ber. SheNorth, with 1.000 bble. of oil, bound to Honolulu. Business was re^>orted inactive at Petrop.-iulovski andNiccoloffski, which at the latter place was to a ovviogw ant of opportunities for the carriage of goods to tho interior, and limited demand for foreign merchandi^ amrng natives.Anived at Honolulu, Oct 79. ship Storm King, Saaguano for the Atlantic States, at $16 per ton, by the Phceaixdecided, is as as to expect to wneat SHIPPING AND COMMERCIAL NEWS. preposterous reapmay ktep stumping, theirnotour Platform V What we;o set ourselvesaiuur, on the questions m- whalesef the Ceraman ConBctl. ALDEEMIHBTBONOANDORKXNACQCITTKDOJTUB IfoTFnn.490— CHARGESAGAIN8TTUEil hlWSpeelsd SleetlBKRu«*,900: C.W.'Morgan.V*';held lastevening.leged,leasing26th, Martha, to cruise and home ;0)iKr,vv,0(iD, wliil- vif.w-{-gt We are requested by Mr. McDlRKOTT to •voluntarily,ll-ftri^i- Attor-fOBA8(..(, ererm Lcn Storb^ick. 250estcandidatesforthe this Senatorahipwhile 'ance the 'West Hartley coal, are on exhibition ^t Sanquestion. Grain comesinof of ex-veat.iiO. •Philip /., Washmglm. 600."character, stock-jobbing operatioos.are doubtlessSome fine specimens of coal, resembtiag to aopeir-fiom Carsonterday, and will arrive at San Francisco by the Sacra-telegraphedValley yes-wasremoval of the Physician and Surveyor of themoney, 2 fl cent, month interest since the 1 1th of Octoljer.be looked lor. Shoi t loans are sliflT at 22bth, 29lh,Honm<m(». 270 whales do„K-urupe, ;;afromthatrecent changes in the commercial policy of the Kingdom was the eifect to drive the businesa toThe Florence furnishes the following report fromthe Arctic Ocean dlstinculfhed for rough weather,the season:29th, Jere Smith, do.of Hainet and ;Hiircison.3i0ijtar- 450: Isw-.r Hoioland. 120, 60:;olTCapeExpress www.fultonhistory.com 