 m w%-:i^^^^&&&$i,,.,.ftwpe raspberries^ which were very abundant, and from Colorado we stood upon the summit of Pike'st »( .,1 f!>; ;;....MnK? l•.'4l:> js3 Iifl*1 iti\•are too pocr for beef, and hogs, those not already dead, are entirely unfit for food, save in a few excep- tional casee, where t^e owner has old corn to feedAssyrian went out in the dory to dredge, while the Artitjtand I rambled over the rocky bottom of the channel through which, when it should be filled by the tide, our vessel was to sail into Edgemoggin S^ach."If they sleep here as soundly as they do at Owl's Head," said the Apsyrian, as he pounded tbe front door with his fist, " our prospects of going to bed supperless may be pronounced first-n>te. At all events, I givemerely to occupy myself with purling it in again. Ithad run out to the extent of about two hundred feet, have offered no affr >nt to the heir apparent of tile Brit-[had alrecdy token back bis verbal pledge of abitinencemade at Pulpit Harbor, end was desirous of warming fessor and the seamen, after we bade them farewell, You entreat " Irishman of ionnence, for tkeir oxen,# 1/^•w:,,/ .n*,!.*,.,^,,;;;';^^1% iI jfc. ./EE"•"E r.«4 ^ "'W1 • "•P !'• ''•»*WEW-YORK BAILY TRIBUNE, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 2V*P>.0LJMMJNG PJKJET8 JPJB4&—ZT.Ds*v*R Cnnr, Sept 17, I860, on TkmrWay iaorning—our second dayhorns, whmb'iiatart-ha«'iO!wnW--ae-to-;i|roa^ the fall and receive the most violent concussions with- out injury. The sky assumed a deeper and richeror discourage her fanners. It is a test that will bring eabbages, onion*, and beets t ever saw*thousands of good fawners here. Kansas cornea out of low 's a*drunk aa a loon," he whispered to us through were guests at Bar Harbor, whither we were hound, If there is anythirg in these sta'emente to entice this fiery ordeal brighter and fairer than ever. What bis eet teeth. " I didn't find it out till juat now. and they were now otf their way to a lake, high up persons to sacrifice property or give up a good situation if New England or New York had been subjected ""Twill he a wonder if we ever get safe into the Reach among the mountains, to fish for trout. With the aid to oonut to the mountains and make a fortune, I hope to such a state of things ? Or even Indiana or Illi- with such a chap for pilot."nois ? Why, there would not have been a green thingwithin their limits. Their forest treeB would have Here was a pleasantprospect, truly 1 The wind waswithered and driedI up, whereas, without any rain at blowing almost a gale, and, as we knew by our own mess of trout for supper, made our way withoutall we have got something to show. .•'$}&¥tP~*!h'.r,.sfevmaepiel same rigti lIlav^ yd „ etiabtuh' d I•t<la'r>t'd.fill (hitI? " r l Y oucb"!you blanel «it* . dr."•a bon.e 0^pot dep*ObA'g^S Ofjfi0d§To^J-r<| siigrauis •hi y e n t»-yreomaai'-t*-^ do sot s- i»|certair P)**M erty and j^if poor and :gjike *KtfataiM—we made hasty toilets, blue, and the spots of snow and ice began percep- « f & the ¥ W O * for a mirror; breakfasted, and tibly to enlarge. Even here the flowers did not de- gawBPed emr jettmey, through two ragged canons, sert us; but Hundreds of tulip-shaped blossoms, ofa smooth, grassy valley between. Land- faint yellow mingled with purple, opened their meekof their lines we soon repaired the harness, and they v*ill do so tbe very first opportunity, and th««aave left their bioad, bare-tracks through A * latest down many of the hill-rides. That Ciacranati author, who, forty years ago, objectedW the name "Bockyv" as inapplicable to these evidently wrote of thisgs he had not The endless masses of disintegrating rock assume a greet variety of forms. One huge, gran- itic chair overlooks a little kingdom of mountain and valley; but the Titan who sat upon it was long ago dethroned, in one of Nature's terrible convul-sioss, which uprooted hills and rent them asunder, hurled gigantic bowlders about like pebbles.Tke burdens brgin to hang like mill-stones about necks, enabling us to appreciate for the first Ion* the emotions of a pack-mule, and in my owneyes through the freshly-fallen snow. It was worth all our toil to see the cheek of June, with its pur- ple flush, nestle among the silver locks of I)ecem-De** 'The future of Kansas is fixed and glorious. Withexamination while the tide was out, the channel further impediment to Bar Harbor, where we found through which we were passing abounded with reefs excellent quarters in the hou*e of Mr. Roberts, theTHESIXTY-NINTH LORDREGIMENT RENFREW.ANDmind provoking the inquiry whether a man who W e succeeded in dislodging a few huge rocks whichshelving rock upon a hill-side; with' difficulty kin- the valley below, like distant thunder. One shelv- dled a fire, and dined upon a rabbit which had sur- ing rock, overhanging the verge, affords to the spec-meditating some great stroke of culinary art. By assuring him that he had run a very cloee chance of yet the haunt of the deer and the bear, though the lat- .satiety and pets up another io its place.rendered unconditionally to M*. Blunts revolver.then returned, bearing cups of the delicious fruit— native offerings to the damp divinities.i n song and conversation, reading and whist- playing, the afternoon wore away. Early in the evening our robust Colorado friends, who had gone a aiile or t w o beyond our camp, passed by on their return, having given up the tnp as too severe forthem. "We gathered an ample supply of wood. The dead pines, often six inches in diameter and twenty or thirty feet high, were easily overturned, their brittle loots snapping like pipe-acems. As the 'fir* was our only solace, we piled on the logs until the red flames leaped high into the air and chased the thick darkness far away. Four of us huddled ander the rock, while the fifth, as the least of two evils, sat grimly in the open air, wrapped in his blanket and brooding upon destiny. The rain be-H.—were the first ladies who ever ascompfished • when the huge cake was sufficiently done, proceeded of the boat, with much difficulty keeping Ma balance, the ascent, and richly earned whatever of immor- to turn it with a knife. He did not succeed very wall and addressed us with drunken gravity:settlement and of the grave of the Jesuit Du Thet, in by the pmper military authorities of tbe offense, and that justice, according to strict military law, will bethe Alnambay Uli Awikhi^an, a Catholic prayer-book, don<- upon ^he offenders.mantled in fresh snow, with the path or digression Upits barren side, clear and distinct. In the genial man-light, for the first time in 24 hours', we be- Sn to experience the comfort of dry clothing. Thewater, and young trees upon which tobrowse. Ca'tle- ing for the tide; to rise, the Professor and the apparently everybody had gone to.bed. .la, for thousands of acres, swept by vaat conflag- them. Not a garden vegetable has been raised this ratione, were verdureless and black, thickly studdedish Tbrone* It would he an indelicacy and an affront It was a broad, irregular, ragged chasm, worn ap- your fair notice I shall attempt no more school-houses." when; feeling a smart bite, I drew it up witii a fine, to you, and'such as tbivk wit*i you. We left you towith tall pines and firs, leafless and branchless—like the wilderness of masts in a great sea-port. The valleys were shaded by graceful aspens, whose leaves cruivered in the still air; and carpeted by luxuriant grass, rising almost to our faces, and in- terspersed with bright flowers of pink and white, Woe, yellow, and purple. Our progress was greatly impeded by fallen tree-trunks, three and four feet above the ground, whose sharp and jagged branches, while climbing over them, were trying to the pa- tience of all—and especially totho meager skirts of the ladies.W e dined luxuriously in a raspberry patch, where fke ground was almost literally covered with the faecious fruit. Soon after, we struck the base of the 3Peak itself, and began climbing wearily up the steep rocky canon which extends to its very summit. The thin air rendered respiration very difficult, and at 5 ©'dock w e camped, greatly exhausted. The wild eyes and flushed faces of the ladies began to excite serious apprehensions, but they fell asleep almost instantly.. In.the midst of a sudden- shower, two • f as started for water. The stream-bed, ten yards distant, broke the word of promise to our hope—ityear in all that vicii>i<y, except perhaps a fewradishes or some early vegetables. Thut entire coun-try, usually so beautiful and productive, now presents rocky shores were phoney-combed wi'Ja caves and gul- speedily appeared, having fortunately jast got into bed the last of our sea-fishing. We reached the harbor at participate in it;* we did not feel it and we scorned to««mountain sheep—an animal of wond^rfuTagffity. lor thirteen months! and here only a little over four arjn, led him back to «he bow, where he talked to him ef all expected to meet on a lonely road in the heart of some of it 2J feet in diameter. I have seen her*"$&$&,. In leaping down the high roclta—often an incredi- inches have fallen for more than a year—this terrible oarneetry forammntoor two, aad then o«ne aft to the billa of Mount Desert. black currants. h*rds-graw, aad red-top, 3J feet Wgh*ble distance-the strike imon then* hard^ convex drouth, I say, will not in the least depopulate Kansas the eoekpit, where we were all gathered.' "The fel- The rencounter was exceedingly opportune. They Some part of the Wdt-y of the PUtte raises the finestbrief pauses; but we pressed steadily on. Just be- low the top, we turned southward from a direct course, to look down a fearful chasm known as the" Crater." It is half a mile in width, nearly cir-FROM PORTLAND • • • ,TO MT.DESERT.;, '1 \got at last safely into Edgemoggin Rsach, a broadeasily secrete themselves from their ownerB in the tallfabment, dry land, and were forced to come to anchor by a deacon, which had been recommended to us at wader an oceanofpure whiteclouds,withmoun- inthelowbot'.oms.andamongtheyoungcottonwoods nearanumberof\fishing-vessels which,likeourselves, BassHarbor. Wewerecold,hungry,andexceedingly tain-summit* here and there dotting its even surface, that skirt the dried bids of former runniug brooks, had apparently been caught in this trap. tired, and our hearts sank as we saw, on approaching m islands of purple and emerald. Before, and far creeks and rivers. People are compelled to drive, their On inquiry we learned that the strait was the house, which we recognized by the description thatabove the dark intervening bills, rose the Peak, cattle in many instances fifteen or twenty miles for passable only at; high wa'.er, and,, while wait- had been given us, that no light was visible, and thatBehind and below us the valleys were submergedluxuriant grass. The only feed for cattle is obtaineda scene of desolation scarcely ever before witneseed!lies. Behind a huge promontory, at which our s;roll as we began to knock. . He took us into the kitchen,midnight, and our Summer cruise was ended.- The simulate. We tfconght that, iu its extravagant adula- tion of a lad of nineteen the City of New-York over-"Many of the families came from New Eogland andNew-York, and have always been accustomid, if notto every luxury, at lesst to all the necessaries and con-veriencies of a good home. ' Some of tbe heads of fam-ilies are edvanced in years, and it is heart-rending tosee theai sit down to their scanty meal of corn-bread mud not far off. j and water, for in but few instances do cows give milk,which was tolerably warm, and produced some coldmeat and appltf-pie. •The Ar-syrion, considering thecruif e at an end as soon as we landed on Mount Desert,next day I embarked on the steamer for Rockland and Boston, while the Artist and the Assyrian left the isl and by way of a bridge, which at its northern end connects Mount Desert with the mainland. The Pro-stepped the bounds of dignified hospitality, aud made iu-eJ', for the time, a laughing-stock to civilised nations. You have had your way, without let or hindrance from us—what more can you require ?•'•'!,!•"»'the feed is so poor and insufficient! Not one i'arooer intwenty has any money, and scfircely any clothes forhimself .and family, and-all this as chey'are beingcarried into a cold, cold Winter, aud with no hopes tillanother harveet! God, in Ilia infinite mersv, has sentone nolle soul to investigate this matter. Hon. Tnad- retorting the occasional gibes with which.tbey favoredThe deacon smiled, and suggested milk.they arrived in doe time.It is related of the Caliph Abdalrahman, the mighti-. " We have far nearly a quarter of a century be«n receiving sev- eral Uiouaand Irishmen annually among us We fuioe ?iven th'»m land, &lu>ott'tor notbtdg. employment at far better wage* thanus, until the rising! tide obliged them to desist from and day through the Smith and South-west, aud work. After a smart skirmish among thems^lven, in"I have a Weak siomach," said the Assyrian, "aud est aud most magnificent of the Moorish monarchs of they could have cbt'.bu'd at borne; tnd political ri<ht« equU to those which "are *iy y«-d by the sons of the beat aud noblestdens Hjalt of your city has been riding "nightnever drink anj thing so strong as milk."The deacon smiled still more blandly, and his smileexpanded into a Blight laugh as he proposed cold tea. "Bah!" said the disgusted Assyrian, "why don'tSpain, "that he wrote toward the close of his life the American*. They h<sve c i n e to us st^ep- d in Sgnonncw *nd »u- following declaration: " I have now reigned above perstition. We have l-.t ihem have tbeir prieet* and their ohuTckevi and when fira>icProte*tautu have tried to dia.nrbthem fifty years ia victory or peace; beloved by my subjsc-a, ict have resii-t»-d It and hiv»3 uucceaf folly protected them in whatdreaded by my enemies, and respected by my allies. we believe to be a nuittiken cour*o."What does all this mean? Who are the humaneis ding all in his power to arouse the attentionof people in the States to the true condition oftbebe settlers. He has already sent hops and con-fidence.to thousands r£ady to perish. Taey willrise up and call him bleseed! His work is an arduouswhich their baekete and handsful of mud »?ere freely need as missiles, they embarked in their scow aiud rowed away, wiih| a'parting injunction to us to go homo to our anxious mothers in time for tea. 'yon offer us dishwater at. once. C*n't you give us Riches and honors, power and pleasure, have waited bei;efae*.o>8 of the Irish rsce indicated by ibis niy«t3-In half an hour we reached the verge of vegetation, during the Summer occasional showers, but the amountandcampedforthenight. Wewerejuststretched ofcornharvestedisveryinsignificant;manyfi»ldsof ment. Hefellonhiebandsandkneesbeforetheheap, beside a roaring fire, when another shower came fifty nnd tpaenly-five acres trill not yield an car! which he scrutinized in every possible way, by haud-withprosecutions.After dinner, we drove for several miles through aPotawatamie,a*.*parting from our friends, who promised to bring us aa climate as salubrious as any in this world, and a soilae productive as any upon which the sun shines, she and shoals. The soberest Palinurus would have found Postmaster and principal trader of the village. Atthey can see for themselves whether my statements arecannot fail to be a glorioas State. But wmember—oh, it hard/enough, .apparently, .to •guide', a vessel tbrough, this place, which adjoins the finest pcenery of th« in God's name remember!—tbat no amount of letters and we were trusting to the skill of a drunken island, we spent two days exploring the recesses of trykg to cover up our destitution can alleviate, the loafer, whose wits at the best, were evidently none of Otter Creek, whoee wild moantam-passe* equal inTo the Editor 0/Harper* Weekly Journal of Civilization.Finally, the highest flower and the last blade ofgrass were behind us; and before, only rocks piledupon rocks. The path up Mount Washington is a sufferings of those hungering for bread. " It is more tiie brightest or atea'diest. To do the fellow justice, grandeur the Notch of the White Hpls. and rambling neighbors, until I am forced to think otherwise, I do-Macadamized road in comparison with this route. blessed to give than to receive." J. W. ROBINSON. It became difficult to avoid falling asleep during ourSIR: As Jam always inclined'-othink well of my about the gigantic cliffs of Great Head, Schooner sire to believe that yon wish in all you write, to do ndin deep shadaw. I found the Pilot sitting on the taff who stepped up to him as he was about to get-into the seven thousand, and a large part of the island is under the hour be Beenentbe C- ampioo, Tommy ib<» Japan- will carry twenty-seven pounds of blankets up the hung upon the verge; and they went rolling down 1•M>untams is not of the long-eared species himself? the side, leaping from ledge to ledge, rebounding rail, pipe in mouth, and absorbed in the study of this dory to be rowed ashore by the Skipper, and, taking cultivation. The northern part especially is. re- ese, Napoleon the Emperor, or Albert Edward thevA t 11 o'clock, a cold, violent rain set in. Half- like balls of India rubber, and, long after they dis- bewildering inscriptions on a package of yeast powder him geitly by the throat, solemnly admonished himmarkable for great rural beauty; but the center and Prince, it is yo.ur offic« to ofFT.him iueense, chaunt hispraiuea, and denounce all who refase to worship, uuti| drenched and shivering, we reached the shelter of a appeared from view, crashing and reverberating in which he had bought at Portland. He was evidently nevtr egain to undertake, while drunk, to act as pilot, south-east portions remain in native wiHness,. and are the giddy multitude flings down that idol in a fit offrjir.g-pan ready for their reception, we were all on his head in sikhce. Bnt, before the Skipper had rowedPeak, 14,500 feet above the sea. The female mem- Seek and intently observing the process of preparing a dczen strokes, the islander suddenly resumed his con early as 1608, on the western side of the "Sound, andtality the small caps of T H B T R I B U N E can give them.In another arid concluding letter I will attempt to t<$l what we saw from the summit. A, i>. R.THE WOES OF KANSAS.-Correspondence of The N. Y . Tribune.MANHATTAN, RILEY Co., Kansas, Oct. 5, 18G0.I know very well to what an extent the; elections claim the attention of the people of the States, bat please allow us a space in your generous columns toIn this difficult operation, and the Assyrian re- monstrated: ." That's a lubberly way of doing it, Uncle Widger."I say, can't you give me some of them cowcum- publiebed in New-York in 1853, for the benefit of thelfio.be the real-purpose and object of the New-York State Militia to exhibit ice uniforms and drill to all notabilities. European a^d Jap«n<-s«, toat may honorIt as easy as I can eat the flapjack after it is done. peaks of Mount Desert came gradually into view, at esme very violent, and the .natural roof, sloping, tell them what, perhaps, many do not yet know. Kan- Here, let me take your knife and I'll show 30U the firet misty aud blue, then green and wooded, until, asdevelopment of its matchless natural beauties,' which, at present, are to a great degree bidden by the monot-found guilty of mutiny, and then and there, as you sug- gest be summarily shot Above *11 things, let the law be carried out, whatever it may be. S > far we areanfortunately, in the wrong direction, showered, the water upon us in melancholy profusion.and a stream of water pouring down my back. At midnight a general commotion awakened me; the sir had grown very chill, and the whole party arosesas has paseed through one of the most blighting, with- trick." ; we advanced, still loftier summits showed themjelres onous covering of an American forest of the secondary agreed. But when you a?8crt that, apart from thefalling perpendicularly, went with a slant over tae and sought the fire. After steaming for a few inm- would fail. Bnt June came, and no rain, not even the etern into t'ne sea.view* whioh bas been admirably painted by Charles contrast of light and shade, of rural graee and of wild regard it as offensive, tyrranieal, a^d unjust. What r. a8<in can % 00 give that ary aoan of the Irish race inrocks in gloomy contemplation, like Marina amid the ruins.None of us knew anything of the localities of Mount Beeert, and we therefore put into the first harbor, that we saw on the coast, which proved to be Baas Harbor. We -landed about sunset, and, not finding the villagegardener.. •" .and'one, too, which many fartners supposed neverDix./ Certainly only in the tropics can it be excelled— and stem grandeur, would maie this ieland, with its tbe Unit. d.States, or out of ic, shou'd voluntarily giveates before it, 1 crept as far as possible under the rock, lolled myself once more in a wet blanket, and slept soundly until morning, leaving my companions to muse on the beauties of nature. When I awoke,soon after daylight, they were still out in the rain, harvest to liquidate the debt, seriously, talked about a cabin. The mirth of the old man at M3 instructor's ranged around the camp-fire, sitting among the failure of the corn crop; but the. mass said, "Ifo; we feilure was pleasant to heholdJ He laughed andhave seen it far dryer than this, and we had good chucklad with .infinite glee, and though he made greatmighty cliffs and somber ravines and multitudinous ocean beavhes, a place of pilgrimage from the ends of the earth to all lovers of .the beautiful and sublime 10 nature. • P. is imposrible to conceive of any finer fieldfor the exercLse of the highest,genius of the landscapehonor and welcome to tho heir of the British throne ? Tne English nation has been tbe enemy of bis race for hundrtds of years. It bas been the, not disavowed, policy of tbat nation to extirpate the Irish race from the Jrif-h Und. and eteadfastiy, crusty and silently, through centuries of open war or treacherous peace, that policy has been pursued. H e i s here, poor, ignorant, an out- c68t, because thit same policy is etilf steadfastly, cruel- ly filently, and successfully pursurd to-day. He d*ea not like England. He m^y not always be able to tell;You should loosen the flapjack with your knife, and splendid run down Edgemoggin Reach, which fromof the Abcaki Indians, in whose language it is written.The first permanent settlements, however, of Mount our city vith a vicit; although'-one may be disposed toThat's the way to turafiapj^ka."If he refuses to play bis part iu th^se vain and silly pageants, let him be brougbt forthwith before a Drum-" I should like to see you do it," said the old man.growth. The " forest primeval" has been cut down, question, whether or no theee Irish militiamen have and the woods that have eucweded it have neither violated any mintary dut», their refusal to parade ia honor of tb*> Princ* of W*h-8 (as you and his other hands, while we stood aside to give him room, he tossed The island is a mass of mountains cro ??ded together, graBdtur nor variety. Half a century of judicious subjects in New-York ncsist in calling him) was an In the southern and eouth-western Counties of this up the fry h>g-pan with considerable force, giving, at and seemingly rising from the water. As you draw, clearing and still more judicious sparing of the tress "itdecency," a "defiance of the unanimoos eeuti- *f that procrnstean bed extends only to 11 o'clock, Territory rain has not fallen, unless within a veryrecent where they ougtt to be spared, surrounding these m«i.t of' jour people," "must render the Irish when I was wooing the drowsy god, with my legs period,.for more than one year! Spring Wheat was a the same time, a scientific twist to his wrists for the near, they resolve themeelves into thirteen distinct Regiment unpopular," and "caonot fail co exas- in a mud puddle, a sharp rock piercing my ribs, total failure, bnt farmers cared little about its loss, for • purpose of making the flapjack turn over in the air, peaks, the highest of which is about t^O'thousand feet savage mountains with loyely glades and charming pera e the public feeling agaiast the Irish race,'* their main dependence'was placed upon their corn, while he stood ready to catch it. Unluckily, this last - above the neighboring ocean. It is difficult to conceive and yet stately groves, converting the swampe into y> u cannot be surpris-d, if men of the Irish race takewhich up to ^tbis time has been the principal crop, flourish was not successfal, for the flapjack, instead of of any finer combination of land and water than this rich meadows, and creating a pictureeque aud proper leave to question »be authority of your judgment, aadAfter many lachrymose and dismal jests, which eertaiDly did not originate in dry wit, my co-tenants one by one dropped asleep. My own recollectionering drouths to which any but an absolutely rainless country was ever subjected.He carefully ioosened the flapjack from the bottom in grim and stony desolation. ' .of the pan, and then, seizing the handle with both The approach to Mount Desert by sea is magnificent.only in the gorgeous islands of the Indian and Pacific Those whoee little homesteads were mortgaged for trieve this disaster by trying again, but silently handed Oceans. On the coast of America, it has no rival,accustomed dew, and men began to grow anxious. The discomfited Assyrian made no attempt to re-land warrants, and who depended- upon a bountiful back the frying-pan to the.PD.at, and took refnge ia the except, perhaps, at the Bay of Rio Janeiro. " •••'•;-.corn. We shall have good corn this Fall. But efforts to suppress bis merriment and preserve a soberi We took our frugal breakfast that morning, as far the sun continued to rise and set in a brazen, aspect, hisdelight ran over perpetually at hie eyes and very attractive, tbe Assyrian, the Artist, and I, started eound, where we fouud tbe Helen at anchor. We leftOn the third day we rode back to the head of theas externals were concerned, a morose and melan- hct sky, and no signs of rain till- late in would break out £very few. minutes into a sudden roar. for South-west Harbor, which was described, to us as. the mare and the wagon in charge of tbe Postmaster, you why. But, by the sure in .tinct of his race, hecholy group. "We, the pack-bearers, carried our July. People began to .believe a famine was at It was not till breakfast was over, and we had madethe place of most resort on the island. The Professor, and embarking, floated with the tide through eceneryknows, tbat Erglatd, its Kings, and its Parli<ment, its pr«-ss aLd its people, have been, and forever will be, hia unrelenting foe.Is he to b? forced, in deference to your transient fit of lojalty, to ignore.the history, tradition, memories of his race, and parade himself io ostentatious welcome to tbe reprefertative of his immemorial enemy, because that representative happens to be your idol of an hour t•If Francis Joseph of Austria or Napoleon. III. of France w?re t'> visit tbe United States, a- d New-York; s£ain fall in'o a paroxysm of loyalty, as I have no doubt it would do, would the Hungarian exile or the Frerch rep blican escaped from Cayenne incur your displeasure if be declined to parade and abaee himself in nonor.of tbe potentate whose power was to him an object of detestation ? Do you think that wh$n a foreign-born man com«s h^re he is bound to 1-jave all his treasured memories brhLd him, to strip his charac-ter «>f i'.B valieicy, 10 desf.ro? hU own identity, and re- mold and rffashion b-s nature after your model ? If ariy authority in this Republic, be it President or people, press "or pub'ic opinion, shou'd r resume thus to-icxate to the foreign born citizens of this nation, then u^hauwborif-y would be an iasult, a cruel, degradingeppotiam, aud it ought to fill.The 69th Regimpnt, mark you, and the Irith race,heads with great ragidity and belonged to a stiff- necked, if not a perverse generation. Less than half the journey was accomplished, and"we had but one day's.provisions remaining. One of the ladiesour doors, aud they diligently pimted buckwheat and other late crops, hoping that a late; ram would briug them something if the corn went; and so their hopessail and got out of the harbor and on the open eea, that he resumed his wonted grayiry.wishing, to d; edge in these waters which were new tohim, preferred to remain on board with the seamen--strikingly resembling the Hudson as;it passes through the Highlands, to Soutb-West Harbor. Here the Assyrian and I went ashore to Settle with the Deacon for the use of his mare, not without some misgivings tbat we mi tilt be embarrassed in effecting a settlement, ficm the fact that we had not brought the animal back. Th6 Deacon, however, readily received our statement of the caee, and.said he could send for the animal when he wanted her. We all sat down upon a login a sort of ship-yard, near his premises, and, Tankee- like, wMttled diligently while we discussed the term t of payment, which, after a protracted, session, were arranged liberally and satisfactorily.Reembarking. we made sail for Bar Harbor. Thewind proving light and the corrente adverse, we madelittle progress, and were twtlve or fourteen hours ingoing as many miles. About sunset, as we slowlyrounded Schooner Head, I picked up a baited cod-linewhich lay on the deck, and dropped it overboard,had worn throogh the soles of her shoes in several have b«en disappointed from one thingto another, until the eastern side ef Penobscot Bay. This ieland is ten H&rbcrnext day.places, and both were wet, chilled, and exhausted; oat to our inquiries in regard to the feasibility of proceeding, they replied that they had started to as- cend the Peak, and were going to the summit either with or without us! By 7 o'clock we are again enrobing the slippery rocks; the rain ceases; thebreaking clouds turn forth their silver lining," Aad genial mors appears ££k« penaiYe broaty, «nlUng through her tear*."the awful reality has burst upon them that sufferingand death are in their midst from starvation! I allude miles long by five miles broad and has two or three We could not obtain at Bass Harbor any conveyancenow. to Southern and South-western Kansas. Tbeir thousand' inhabitants., We sailed for several hours —all tbe horses of the place being absent on some rus- waters are mostly dried up, and people now pass over through a group of smaller islands, steering for a chan- tic excureicn. So we walked through the forest forOur course was north-east, toward D^er Island, on premiiiog to' bring the sloop around to. South-westnel, which, on thp chart, ran between Deer Island axid several miles'after dark, and for tbe last hour of th3 Indians say they never saw before. Scarcely a spear Little Deer Island, and communicated with Edgemog- w&y had a fine night-view of the mountains, serene of anything is to be' seen -where last year cattle could gin Reach. Ohi reaching the spot indicated on the and solemn in the mystical starlight. About 11 p.m. chart as a navigable strait, we found it, to our aston wo reached our destination—a small public house, keptthe reeky beds of streams, the bottoms of which thehowever, he did know the channel perfectly, and weHead, and the other hold rocky promontories, rising sound, running for several miles between Deer Island for.hundreds of feet directly from the sea, which make and the mainland. With this sound our seamen were the ieland so fascinating to the landscape and marineinjust'ee—utter no falsehood—plant no hatred, but dis- seminate jast and liberal views of current events, and promote harmony and kind feeling among all the citi- zens of the Republic.cular,, inclosed by abrupt walls of irregular, jut- how Pulpit Harbor looked at that hour. The weather so that we needed no further pilotage. Moont Desert has an area of about a hundred square your profession as a journalist, that you are foreverting rocks, and apparently from 1,200 to 1,500 feet was clear and mild, and the Megunticook peaks were There was something in the aspect of the Deer miles, and is divided into three towns—Tremont, Eden, obliged to swjm with the current of popular excite-in depth; but I detected no signs of volcanic agency. tipped with the, rosy hues of dawn, while we lay still Islander which strongly excited the ire of the Assyrian, and Mount Desert. The population is not far from ment, wherever it flowe, and whether the favori:e cf- v i . • - : ; • - •I went on deck before sunrise next morning, to see well acquainted, and besides, we had a good chart of it, painter.It is, however, perhaps the melancholy necessity ot'are ijrt to i «ert wtit o|heart and the,midni. ii riant ano >', \Aty^rery fern Jt;« •<,!: uf' «t»:nc>f tb^You Hty;. ''ItLbct •»! TtglBifnu v\u cfmt,or* tl •titutM'!.. «|. YOU 1KB I] obsoi»'t<j b{,»{ rimMn.. Tl ie forgo?*•n. th# (gt%v* b a t d u b l i ^ 101 <Lb.J. Bnt • »er'trt:.-*nj £egim*ntc escort to *evout can «J United ival Itw wjwho fonf h& eome few then*hve*. I the dsfctl. o| the earth ry. a.c thaiFtrifrvl u >c, !;•;•.-ll take aervicr, whienr-ius tri^ns, iSpn|provetbi^ iseci'ilrsc 0 vice cf Fx Aaerican-i and ia evei been tn.ffIn tvejl no uncomnp ticn, whtnT enimif* icf. who»e ref cf New-ulatir'X—id and tni-tJ and betradThm,v&, m'enareii, American v*ct)h»ti< a weath. hxx For every flt»g, joatfrom Jarzseifongfct side vthtirblood . valor lritthe ,r*=pt.ir| are icgeniol hcetihiy: j | heir ot he that could fc[. citizei?.It ia well I blind hat'edl thoeamehel•urrtnder Yen foaLu tdhave made if Tbe Irish 1diera of var overpowerint to the orders'!whenfurth r Hethatecejtothesoldiei are spmr u, opioion is en|IhjLTC HOI Beguoaent tinJ Let me xikaveub-adeol B-ciUrf an]thrt&tui tcef the AEO- '.--aJYon OTuWl tween Irish |You txhueieu Bbmcc; Youerj<i««l' rierofjeai xenso/dine yoor overfl ladof ciretthat ce ma; N If you 00 • oomtor.'cat rity jail w "Whst iu tot the he;r>n war of P»CThat a ix* ths t-h- c e teafooi tfc wcrdi lit ihaeseftthiiacU daises 0be so. sac •« isecsirceac ef ureilea feesTcn, the. a^itve ifuc , peace wih andbel^roj and .ac i>ocrbseu* IfcalnsUhoet5lrty. til btiked."Bourxl byj hope* with five in. ^e< r"W t^e blel bite, we:«oi|vownjerjea a«k t^<» cot echo lUrstaay to>oa, JBtPtf. JKeepybtn ' reader|wot< ejeeover rh cfloteices w:Catchthe life, std i^r rv^pas*. Y<v tiie-m, th* GAll thi? jf brirg hbjrml|15U! CO pj»p?r to thi intuits, ardf thisKepubli11:^ oondil cal—;i> n-t has time to 1 merits etnWe 'all' b knowao W new elenwu van ari*$\ '•! race cf ftu«.We print! her daii^hlfollowing l| account ofF B I I N HI wsBtryml can m\ thl tiort*.We have| feel tha<rich, an«l td camuug it if "we have h •we haveWe bn\ el eeo^aenceof diuon—evej land beui>r^much severe scrutiny and some muttered spelling, he being flung overboard, and might not, on a second likeat last mastered xhe directions on the package, and pro- occasion, escape so easily. He gave him a few shakesceeded to open it with the air of a man who at length to settle this advice in.hie memory, and then politely from the sea, on which its mountains are visible to a art'ele in yow iB*u« of this day, *nti<W, u. Our Irish knew what he was about. I ventured to inquire what assisted him into the dory, whioh the Skipper was great distance, naturally attracted the attention of the SoidiTS." The 09th Regie;ent of New-York 8Atetator, lying flat upon his face, a fine view of the The only true philosophy of getting wet is to get yawning abyss, but trembles so perceptibly uponsoaked. Moist clothing brings a hesitating discom- its insecure foundation as to detract materially from the enjoyment of the scene.fort; but in feeling that every thread is drenched,these is a kind of desperate satisfaction. So, leav- Passing the two patches of " old" snow, whiching the leaders in their dismal retreat, we went out proved banks ten rods across and more than mU the driving rain, feasted for an hour upon the three feet in depth, at 11 o'clock of the fourth dayBoston, and Miss ADDIE M. SMITH from Derry, N. into his pan, which was already s'zzling with fat, aud ae if be had forgotten something, stood up in the Stern by the English. There is a picture of tbe ruins of this discipline, it is to be boped tbat chie note has been takenwas in the wind. He answered, with his wonted brev. holding alongeide.Ity and directness, "Flapjacks." • The fellow appeared to be somewhat abashed by theBy the time the flapjacks were concocted and the Assyrian's parting injunction, and for a moment hung and English explorers^ According to some accounts, a Baron Renfrew (es he, wi'.b commendable d^hcacy,.preferred to be called) on the day of hia arrival in this citv.If iu thus absenting themselves from that parade, the bers of our party—Mrs. M A R K L . B L U N T from them. The old. man poured a quantity of the batter fident air, and, calling to his companion to baok water,, flourished for five years or more, till it was destroyed 69th Regiment committed the lesst breach of miliiarybers to take hum to my old woman ?"We lay-to till the Skipper returned, and then made aPenobscot, Pasf-amaqu ddy, Micmac, and other tribesquestion the vuloe of so expensive a toy yet, every then, taking the frying-pan in your hand, throw the one end to the Other was white with foam. There can- Decert was made by Abraham Somes, in 1761, from individual actuary enlisted in ,thit service, is. no doubt,flapjack into, the air iu such a way that it will turn a not be a finer sheet of water in the world than this whr.m the Sound, &t the head of which he built bis bc'nnd to foJow the drom, up and down Broadway,somersault and come down soft side into tho. pan. Reach, which is bounded on every Bide by superb house, is to this day locally known as Somes's Sound. aid tbrough all the dangerous paaees and defiles in the citv. ;parently by the action of tne water, and its high, lively haddock weighing four pounds. This was Our apprehensions were groundless. The landlordyour exuberant loyalty ; we held aloof; we declined toterminated, we found about a dozen young ladies ar- rayed in pantaloons and long leather boots, hard at work digging clams, which they pat into" baskets aud earned on their shoulders to a large scow lying in theTh6y were a lively set -of damsels, and had a pleas-antpropensity for playing practical j)kes upon eachother of rather a rough sort. We amused ouriselvee us something to drink., by watching their [gambols and their labors, and byone, and rendered still more so by the'cry of soone At 2 p. m. it was high tide, and the. Skipper, who seme whisky?"' "No." "Brandy?"- "No."on my call, nor does any earthly blessing appear torious *'we" 1 Is it the Editors Hurpers' Weekly Journal of Civilization ? Ycu have given us noth- ing—nothing: that I can think of but hard- words- Eogliea'in education, p litics, opinions, you but repro- duce, io a eiluted but still noxious foraj,"tbe prejudices, calumnies, and malice of tbe English press, in whose ciS'-off id'.as you are content to clothe yourselves. Do you mean by ''ice" the people of tbis Republic ? Who gave you authorvv to speak in their name ? Be- tween the people of this Republic and the Irish ra:e witbin its limits no ciftiucticn can exiet. The Irish- born citizens of the United States are as muchcitiz3ns ta >ou;> as much an integral part of the American peo- ple; as much entitled to speak and act en behalf of the American Nation &a you. Tiiey are, each of them, now what your,father or,grandfather vr&\an immi- grant. The/Irish imnrigwint may be poor, and edu- cated enly to coarse U.il Be is none the lees useful onv that accour t than yonrself. ' He gives, in hie lifetime,, to this nation the- labor of his hinds, and he Is paioV for it. You give the labor of your brains, J?nd you are paid for it. Look well that you, in your way. couiri- hr.te-noleessolidhelp,anddonomoremischiefto the Republic than he. In y ur-yef, ha w rough, uncouth, aLd inelegant, for yon nav* l-arued too »e«dily to look d<Avn wi n aristocratic hanghtiDesd on the pK>biean iu- duairy tint hardens the bjj.no «ud brings the' dust and sweat of hone*t toil upon tbe brow. Tbinkyou this na- tion would be what it is to-dny but for the coming ofnnfeelirg letter-writers, ano a very few local papers. "Ale?—cider?" "No—nothing of tho kind." The have be.*n wanting to my felicity., In this situation, Ithat he is " making a speculation out of this," .,and had been on shore [seeking jfor a pilot, came on boardwas dry as the Sahara, and we had no alternative f" keeping people from settling in Kansas." Shame on with one of the D^er .Islanders, a. singularly qoeer- deacon was inflexible, and we went to bed in a state oft a t to limp down the canon for half a mile. In the heartless man Who invents euca a cry withoat in- looking ftllow, wfco had offered for half a dollar to something more than an hour, each bearing two vestigation, and thoee who do investigate, take hold navigate the sloop• through the 'channel. We hoistedcops filled to the brim, we again reached camp. My wi:h all tbeir might with Mr. Hyatt. The people ofcompanion had barely strength to articulate that he the connties referred to have been leaving at the rate of sail immediately, and, with a boisterous wind, werethe most perfect sobriety. -Next morning after breakfast we hired of the deacon fourteen. O man! place not thy conldence in thiaThe Caliph Abdalrahman must have been hard would only repeat the walk to save his dearest Mr. Hyatt and those human men have Who are dry-shod but a fewihours bdfore. It was a sufficiently side of the island which we had satisfied ourselves by to please.; For my part, I can confidently say thatvwo hundred a week for a lonj? time, aud one object soon scudding over the places on which I had walktdnmre, to convey us to Bar Harbor on the north-eastinquiry of the deacon's guests was the best place to during our cruiee I enjoyed at least twice as manyhappy days as fell to tbe lot of Ms Majesty duringfriend from dying; I succeeded in gasping out an workir g -with him is to keep our settlers.here! . Theyinjunction to take precious care of the costly fluid, don't want- to go, but unless assistance comes they perilous passage. Tnere was little enough water any-step at. A drive of several miles oyer a rough moun-s»d we sank npon the ground in utter exhaustion.,,. must go or starve!! The real condition of Sonthern where, and the channel was diver jified by huge patchesBut the strong tea, as usual, revived us all, and Kansas cwonot be exaggera*ed! Go to the Minister of rock, some sunken and others rising to the surface. tain-road. brought us to Someeville, a village at the. Ids whole reign; and such,- I am sure, would bew e started on, just as the clouds broke, revealing, of the Gospel and to the Physician, to whom such Our new pilot, instead of attending to his duty, gave bead of a broad sound which runs up into the island the avowal, on t.heir part, of my friends the Profeesor,in wondrous beauty, the mountains behind, with people open their mind. and heart, aud they will tei} himself wholly up,to the contemplation of a. heap of from the ocean, ton or twelve miles. Hore we diued tie Artist, and the Assyrian.their narrow canon walls, opening out. upon theyou stories of Southern Kansas that will melt the heartat the house of a publican, who was also a sinner, far,"being a Democrat, he h&d tho Maine Law at defiance,great, dreary prairies, beyond. w a s taken Suddenly and violentlyOne of the ladies ill; but, after aof anjthkg bu: a stone .11! Tn the west—especially/ in Riley,Bea-cucumbere, the, fruit of the Professor's dredging, which lay on deck.! He, was very voluble when he first came on board,' but the moment his eye Jlighted on theseFROM THEROCKYand openly gloried in the impunity with which he dailylit of vomiting, recovered with, equal abruptness. Wabonsa, I>avis, and Clay C6unties-r-we have had strange ahimtsle h^ was struck dumb with astonish- violated it, though he had been repeatedly hawrasB.ad Correspondence of The N. Y. Tribune.4», drenching our blankets, and then turning to But very little wheat was raised, and that now sells Hng, smelling, and touching with histongue. Mean- forest where nothing, living was visible but squirrels, regaid to Mining, Climate, Soil, andProductions iu this kafl. Before 9 o'clock, Mr. Beach began to pay the for $2 per buehel. Scarcely a garden vegetable has time we were running at a farious rate amid'rocks and. rabbits, partridges, and an occisional eagle soaring part of the Rocky Mountains. I have ot e or two cor-penalty of his exposure and fatigue, by a digressing been grown; and although in the Sprit'g corn sold for20 cents per bnthel, it was very Dearly all disposed of; shoals, which the old pilot at the helm was avoiding us overhead. We passed no house nor sign of humanxfeenmati&n, which drove him from his bed, and now i^ sells in our streets for $1.' A3 I ride around best he could, until the anxious 8kipper, forgetting in handiwork, except a ruined mill, near which, as wekept him up, writhing in pain, during the whole tbrough this country it makes my heart ache to see the alarm for our safety his habitual poiiienees, touched deecended a steep hill, the harness of our conveyance \ doing much better now than they were, partly on ac- thousai ds tuch as he 1< Hud ail I'ieh immigrtut* be»3a night, but fortunately disappeared with daylight's amount of destitution in. many families. They must count of their polvfrizing tho quart/. Iker^ but princi- graduates of Oxford, where would be now vourfarms,return. - have help from some source or ihey will perish. The the new-comor with; his foot, and told himtoget.up broke. The deacon's mare, which up to this moment pally because.they are uping copper plates coated with rereads, canals andc ties of the Wtst? This nation sick poor have no money with which to procure neces- and mind his'business. had been the moet amiable and exemplary of animals, quicksilver in their amalgamators. This discovery owesIn the morning the ice was lying upon the ground sary medicines, and of course no way 01 paying phy- now manifested a frightful perversity of disposition. was recently found out, and copper-plate immediately owe to so thick that we could gather it by handsfoll. picians. A donation from some of our large Eistern He rose reluctantly to hia feet, his eyes still fixed on Af<er a, vigorous attempt to run away, which was went op to $50 per pound. I wibh to give you a few haveThough we all wore, like Cassius, " a lean and drug-houses of the. ordinary drags needed in this cli- the eea-cucumbors, exclaiming, j.f Lor-a-mighty, goah **hungry look,'* our scant larder could only afford mate of intermittent diseases would be most thankfully uin6ty, what ar ye goin to do with them ?"t o each a single small biscuit, a piece of meat some- rtceiyed—say from Schieft'elin & Co., Tilden &, Co., " Cook 'em," eaidlthe Assyrian, who had been eye- what larger tnan a silver dollar, and ample draughts or others; for the physicians hav.e been magnanimous,baffled by turning her -head into the bushes that liued general figures for people in tho States to ponder over. tbey have doue the work. If it has paid them goodthe, road, sbe suddenly stood stock still, and commenced * It is estimated thao 200,000 persons have been in yv«gee, tbey hive eam*d those wages well.kicking with both, of her hind legs, with.a force, pre- these mountains this year, for the purpose of making We of iho Irish race aro not hore ou charity, or « f tea. A t 5 o'clock, leaving our packs behind, w e and. have devoted their eDtire time with a mere pit- ing the ftllow with intense dieguajt, " and; if we get on cision, and rapidity that resembled .more the working money. It h»s cost'each person, on an average,.to sufferance, or toleration, but of right. The selfsametance as remuneration; but tify have to pay money the rocks we'll cook you.. So you had better look out TOsomed the march in excellent spirits. We were for medicines, and this cannot always last. A Relief sharp."' • : •"; . , '.\r-;[of a powerful machine than anything of the animalcome and go, $150; and the figures will stand thus:right tbat your ancestors had, though they may have come in the Maj flower. The iatd lay barren and useless to man waiting\for the labor that should give itlifeandfenility.That1iborwohavecouietogive. We have ccise to help to bu 1 i up a free republic, not for3ouruse.alone,butfor<u-solvesand,ourchildren..i n a dense forest of pines and firs; but vegetation Committee has been formed iu this county, and an ex- ceasessoabruptlythatintenminuteswestood amination—averysuperfi.rialandpartialon«—hasSon the open, barren mountain-side, with no green- leen made, and we have reaolfed to take care of our ngaboutusexceptafewflowersj&nd,bedsof owndestitutecitizene. Manyofthemseriouslyneednature. It was admirable to witness, but extremely Thehintwastaken,andtheialapder,withdrawinginsinconvenienttosubmitto.Inaminutethefrontpart200,OCO person* at $130 each Therohaanotboonseinedover...B<0u:ic.o ufjhhut tho miner*... Bulnucoogulwstou-ohminor......$30,000,000 I0,c00,0o0.$M,C00.()OO; $100.gaze fremthe sea-cucumbers, glanced at the surroand of. the wagon was dashed to spliuters, aud the Artist -wJvet grass among the rocks. a loan to save their property from the hands of greedy Ing waters, and presently guvs to our old Pilot some and I, Who occupied the front soat, the Artist driving,This is exclusive of quartz mills, which' have not You say wo u e •• b'-eei/ed in iguorauce and auper- speculators to whom it is-mortgaged.. If some good, directions how to steer. Here a new difficulty arose.' were both badly bruieed. -Wo jumped out, and soon paid au> better in proportion to ex penses. Quartz stiticn.". XI Irishmen be itinerant, it is no fanh of theirThe remainder of tKe ascent is very abrupt.; W e noble-eouled capitalist would send an agent or come The old man did not'eomprehend the terms used by the quieted th* mare, though not till the Uaruess was broken mills at Bowlder lends have entirely stopped on account o%vn, but tho fatal result < f that British misgovern-fallowed the line, which in the distance had ap- this way. with money to loan at from 10 to 20 per cent new comer, and for awhile great confusion and uproar iu half a dozen places.peared like a path, but which proved to be a deep, on first-clats security, it would be a godsend to many raged on the [sloop, wh-ich seemed likelyenormous gorge, more than a mile in width! The who next year will find themeelves homeltas. As we woro yet three or four miles from Bar Har-of an oily stone in the quartz that prevented thom from mrnt which tbey are not inolinod to forget, aad of th«saving the gold. details of whilh you are, no doubt, profotindlyThe* climate in the mountains is cool. Where I have ignorant. By. their superstition, you wean thattheysoBumt seemed-very near; but we toiled on and on,to terminate only in her! going" to' pieces bor, ard there was no HCUKO for several miles behind spent the season, two milea from the Snowy Kaage, are Roman CJathoiirs. They still worship Cbd in thoMany letters go East denying Mr. Hyatt's statements, on tho rocks. The two pilots grew angry and excited, us; and w e had not a particle of cord or string with Us and oant of the Middle Park, tho mercury has not stood form iu which all Cbiist^ndom worshiped uj> to 300l o r noun, often climbing the sharp rocks upon our and warning the people against this speculati m I There and bawled their mutual wrath at) each other from the over 70'-' in the ehade at noon. The. water and air tiro years a«o. In tbat same foi m, France, Austria, Sar-Bands and knees. The rarity of the atmosphere are those here, too, who say, knowing how terrible is with which to mend'the harnees, we fouud ourselves olfar aud nure; bnt, either because theairis so light., or diiiiu, Sicily, Spain, Belgium--139,000,000 of UOULJ— tendered itVnpossible to go. more than a hundred the destitution, " we muet not lwt the East know thi?— adverse ends of the hresBel, tUl the Skipper interposed, in something of a dilemma. Junt at this moiusnt a for the want of vegetable diet, or both, a person ouuuOt "WiMShip Htitl. » 'feet without jHuj?ing for breath; but in the grand "it will stop emigration,, and kill Kansas 1" Not so. and took up6n himself the part of1 interpreter. wagon, tiie first we hud seen during the day's ride; do over two-thirds the work he can in the Statee. The SuperstitioH is tlie shadow of all strong faith.' aeenery we forget our fatigue aad remembered ©ur As I said before, Mr; Hyatt and his cooperat?>rs are do- Por a little while every thing went well enough, till approached from tho direction of Bar Harbor. There place where I nxn writing is 10,000 feet above the level Neither knowledge nor ignorance can claim exemption; ing all In their power to save our citizens from goingWeariness no more. The ladies seemed imbued East. Hundreds of families within my knowledge the irrebistible se^-cucumbers again attracted the were two men in it, .who stopped as'they came to the of the sea, and a p*uk on the range two milea from from the disease. But it was well he questionedwith new life, and at one point astonished us by waging, in full, strong voices,**TbJa U tbe way 1 i0Dg have iooeht, And moarnod D«eafc«« I found It not."j p n j jy£j QinQQl io4ic*ted the fe&wfe of t U 'wxmld go east, had they the means to travel, uuleas Islander's attentionl Quitting his here is 14.400 fett, by measurement made this Summer. jpoat at the bow, ho scene of our disayter. The-Assyrian uttered an excla- Wo have bad frusta about one-quarter of the nighiathey were assured, that aasisjtance would come to xa in ran to the heap, and fell again ou his knees to examine mation, and sprang forward with outstretched hands. this Summer. Bain has been seasonaMe. some shape or other.whether any superstition of Irish Catholics i» as pest- ilent as was witchbnrning of old or Spiritualism, Mor- nioniein. or Free Love, the noxious ottshoot of New-The terrible drouth by. which Kansas has be*n them, asking at the! same time a volley of incoherent They were classmates of hie, whom he had not seen by. which Kansas has ,The soil is rioh almoBt to the top of the mountains. Englana thought.'BwargvU-Oiere M a g hoexi ia nan/ wnotin M raia questions, xkt> jrrjtoWd Sfyjpr, EOkiii^ hjm, by Utf••*., The gulchec are covered with timber. Spruce, pine,u You say you. have let us have-our priests and onr:JL- 4^>Tyr^v^>«v^W^**^ +<&»mmter animal is now rarely met with. For this reason, it is not incredible that you have Tbe sublime and .romantic appearance of the island really thought a* fflfberalh ae yoa have written, in anMilitia, com3« sed, h Sf-em^raain y, or wholly, of Irish- earliest European navigators on our coast, and it fig men, declined to parade with the rest of the First Divi- ures prominently in the narratives of the first French pion, on the occasion of the military reception »iveu toFrench colofty and miaeion was established tlwre asOf late years, Mount Desert bas become a favorite resort for artists and for sea-side Summer loungers.views. Par before us, on the right,rose the blue sum-mit of Isle Haut, as the early French navigators named" I>o it!" rejoined the confident Ae-yrian; <l I can do it-—a mountain rising from the waves. Before us the Bot it needs the hand of caltivated taste for the full head Court Martini opposite Barnuu's. ia Broadway,sokes, to reflect on the attitude of the Irish race La tbia himuelf with something more beating than water, ne hoisted sail with a fair wind for Edgemoggin R«ach country."' This sounds like a menace, and yoa meantherefore meekly aeked the landlord ,if he couldn't give and thence back to Portland and Swampscott, where it as such. You say: 'have diligently numbered the days of pure and genuine happiness which have fallen to my lot; they amount-toa ontrhorse wagon, and a quiet looking baastof a present world !"/OttCvheieit^lkge,yumhaw; aadwhom,ho featf •&$ bai^m,fixgr°wW%$fa ^KA^l •AntarxaammUntitled Documentwww.fultonhistory.com.-'MOUNTAINS.-1 MAMMOTHCITY,Sep).17,I860.-;I wieh to say a few words through your paper inrections to make in. my letter to you under date of Sept; (>. -Quartz mills at Gregory's and vicinity are1 ••• • m i•WM_i—®» ^» ^V >*«kttrvhe«."jNvluo. W«wonjaipUvd h«roj i* *«<^correct or not.S. H. Ewenr., .Of Romeo M*eomb Co., Miehfeaa. •** -.cw-^atv^.^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 