 ,m,•w —"—^—••-"W""'attended mans. I V fsaperor Wlendted team atKa^-r. Tb*- Rasperer, a?eosBpjiate»t by a namero• j suite, t on. and orerCoWing with poetry aad eloquence, was aM 4 MTIK: by g«n«.*rDH, *unt to eboeih on root. Tbe « r:i|.:e r..m.age rendered to the memory of tba poet? mentary institutions.gkeptror havjig espreateu annt-yaaea an b e n e greeted wtte «»«• of "Vive l'Ik*p>'re.iri*' he *an k£ow*l to pas*, w t crowd kerp»g respectful [•ilenee {IV Protestant •avert *'LS attended dtfias bcrv.ee , i | :1M Lithei-aa1It is true that the Emperor Xa-eleen labors to promote the greatness and tie prosperity of France with r.imeat unlimited power. Bnt that pow-r it is the nation that has entrusted him with. Is there throughout Germany a single prince who can be looked upon as the represent v tive of the nation, elected, as Napoleon ID , by iiniversal suffrage?to send into the Grant D-tchy of Poses incendiary pro- ciamatioee; that they paid for the printing of them ia England that they caused them to be distributed to sus- pected person*} m order to afterwards seine them, and show the ardor [of its seal to the detriment of some sub- jects of the King of Prwasia.seut to any lessening of Savoyard [territory in favor af Swttzermed, altboagh she accepts the- European Confe- rence on tbe question.A grand agricultural exhibition was progressing ia Pa rs, and a rumor was current tint tie Emperor wnoM make a pacific speech on the occasion af tie distributioa of tbe prises.th, i r»c4 Duke ef Ihurnwmdk arrived bi Baden oa Frt-^ . aMi alighted at toe Bovai ufSarope, wh.ch brmg* th*wUgNr of .*wver*-.fna assemble*! bare upko eleven. Triefcrst4rxs»a*Iktrostadt, waofluaJieU at tbe old <:.t-:!e due > tie Qemiant to eater on tie rath of uaity. StatesThat PuitkamWr. Bssrensprung and their acvximpltoes, by dint of soliditations and importunities, obtained frompbirtu. aad pair, and, without snadasted b y a waiter to tbe King anew. Aa mm laapefar entered,aa valet'* ana, main out of his (Ibe Stag of Baaovw is Mt#d )ing himself, fM " r's aparttaxes in an inverse ratio with their fortune)*longed to the police 1totterof July 19, l&fl).xvn.itai^a.-rs ixditelv wttbdr-w toapartment. jnot recog any person could be ad Tief waiter then anThese functii •ies leagued against public peace, de-nounce to lie ! idon committee at one time the nobilityand'the clergy 1 'eh 16,1360!, at another the nobility alonewho, they say,] always incorrigible and ready to sellthe country; at another the deputies of Posea: thm PrinceCzartoriski; next the whole body of landowners (Dec. 7,1850). They hull up to the hatred of emigrants all the At a council of Ministers, held yaaterday, st Fontaine I'plandsculty in making bimseif understood. They tbiak that •f Bavaria and of Wurembers w!I! remain here to take the natural allies pf tbe Emperor Francis Joseph are at las savers. Tbe Grand Duke of Weimar will probably Rome ai:l at V:tpies, rather than at Dresden or Berlin,squads. Tbe fifteen or twenty great landholders who pay tbe first 100,000 francs between them form '.he first class of electors; the se wnd consist of the two or three h wdredto content these three Prussian functionaries, it was ne cessary that tie Italians should hoist the red flag before "Napoleon bad interfere*! in the affairs of Italy." For what interest did they recommend such criminal madusss What profit did they expect to derive from it for Italy, for France, or even for Prussia No one knows.On the 21st of May they thanked the committee for having sent them—guess what—the process for making Orsini bombs. [ We shall not ask what use they would make of tbem, and why they wished to have them sent. We know that those gentlemen were not conspirators bat police offic Doubtless their intentions were pore: assuredly their \ ily idea was to warn the Emperor Na Pol--on of any da T, and it was in that spirit that thev added to their letter this postscript:—-'Will aot the*jaoi) «nd Hanover will leave in a few days. The kingsaavtbt tirand Ducneisa of Geneva.pa^rTbe Grand 1Hikes of Blwiep and of Weimar andi t M e oftiaxe-Goburgand Ootlut, wh • irere not present st tbeConfereace of tbe (bur Mings, and of the Dukes of Kaasa and of Darmstadt, bekl a>« onforenc- of their own at ae Cattle during tb*- day. Tae kings seem to have had a«a:'«reno' already on the ltitli. between the vi-it which Me K>ag of Wortomberg maqe to tb* Emneror ta the —mat aad those of the kinks, which; took place afteraveeJorfc.and that the imperial throne would perhaps be better persons who pay the next 100,000 francs. All the otherTba Kiag of Wurtemberg laformedas might be traversed ia a two hours' march, and which,son-rounding the lake of Geneva, would forma bulwarkbetween Switzerland and France. Tie Swiss diplomaticagents abroad are charged to recommend a similar combi- end of ihegAUautic Cable ; 'and remove its landtag piaee.BSa military coaventioa, wbicb adopu at »early aa pas- of really Germanic monarchies; consciences are there dblt the Prussian v«ews oa aattiary orgaaisatioa, aad her more free, enlightenment more widely spread, political •eassabj respecting refcrms. gisMajeatf, in oonclusion. "rights more exclusive than in moat other German States.dales presented to him by the nobility, the universities and the large towns. The upper Chamber baa never bees recruited from other sources—on the one hand birth, on the other tbe monarch's choice. Therefore does it en- tertain a premeditated hostility against any democratic orHungary. hi Germany, ha Prussia, perhaps even in France,and as far as in Poland. The treason of Napoleon hasopened the eyes of all tie world, and there are no op cially by England who has already taken the initiative inILJtbai the federal govtsranieajts oa their part expected that Prateia troakt take t-ooolaiory stepa u> retereace toThe Graad [Hike of Baden thai said that this declarat :vri at b s Maicaty the King of Wtirtambarg oonid not be made a tbe same of ail tbe federal governmenta, as several nu • u>L11imsaislillinttillraprtt»tatflmnlmi ieaujveioibeaaidmiJri»arycoatea»ieav BadeaTcould not mve bar atihereaee to tbe Purasaut propostj*.Tlae La«t FreacM Imaartavl Matatifesto.H. A»t>i-r'a raarHLbT ON t'BiSsi A. I. l 'It is she who, by founding the Zolrerem. paved tie waylor free trade: therefore the people of Germany lore Prua-sia. They behold ber progress with sympathtxing admi- even simply liberal measurer It rejected by a large ration aad filial interest: it ia to Prussia they would ap-peal for succor if bay peril were impending; it is to herthey would entrust, iu preference, tie glorious task of tutionalunity. Wareshetomakeophermindtoplaythepart of Piedmont the whole af Garmanja, witi tbe excep-tion of tbe princes aad squirearchy, would batten to re-move the obstacles in her way.pressed nations but soon look for their deliverance. 'We know not how to interpret such language; one might think it sincere and in good faith. If it were per- nutted to suspect Prussian bureaucracy we should say that the bureaucrati; Mio wished death to the Emperor ^apoleon, and endeavored to render him an inject of sus- piciontooppressednatiws,andtoexcitetiedenucratsagainst the empire.But if thae hypothesis had a shadow of truth we shouldnot dare to quote the feJlowUig phrase, for It would be a crime:—What is going on ia France4 Will th-re not be a se coad Ursim- Are not the republicans about to attempt something to overthrow the tyrant—August JO, 1SJ0.God forbid that we should carry up the responsibii ty of those iaprudehces ten far. The polite itself his been more unskillful than guilty, for it has not been able to conceal its mmt set ret papers from the vigilance of honest men. But the Prussian government will do wi tely to di-a similar proposal,^but which demanded a far more con siderable territorial cession."T m r t o e y .MARSCILLBS, June 21, I860.The follow ing advices from Constantinople to the lGth icsthavebeenreceivedhere,andareforwardedunder reierve:—Sanguinary disturbances had taken place in Altenia. The dragoman of the Austrian Consulate had been assassi- nated at Scutari.The Albanians, in virtue of their privileges, dating from tiie time ef tokander (Alexander). bad refused u> pay the taxes or to contribute to the uouacriptiuu, both of which tie Ciristians refused to bear alone.It was rumored that a despatch had been received an- nouncing the outbreak of an insurrection at Smyrna, and the assassination of public functionaries; but the correct ness of this news was doubted.Tbe steamship Etna, from Livirpool fifth, via Queens- town 27th nit., passed Cape Race st half past seven o'clock this morning She was boarded by the news boat of t i e press and a summary of her news obtainedThe steamship Etna reports, June 2d, passed ship Fidelia,boundIn. TbesteamshipCityofBal.imers arrived at Queenstown June 27 July l passed Amerieaa ship Mediator, bound east..The steamship Parana sailed for Sew York at t,iue o'clock this morning. She reports experiencing heavy westerly gales ou the passage.The following despatch is male up from tiie s&mmaries by both steamers.THE SICILIAN REVOLUTION. All was quiet in Sicily.France aad Ibe Emperor have] no otbee feel mg* thanthatof friendship towards the German nation. After the squirearchy; Bathing more was wanting, the national Im-Court of Berlin responsible for the violence of the German press. It Is not we who will ever request the Prince o' Prussia to ^ag hit subjects, even when they insult us: but it ia open to us to remark that if the Sleek or the Opimme Satiunale expressed itself In offensive terms with regardt !•^•••Wmmmmmmmm^^5'or account, aw e?vi-bullion of £303.032.It was authoritatively .tusounoed tiat tie asw B mienloaa would be Introduced :B aTew days by Measr? Bar tog Bros. It was expected to anaasnt to iS^MO000 ster- ling, m a 4;« percent, stock.t TnnHiiit riiiengi) fnmiaitnr had nsnhri 1-from taeowkdal list af securities the shares o( tie BUM-Do ycu it ,r. it that theae aolema flux, that popular emo-pier than we are, thanks to the benigoant laf :ence of a libera! goverement and to the blissful harmony of parlia-bad them transjated into French by a sworn translator, resulting from the final act of Vienna referring to tie neu- and they prove 1— tralized dtotrf<rts of Faaetgny and Cttblaia X. Tiauvenel.provement, which visehe ked I r *•« -> . , it was above and beijre all the outbreak of a nation which, dinded fw oeatnriea, seised tbe tint pretext, a miieiubrance, a ilery, a name, to becew again united. TV.Thee let Gentany be reun.ted; France bat ao mora ar- d<-»t or dearer w ah. for she loves tbe German nat tin with d * mtevated lava If we ware aateeatad with that vulgar ambition of which its princes aceuie at we should pot in-money. Conaoto cloaed at 9 3 ' , a % That the Prussian pol.ee excited the London ci-nm,ties in conclusion, diatmctly hints that France wdl aetScon- dead. Tie weeklyplaced at the foot of tbe Appenaines than on the Daaks of tbe iMoabe.citizens paying the direct lax—that is to say, from 2,000 to 3,000 persons—form the third. Each of these three 1tastes assemble separately, and appoint an equal number of electors—six, for instance, in each class—and the eighteen electors meet in their turn to proceed to the election of a deputy. Hence it follows that not only the working classes have no hope of being represented in Parliament, but thatNIW TOKK HERALD FRIDAY, JULY 6, 1860.-TRIPLE SHEET.' II |l, |, „ I |i III II "'tlmay *he form a body so compact that the idea if etv totweeathreeandfourto-day(Sunday)atonfTenee eraachingnpoaitwillneverprateatitself.France,M b*.<tattbeHoteld'AagteCeir*,:atheIngolBuvaria's nam*. »t wbxb were p e w i t tbe four Sing- tbe Grand pa-«flarm-tadl,amitbeDaleofNaamu.thaiistonay MMsurer* .gas of ibe Statca * b» * --re refreiMnted at taeWuxaburg Conference >a Vevember test.tbe Emperor paid ha visit to; tbe three kaigv IDK this union? Two great States enter the list*—Pr-.iais and birrhem equal in the eyes of the tax gathererf Are ence with the Louden committee, swearing to Maz/iuiat the Hotel d Aagleterre, tbe Ming of Hanover and Anstria. the privileges of tbe nobility abolished? Is such a thing that Rewitt had been betrayed by the Polish nobitity was eat. At four P. M. be drove up to tbe botei in a Aastra represents the doctrine of Diviae right, ta its not to be met with a« great territorial magnates who pay (letter of Jury 5. 1850), and that many of tbe noV.es be-1 IwhichseeswithoutapprehensionaaItalyof36,000.000 coBstiluted ta the south, would not fear to see 32,000,000 ofGermanformagreatnat.ononhereasternfrontier.it beforehand, and because no Frenchman has a right to persons as possible; that they at length arrested h.tn refuseit.IsthecanesimilarinPrussia?Dothepro- andhadhimcondemned*totwoyears'imprisonment.the prayers of tie church in his dtoeess for fair weather. TheCyiniontXatimakandtheCbarierdePart*hadreceivedwarnings(tiesecondtoeachease)forpublish icg a speech of Victor Hugo's.Apamphlet,withthetitle "MaeMabon,KingofIre land,'' had made its appearance in Paris.The death of Prince Jerome was expected at any mo ment.It was said that M. Thouvenel was about to issue a diplomatic circular, divulging, to a certain extent, lie re suit of tbe meeting st Baden.ijTBBroot., JuneIS, 1*60 Ono*.—TieBrokers'Circularsays:—'Tierjrusrureto realisehascontinuedmass1st daring tinweek,al-though the extent of demand has shown mere coattaeace ontiepartofbeyerathanbaalatelybeenexpertrneed, more especially, however, o-om the export buyers. Prices of American have made fartherward, and a general decline of -,dsubmitted to, with occasional irregular"»»greater reduction." The quotations for fair qsa'.itSes are not altered from tost news l i e sales ef Ms week foot up 02200 bales, including ijS— ea speculation ami 17JOS for export. Tie hnaiiiam to-day was about tsoso bale*—3,000 on speculation and for export—at uncbaagwl prices. Tbe follow tug are t i e authorised quotations —most abeuluteYtgor. Pehtictl aad religions despotism, ab-uegatioa of all the right- of the people, the most enormousconcessions to clerical authority, a blmd worship of thepast aad%a oto-tmaie hatred oi all progress, these are t u tbe Emperor; but to tbe nation. Does the Prussian army worm eaten baaea of the Austrian monarchy. Uponijfciif tbe Emperor,raiiud without betaf•aanesd *Ibe KMpefar of tbeTbe Emperor bad brought «f the Leg--* of Honor, wh. • clerk at dinnMr,-t * bavtDg t V King ©fm fou to tail upas tbe Ibibwerre. brutality of the soldiery, inspires but little sympathy toCa« word reapatting tba Ki ; of Hanover He srrived the Gemma nation. As tone as the hegemony of the favor him with their silence, M for the right it re-.retired.b bim the Grand Cordon tbe King wore at live1t i n Emperor proceededthese foundations, oa which a disjointed empire is totter iag, shall we try to build up the great Germanic editicer An the architects in the universe would accuse our imThis artificial empire, a patchwork of the mmt diflTerent aatkjBS, formed by marriages and family compacts, with- out The consent of the peoples it annexed, preserved to itsofficial inspiration.Orleans MobileM r . MidHimt. 1\a. « * d . Tjkid. » * d . 7d. SVd-«, lodged ia a bouss iBtegrity by the severity of the poHee or the sanguinary around a prince who is achieving great things, just a*At Manchester there has V e n a fair business doing,*vmU:tiy at Berlin oa tb in strict German ilataa remained in the bands of ths Hapsburgs mains intact, aad the French people, armed with the a**) tb«' i r.Bt<- Eageat if balaofildailOw bua'toattend they governed tie aaairs of a nation in a dyuastio inte- right of petition, will always be able to claim it in fitting tat Caafereni* at Ba4*.n, The Prince Rfjeat repiied Uwt rest emi>avoring to proeurje the aggrandisement of Aus time and place, if the Emperor should forget to restore it It baa neabt: - pow»r to allow bor declina—the Conference tria at tie expease of Germany. Ue the day when the to them. Public writers st Berlin are perhaps a little M a ft«e uor Tbe K.og of Hanov»r at <mc* notiU'Hl hi* : Germanic spirit, liberal in its easet.ee, eatered on the more free just now than we are in Paris, thanks to the new mif~~ at attending Bad the Pnnoe R.gtnt tUea path of religious reform, Austria placed herself at thetion of 1840 which was drowned by the peasants in tho marily recalls tie circumstances aider which ths annexa- blood of the nobles, thanks to tbe foresight of the Aus- tion was accomplished, viz: the spontaneous cession of trian police. We ask ourselves whether the police of those provinces by the King ot Sardinia and tbe free ex-BBEAOSTrrr?* —The weather continued showery and un- favorable lor tbe crops, bat on t i e whole it sad rather better. Hour inactive andlftW4it it r^Ut to cutamunj^ate the £* i to the Kmg of head of the ultramontane reaction. Sigumiund and Fer- •aiocy dinaml H rivalled the aeat of Philip II. of Spain; Tilly aad The Emperor hat conferred the <Jrand Cordon of his Or Wailensteui served the Court of Rome as harshly as the 4ar «a the Priaoe of Hoheaaollem ^ignuuingea. Duke wf Parma and Alva, llow could Germany possibly m aaMurcd that Ut" Emperor, in nia coavorsatioa forget these rlgtnis when the Emperor Francis Joseph, bywitb tbe kings and otii-r (iertaan aovereigna, rea^wing ; a disastrous coneardat, breaks finally with tae Germtnk: tat pacac aeBuraoces bt- x*v«i to the Ptface Kegfwt, did ! spirit, and places the policy of Austria under Ibe domiuabora toleration of the Prince Royal of Prussia, not because they are relieved of tbe stamp doty, or exonerated from caution money or .surveillance; nevertheless, they have more freedom than public writers in Paris. But what guarantee have they tba*. that privilege will last? What plea could they bring forward to claim it if the hand that gave it chose to take It away ? The difference that exists between them and ourselves is that we lend our liberty to Napoleon III., whilst they borrow theirs from the Prince ofjjjrassia.Efforts are made to persuade tne Germans that we have, allowed ourselves to be cheated out of parliamentary in- stitutions. It is certain that our parliament is greatly changed since l&tS. it is no longer a coterie of from 400,000 to 500.000 persons; it is she whole nation that sends deputies to the Corps Le-<ts!atif. That assembly, elected by universal suffrage, like the Emperor himself, no longer enjoyi the ridiculous privilege of interrupting every moment the dispatch of business, of replacing deeds by tpeecbificatten, union by coalition, public in- terest* by private vanity, the serious progress of a great people by tbe wriggling of a few puny oratorical am- bitions, but it enjoys the unquestionable right of voting all the taxes and all the laws of the empire.Germany are not sisters, like tbe Grecian muses. We pression of the wishes of the inhabitants by universal Quotation* range from 27s. sd. a 30a. ad. WIfeel that the Germanic nation would find but slight ad- suffrage. M. Thouvenel expresses his confidence that dull at Tuesday's decline of Id. a 21. per cental vantage in uniting with the kingdom of Prussia if it such an act, accomplished hi conformity witi the gene finite ucmiportast. Red Western, Ms. lOd. a lis.; white, were to fall into ^ c hands of Puttkammer. Bcercnsprung, rally admitted principles of public right and internation- lis. 6d. a 12s. 10d. Indian corn easier, aad scarcely in- and Post.I ilea or Rome*Nevertbeless. Aiwtria has firieids in the German nation, Before dinner, which took place with the same oeremo tar what suffrages could she reckon if the annexationay Mjesteriiay, at five o'clock, the Emperor wished to take were ever to be pnt to the vote* I look everywhere, but Mve of tLe Prince and Priaceed of Prawsi. bat it ap,ie*r3 can only find a fear princes and the sacred battalion of thetavy aero out. Between asveu aad eight o'clock the Prince squirearchy. The aristocratic party has its reasons for Mrceut, tbe kmics of llanover. Of Bavaria, aim of &xony, loving Austria. Family cadets find a more rapid ad-caJed anceamvety at ?t«pbanii}nbad to take leave. I did vanctment m her service than is that of the other Ger- aotobaerve the King of Wnrt«mberg, ^no, as you are man States where the competition of talent is gBkatar Itaware, s a very old man. ThetEmperor took leave of the is on thm a>-count that tie German nobility, anf partieu mveraiKBS at a privtte party at the Duchess of Him.t kudy that of tbe Cathol.c southern sutea, turns to Austriatsnt after eight o'clock. The JGerman torereigns were as tie magnet to the pole. One single figure will give Ipere uaatteaded. you tie ratio of that affinity:—Wurtemberg numbered, inAt u a o'clock the Emperor,-whom the Grand Done uf 1868, more than 300 officers in tbe Austrian army.faoeo. the members of tbe French Legation at Carisruhe, But the German people properly so called, the indus- tMd ike municipal authorities had accompanied to the trious, eaiighted, liberal people, set no store by Aus- iutrt<n. left by express train (bf dtrasborg aad Puts. tria. They see in her a latent power, in a religious pointVienna, referring to the neutralized districts of Faucigny and Chablats.Bacon is firmly held for lull rates, lard in more itmuad at fully previous rates: sales 350 tons at 57s. a toe., tie tot- ter for choice qualities. Tallow, dd. dearIT for foreign;•M kMicb u p « any other questioaa of g-;aerai poiuiy, noteven upoa that of Italy. [The nolo then proceeds thus:—"Tie good faith of thepolicy of France, and the friendly interest which she has Butchers' Association, 63s. a 53s. sd.If it were requisite to prove by facts the ikdinerence ofGermany to the destinies of Austria, we might be contentto look back at the campaign of 1850. Austria was fight-ing single handed in Italy against France and Piedmont;she was mak.ng heroic efforts to retain under her sceptreaa oppressed province. Awuredly the Germans would the third class, or the great majority of the burgher class, have required no pressing if our soldiers had invaded the will always be in a great minority in the electoral body,French de poleon?'*its soak make an attempt against NaThis was censeijnentry, the second HmereBce lield German fatherland They would have poured down as a and win never send a member to the Chamber. This ex are much astonished that'ibe revolutionary party in Italytorrent to repel tie Franco .Sardinian invaders. But as it plains how it happens that M de Vincke, who sat on tba•wag the day.I %*»«3i,jJuae IS 1340.b veatenlay a coafereace of the sovereyna at the castle at Bailee, the Kiag of Wurtentberg, in the name of the bderat goverement, returaed thaaka for the patriotic re- pre»eaau.oo of the interests of Germany by Prussia. His gftjectf also expressed a deaire that an undarstandingMaUd be brought about between Prussia aad Austria. The sovereigns ofierad their gooa otttyes lor that purbv ber customs laws, tbe spirit of prohibition. Prussia hi order. This latter is composed, first, of noble person- Venice preserved, Puttkammer, Boerensprung and Post pergaaiOen1'si iwsti aaSJeaanty, taisjloas reform, euaaater- ages, who bare a seat ta virtue of their birth ; secondly, shTJwed themselves more MaMinlan-than Mazxini. They that tie Kerssaa govavanaea* *»ere oeeJipled at arawisg •ial progress, constitutional liberalism; she is the greatest of members appointed by the King Out of a list of candi predicted that "revolution would break out in Italy, iuwas merely an Austrian i«Ksession that was in peril they thought it better to took curiously upon the struggle, pre- pared agaiast any emergency aad arrayed with shoulder- ed arms around Prussia, their natural leader.right (i. a, the ounsekeative side) In the Frankfort Par- liament is at present, without having changed his opinions tba most advanced democrat throughout the Prussian Chamber.ing, and all the universe there was only this trio who would feel this astonishment.WJben we carefully peruse this correspondence we are tempted to believe that the authors cntangle*themselves in the meshes of their own nets, and that German since-great Powers a new combination, to be substituted for the stipulations of article ninety two of tbe final act of Vienna. The propositions of the Council commence by stating that after the annexation of Savoy to France, the neutralization of Faucigny and ChBblais would be of noAt the present time especially the Regent of tbe kingdora, HMRoyal Highness the Prince of Prussia, seem* tobe the object of a. worship which borders on fanaticism.The granting of a. few liberties, the manifestation of a are founded on universal suffrage. We do not make the few good intention*, a certain resistance opposed to thepulse contributing, its aid to place this Prince on a pedestal.{rait wars of tbe first empire, Europe, aa second in a berat* duel, hae»g oechtred Mart M* boairof the combsuats was satsbed, they gave each otbea the hand with-tat rancour. Although the aqmia* of Germany had its centre, its rallying point, and nothing could be more to a sovereign net at war witi as, the MtmMevr of the rect their functionaries not to continue in such tortuousWe are happy to discover that German unity has foundagreeable to ut than to behold a nation grouping, iweif empire, or at toast the semi official papers, would has- around a firm and upright mind. If nothing occurs to ten to repair the mischief by severely blaming the delin- pat a stop to the progress of this pacific revolution, it quents.may be hoped that the Princes themselves, carried alongpaths, which are not without danger.The Grard Vizier bad arrived at Fchumla. On his j<> ir- ney thither he dismissed or imprisoned several TurkishIt is true that tbe majority of Frenchmen obey, aade y n witi a certain degree of empreuem»ttt. the orders of tie committee i in London tie sending of an emisciry standing the continuance of ccfaTOrabie weather. A Call ttos to the issuing of shares, ks. ftie cancers was attrn-EiSW iHntr'r *f*ar hL* arrival, 4 tbe salt sovereign who divided asaeeig thaaaeehres are more easy to invade than tne Emperor Napoleon But tiat obedience is eq ial for named Rewitt;Jthat tiey themselves gave a passport ta was also reported la several of tie provincial markets duced into the London market under Americaa,auf picas.uacaru to day is asiurm, wearing h.n Aim -t. Tb-? uci- wben QBited, and diruer ptmr regnor wlD always remain all, as obedience to the law and the payment of taxes. It this unfortunate man; that they allowed him to move2**) su.u Lts.ootoMai agurd much brit-r uuu >U.n the maxim of conquerors. May Germany be united; is a democratic obedience, because all the world has given about freely. in.order Maat he might compromise as many France was such tiat tie Bishop of Reanes had ordered 2M;esftot,Tn.tXd.MBcessubjectedtotbePrussianmonarchye.joy«|oalrij-hti:' Is tbe Grand Duciy of Pogen in posse&.'iion of thesamelibertiesastheMargrav.it>ofBmndecburgf IstieMargravate of Brandenburg ruled by laws as equitable aaWhat German sovereign shall have the honor of faond- tbe Rhenish provinces* In the same provlnsj are nobles not elected. HP did ant the less continue his corresnou IV.It ia true that the French army Is sincerely devoted to t i e chief of tbe State; nevertheless it does not belong toTbe Paris Bourse was dull, and rentes closed on tbe iM atCfl.63.belong to the King or to Prussia?. '-It belongs to the King," said a Minister of one of the Hobenaollerai, a few days since, -• tbe deputies of the nation have nothing to do with tbe army."It is true th_t amongst us the liberty of 'the press is placed under severe restrictions, but tbe right of printing anything or everything ia not confiscated, it is only post- poned. The nation consents to remain silent for awhile• < jFAsn, June 31.1800. The Omirtruitonnil, ia an article signed by im chief editor. M. Graadgufllot. strongly refutes tbe opinion that the pamphlet entitled 'Prussia in lSoO" emanated fromfriends assembled in the closet of a philosopher or a writerX.This being established, ought we to be jealous of theand unchanged; white American 56s. a 4MB. ; red sen. a 58s. Flour30s.a32s.Irondullat£6Tada.ainMa for bars and rails.; Scotch pigs 53s Sugars active, Sd.Tt'- Ormsa tovereigaa at Baden ware hot accoatianied of view; a Sclavonic, Magyar, Italian power, mixedit their Minister*. The almg of Saaovar alone, owing to and doubtful, as far as nationality is concerned. They Prussian constitution? Is the principle of ministerial re- pendence. Tae bureaucratic triumvirate recom M. Prevost Paradol, author of the pamphlet La Attciau dearer. Tea very quiet; Congou Is. fid. sis. 5l;d. Riceka b.jivlce«, was accompanied by a. iejHcimbru^h, bia know that in accepting tbe domination of Austria they sponsibility applied in Prussiaf Not yet. Have tho tjvoy at rrankJbrt. M. de Bumw, Envoy of the Duke of must renounce even a hope of progress ; they see Ohambers the acknowledged right of refusing tbe taxes4 iKkienburfi; Scbweria, was also present, but not in sny Austria closed to German manufactures (for she obsti No. And what are the Prussian Chambers* The tower atcmJ capacity. Moreover, lb* Duke n not here. The ontery remains out of the customs union); they Chamber, which corresponds with our Corps Legislalif, is Due tf Saxe-tfeuiingen, who seems recently to have bear it said that German ideas are severely denied en- recruited by a mechanism far more ingenious than it la <ravs ckwer to Prussia, a n t one of his Court trance at all the gates of Austria; they know that a democratic. No universal suffrage; not even auy electionNvtkint; has as yet been decided respecting the Jepar- Serman,arriviac at tbe German frontier, is as much a at the first stage of the proceedings. Given a " circle or tur* »f tbe Lerman'sovere^as. The Duke of Xa.-s.iu w .11 stranger as a Frenchman, eqoaily suspected of being a arroadtssement paying 300,000 francs direct taxes, for in- aave probably U -day or tomorrow. Tbe kings of dangerous philosopher, and dads almost as much dim stance, tbe rate payers are divided into three inequ.v.mended the commutes to take precedence of him. They Partis, has been sentenced by the! police correctionnellc inactive. Spirits of turpentine held at 31s. Coffee firmVIAustria represents by her population a confused heap of posed ? Unquestionably no. And yet the Prussian depu rity shows itself under the skin of the fox. After Villa practical use whatever for the maintenance of the neu-Can liberal Germany set any store by a body thus com-nationalities, by ber government, tie despotism of Divine ties have occasstonally shown some leaning towards pro- franca, for instance, when every good German ought to trality of Switzerland. In order to obtain this ob right; by ber Concordat, the oppression over consciences; gress, but tbe Chamber of Lords was there to keep them have been satisfied at peace. being re-established and ject. Switzerland claims such a portion of territorymajority the principle o" civil marriages It al stoat brake out in open insurrection against a ministerial bill which proposed to make the nobles pay taxes like other classes ofcitizens.That constitution is not perfect; it will be wise to modi- fy it If it is desired that the Germans should throw them • selves into the arms of Prussia.t XI.It will also be we 1. in tie interest of this great opposi-tion, to treat with a little more fairness governments thatcovered th.mselvea with glarjf, the flag of Franc? had Mill mil oo hmniiiatkm. Jena was not sarpasaed by baptic. aad tae battles of lai3,. 1814 and l^U did not eac* from iiirtory our trtumpba' of 130a. |i: ue 'be progress of enhgbjteament. our tempere<t«aner<i and the work of time wtotikl bare teflced to ex ing spirit of Prussia, and that the unity of Germany will directly addressed to France. When M. de Vincke talks mer. De Boreusprung and P*»t, without any bad inten- Namiik Pasha haj been appointed commander of march would commence ou the 28th of Jane.band over TO000,000 of men, would have threatened the witi satisfaction that each imprudent manifestations service, provided She lends herself to it.The aiwy was exasperated at not having received but the American Minister demanded reparation lor tbeMem. i»€ruian phil'ieophy roigbs m ourpchools. Kant,fUteand Hegel, tbeee great thinkers i'rom beyontl theIkat, ba \ e dethroned the gredi talkers of e.ie.-tiei,ui,Mlariat .re and |»«etr> we bwtli|admire akd love Goethe.Stiilfc"-. I-esMOg. HufTmauii, H-(nri Il'-inf. a»ckla*-udai .[shad:'and n»t loag ^mce a *ork by flimtare Freytag*H*tr«l in tbe Jfontrewr of a>e Frencfi em}»re. Dr make a dangerous mistake were he to suppose that the na- haps even princes themselves, have loudly expressed an According to Official Mttelfigence, addressed from Naples 1-500houses had been burnt in the Turkish quartersequilibrium of Europe and alarmed the powers; a 1'rue- sian Germany, with 32,000,000 of cituans, can oadac alarm to none.never take place at home.xn.elucidated by tional movement is powerful enough to dispense with any unj ust disirust against the policy of France. They will to the Holy Father, no infraction of public order has yet of Constantinople. g French uia« assistance. However strong may be the impulsion which have it that we harbor the design of annexing the Rhe- taken place in Calabria.m.But bis Royal Highness the Prince of Prussia wouldSince the accession of Napoleon III., and especially Since tne annexation of savoy, German publicists, per-tbe day. announcing that the momeu t for marching against the enemy was approaching.The ambassadors had concerted and sent identical instructions to tbe different consuls in Syria, in order to prevent fresh disasters."tr*L., tnuMhtted by U. Littri k ktugnaLt. h»\ e taken lueir p iRjpirit?. <hir leMrwl meu St«;tb t.iebig. Vogt. Gracfr, as aubters have rendered fiaudi, uf Ka'.ilbach and uf tor| Tat*rna!'.»-r are otir own hv <•«<« to an adoraliuu ofisea ami W • her. the mastei if-rbwr reigns withoat a ri aatrvs; aod tie <»av m whichat tot uauei•*tauil *pre«eaied h| Jplace to bimis -- i.i4 ealv to the illustrious!names of Germany th*u fttnee »a 1 iti eaveveigB eaa ijender jaattoe. We ha^ e«!torthe mass of the people an ailection founded upon atarax. TbL- 'honest and Ub-ifiou- race, simide in it* Sauers aad ht>aest in its relations, would have e\ er..ekw. ut -ur frieanship. f veu dl* tre not know that Ger ta» bkwd flow* in the viia'! of foe Fieaci peopto.II.Whether Hie iiertaan* know it or not, t|ie frimdahip ofa aa'soB like our own b to-day of a certain value. Tbetaae m pa t m which tbe ty of Frenchman, d»-•ssueu ef sheir political n i•»r the benefit of a with tbe King of Sardinia and the Emperor of tbe French:' the terriuiry of a foreign nationality. Would to Heaven been occupied by British forces.1T H E L A T E S T . N E W S B V T H E P E R S I A . wanted.in cocrespnud- leads the mass of Germans towards a Prussian monarchy, nish provinces and eiicroacliins upon the mil of Germa-The Ixindon Chronicle, of June 23. says —our peutptar* to the taknt of 1 Kraus au-1 We not only thoven. Gliicx, u mush*, buteate^t lyr. tier, Uio.i...w.i u-s. the' Frenchall well regulated muds (torn ia bom tqtriti) will resist the current, and throw themselves back if the Court of Berlin does not meet them half way. Democratic Germa- ny is wise and patriotic enough to rally round a king, but she will require guarantees which tbe Prussian constitu- tion does not as yet present.First of all it would be necessary that Prussia shouldmake a choice between the two principles which divideKnrope at tba present day. Divine right and popularright are in presence. Whilst a number of princes obsti-nately clasp a fidse legitimacy, really legitimate on: to give me that slap of the face.'' The meekest and most pires are being1 founded upon tbe democratic basis inoffensive man in the world would in the end find excel- of universal suffrage. The Kiag of Naples sn lent reasons for giving what he is asked for, and his hand 1> aster is that liis subjecta are his property, would spontaneously fall on the cheek of the man whoThe French troops at Rome will not, as was asserted by several journals some time since, leave that city dur-BV TmnrupH vu qrsk»iow)r.ACSTBIA. I <• *Tt RIS, Juae 21,1800. Advices from Ravenna;to the 221 state that at Rola the Austrian government compelled a Sardinian merchantSARDINIA.It was reported that the Russian and Spanish legationshad threatened to withdraw unless Sardinia stopped ex- Iieditions toS'ocily.aad the nation meets this pretended right witb an aidenial. "The Emperor of tbe French and the Kiag ofdinia declare, m conformity with tbe tenets.of mode/aphilosophy, that a people only belongs to itself, and twogreat nation?, by a nearly unanimous rote, elen them path she has chosen for herself. Winterer satisfactiontheir chief?. Does the Prince of Prussia side with Divine peoples mar teel m self aggrandisement and m protecting right, with the Kiag of Naples, or with papular right, themselves" behind natural barriers, we have too much,<ariT->ged fe» vainly protesti agaiu-it tie rain of our A choice must be made. that the Germanie Confederation were animated with the In the House of Commons, after considerable debate,Baling Brothers had introduced tbe new Russian toast were officers of engineers. It whs believed that the of eight millions sterling in London. It bears interest at'*time and tie oppression •ur euemies. H mint It is the more necessary at the King of Prussia had same spirit! She would neither have conquer- 1the Grand leave had been given ta bring in a bill providing for the"J la* 8|iavci«es ot an unless eppoKittoa. m her pariia- chosen, and very badly chosen, in 1349. A national as- Ducby of Posen. nor attacked Northern Scleswig. nor de- amalgamation uf the local and the European troops intosembly, the issue of universal suffrage, offered him in his clared that Trieste m a German town. Aa for us, we fear- one imperial army.own palace a legitimate crown. What did he do? He lessly assert that lxirraine and Alsatia are both French, Lord John RusBell, ia reply to aa inquiry as to whethermarch on Messina would commence on the 28th iast.Great preparations are being made at Toulon for an ex-4>. per cent, and was quoted at 92FRANCE. Prince Jerome Bonaparte is dead.Tie Emperor Napoleon wdl visit Sassy ia July..Since tbe Emperor's return front Bsdaa, UM concentrated oa t i e eastern frontier of France bar* l a ititdrawn.It is reported that the new French loan wiB be twenty or thirty millions sterling.The Bourse was depressed. The rentes closed at dfif. 4*c.AUSTRIA.Tbe Austnaas are mak.og vast military preparationsin Wnetia.CHINA. The China mail *aa teltaai. m>t bv the cries of dhikiien #i ber street*.Mat trance manifest* ber gnod luteuuoiis to tb-is- -tiebvm, it m by acts- We have ajwn her -o|dier* penetrate.s*Me femoteet part.4 of tbe . dea to felay the fall ot declared that i s would only accept the crown If it were*»OuamhR empire, while ber Itpiomsfiet claimed from Ibnrj her eh tie civd and n 1 •eedem of ber Ch -istendered him by princes. Tne Prussian squirearchy ap- plauded this anti democratic resolution, and history has recorded the formula by which they expressed their assent. • We do not (tiny said) want a crown which de- mocracy has spit dpou." ^ „Not content with refusing the empire, the King ofPrussia cruelly perawuted tbe upright aad honorablenana who baa ottered it him. The people of Baden andSaxony, interpreting in favor of unity the vote by univer- Prtissm:— sal suffrage, bad dethroned their sovereigns. Two Prus-sian armies invaded in the name of tbe -Divine right" the kingdom of Saxony and the Grand Duchy of Baden. Theof tie Me"! ieian= and *«atb..,n-. and their uainn m i a natkm po*-.^aiag all MEboal r.gbc». sol«4y by the iof our frienlah.pwatercourses in Europe are not worth, for the defence of our territory, a stream of Zouaves and foot cbaaseur:' w itb levelled bayonet?. ,meet un warrantable act, and notice would be taken of it Sir Robert Peel denounced the conduct of tie Frenchgovernment in regard to the annexation of Savoy, and at tacked the English Ministry for its humiliating policy.'at popujttiuas. The de|iv<*Mwttbaat sbaddiag btood,ibi.oui' aiaru-i mother in civ.Ma maler tie ausptoea of Fran aa. entered on the path of a*pen.leoce aad unity. H h) aw arMtiea trie iave•Jtted the way in which t i e now marches alone under toiMOameofPiedaaoat. If G#d allows tits great work » as aceeaaptHied, and a aatiod of 3W.OOO.OOO of sahailLord John Russell defended himself, and stated the terms of the note just received from France relative to we feci an interest in German unity and in the future of the neutralized dauricla of Savoy. France proposes that the neutrality of {those districts be secured, either throughilisatioaa i dt i ettne artone last piece of advice—it will prove to what degrc?«tn> morxaaoed at om* fates, franoe will take no 01 Kiag of Saxony was replaced on his throne by the Pras by her bnroauracy. not only to the Germanic nation, but France and Switacrland Lord John Russell complained•Mc. P k M i r a l t o i « | t m a t a a a W k ^ ^an bet privatesadcaptib JiUes M>the general wetfare and »r» pwMvfai future; for Fairppeaa ordjsr will aot Ut i * v .-atatiii^hed until tb: day in which, there sha 1 \aistith' r natweahtk- "tipresaed aar kings awapporUhie to Mstr Mibjsoai-in. •'siac farces. The Grand Duke of Baden was restored in to honest men of all countries. A ray of light fell. on tie of the conduct of France in the whole transaction, and closed at oaf. 75c., or a fraction higher than yesterday.ha turn, in vtrtuefof the same right, and by tit tame pmer. But store than this was done. When the battle was won, and the campaign closed—when the democratic army of Baden. 101000 strong, had retired to the territory ofSwittarland—when all resistance to the legitim»cy of Diviae right was uverpowered—the Prussian army ahot, in tie period of three souths, in the midst of tbe silence12th of May, ISso, on the mano-uvres of the IYussian po lice, and the world then beheld the strangest mixture of awkwardness and immorality, of seal and imprudence, of mcendiarv provocation and clumsy Machlavelism.• XV.The following are the fitcts, aa stated at the tribune ofsaid it could not be regarded as satisfactory by England. On tbe day that the.Persia ton Lirerpool a grand reviewThe Emperor has visited Prince Jerome.ny. This ill founded apprehension la so noisily manifest-ed and so obstinttely repeated that it might have tuggested euil theughts to us if we were less equitable. It ing next mouth! They will remain to defend the city is certain that if you address in the public street th--meekest and most harmless individual in the world, andsty to bim, "Sir, you wi-h to give me a slap in the face;don't attempt to deny it. I know that you wish to giveme a slap in the face. Don't swear; I wouldn't believeyour oath. You want to give me a slap in the face, but 1am s-tronger than you are. I am not in the least afraidof you. i would crush you like a worm, aad 1 dare youhad t>ro\ okcdThim.tireat Britain.The proceedings in Parliament were generally unimpor-xm.ft was reported that tbe Chancellor of tbe Exchequer, Mr. Gladstone, bad determined to resign on account oftant. 0In the House of Lords. Earl Granville, in reply to the Marquis of Noraanby, intimatel that government had received no infbimatioa confirming the report in recent generosity and too much justice to think of conquering./ despatches that any portion of the Sicilian territory hadBut no amount of provocation can tarn France from theproaounoed for Divine right against popular right. H • because tbev have proved It against the Germans them the Neapolitan frigate had captured her two prises by periment to be made witb tbe steel plated frigate Glotoe.selves. We' keep what belongs to as; we ask nothing hoisting the English flag, said that be was unable to speak more; we think that ail the natural frontiers and all the as to the truth of this report, but if it was true it was aTito vessel is to be impelled by all tie power ef steam to -strike against a ship of tie line, and endeavor to cut herin two with her bronze prow.The steam engines of the Gloire are enveloped withmattresses to protect them from being too much shaken by the force of tbe shock,. Tie experiment is to be tried against the ship of the line MoBtebeilo, which ia now old; should it succeed, several large steamships will be built on the plan of the Gloire.31a P. M.—The Bourse has been inactive. RentesXIV.\e\ us be permitted to add to these friendly reflect tonsMuch as the name of Prussin and her constitution, such as it I?, and tbe person of her august regent, excite sym- pathy ia Germany, it ia equalled by tbe repulsion, iu spiredthe instrumentality of a European Congress or the ex- change of note?, Francs assuming all the obligations of Sardinia or lastly, that the matter be arranged betweenBerlin bv M. Niegolowski, an honorable deputy of theaate MpiraiKw 1a the path of paogress aad uaity. Anneal o * peace, twenty six German patriots. Their bones rest in Grand Duchy of Poscn Three Prussian bureaucrats M many branches trade a general holiday was observed, amidst tb* wildest enthusiasm of the immense mult.tude. Baron tiros. was wreci m the harbor af Galie. MaGermany, like Italy, m impfllod forwards by a legit1-Awavlaaa aad modern d.pfomacy.aad the seiaahaess and tbe church varus Of Fribargb. Radstadt, and Mannheim-, De Puttkamaier, superior President of the province of Po- it was annoi that Ate Queen would further encourage n neaaat of a swarm of petty princes, wh) buy and BeII their names are; almost all forgotten, yet Germany sen: W. lie. Bor-rensprung, President of Police: and M. the rifle mo t by personally inaugurating tie great Mt.r labjects at they wocM thefr flocks, has divided Ibn <till rsmeomra with admiration, mingled witi Borrow, Post, secretary interpreter, sought together for a good prize meeting w! ' was to commence at Wimbledon onNo accident is reported. lives were toot. Ths in the ship was lost, andfeat tat-on nto a dafdorable maltrtode of goveraakcnt-. yoimg Max Dortu. an enthusiastic boy; Vaien- means of manifesting their zeal and of meriting the gratitise Streober.a harmless and honest burger of Mannheim; tude of the government. M. De Puttkammer to a great at laws, money, treighu aad! aassaavei, Us language personage, much higher than a prefect, and a little lessthe 2d of July.her Majesty tiring a rifle from a fixed mechanical rest. promising, but that the delivery of the large amount ofJune.Advices from Cantos are to May 6 The reply from thserea—eref yibmg Sa the nation wjhich Mwuld be bam J- tbe old patriot Booing: and above all, Adolphus Trutscbler,gkMui. m ualifce aad dlacor^aC tie) aattoe annWs deputv to tbe Frankfort Parliament, member of tbe Court than a minister: M. lie Ba-rensprung Is an important man; Wu« abnormalstate. Its MvtaCrgeace and iupride ••fAppealofDresden,a manof upright convictions and Postisapoordevilofnonote.The London Dwtiy iVea* defends Senator Sumner from government stock recently sold caused considerable pree tieattackmadewonhimbytinLoudonlimtsoaaccount sureformoneyiathestockExchange .is mudi as4y% ofhisrecentspeechintbeSenate,andgivesaqualifiedap-proval of the speech in tuestion.bs«aw with impatieure aa order af Uiiigaso dttte In eaa anntj a.th tbe sinrit of tie tiiaea, and Mnwa worthy 01 Mathne*nib than the mneteenkh caaturt. It is m rain •at tie i.erinan prinoaa, kaned together agaiast theAt Queen Victoria's levee, [on thefSOth of June, Mr. Dallas presented the HOB. Robert C Winthrop, of Boston, and Major J. G. Barnard of the Corps of Engineers,per cent was psid readily for short loans.The spsvard tendency Was thus: restrained, aad tbef M Mays'"! •'H* *a r vto0JLT1*- T»f; have 1:te*» tb* iTaw^acs see aswb l»p- •iaister of tie Interior.. Count DeifaMMrin. We havefSSetra which oentraJiaatiearecipient* uf tie] honor Were Lord Brougham and Captain Sir F. F. ifcnintsck.Atlantic Royal Mail Company (Galway •Id, for the purpose of sanctioning the capMal. Mat after some exptonations.w>aas!s resolved to adjourn **«e die, with laouassa that Mm Prince af Wales, attended byEarl af St. flwiniirj and a large retinas, will embara Canada on the n t h of July on board the sere s steamney to the Bank; tbe supply to all quarters was very BOBBty,and tie aswlicattoas si tie Dank were naateroas, including many Bam the discount brokers.Tie terms for tie best bills in tie open market were four per cent and upwards. -The Isodoa Ttatat city article of Friday eveaiog •Bs«prOT*^-sards that oMbjeacnt witi a trmlarge fortune. Hfwilllongsurviveintiememoryof Germanic democracy, together witb his glorious friend and accoaipl-ce, Robert Blum.V1H.Peoples know hew to forgive—an advantage they halvePuttkammer thinks.BoarenspYunf dictatesandPoet• rites. These three men, by dint of digging in their bureaueratic brains, think to excite a rising in the GrandDuciy of Posen, in order to have tbe honor of repressmit. t i e character of exciting agents, which was alwaytie aversion of Vkbxq, does not inspire them with any United States Arkty. _ ___^ •contempt. They assume tie disguise of Potos dtocon At tbe annual commesnorat ion at Oxford Bishop Potter wts manifested, although1 business das languid. British At aauiglise coesidrrahle apprsisasion was feit, ewuag tented with Prussian domination; t i e r round la thei of New Y ork, occupied n prominent position among the railway stocks retain an upward tendency.offices a Use democratic committee, and tiey put ttwrn- church dignitaries, asm included tn ths number whosdves in relation witi tin central committne in London received tie honorary degree of D. C L. was Mr. J.ha«e formed a compact for tin ktatttantace or'pt i« .leg. s. The Wet, tiat uuriaaBWjt conapiracy a over some kings. Germany may, therefore Abury is aclosing quotatioB of consols was ecarceil better than that of yesterday, m tie share market a decided firmnessTie allies bad occupied Chosen without resistance. Trade was improving at Canton., willi«Bj 'efbnttil,oblivion these aasfosa petiknatiusa, aad the of the genosaW who carried Uiein^but. But, first of all, it is neceasen that t i e Prussian gcversm->nt should pronounce. It mist, instead of wrapping itself up in a mantle of Anatrmn conceit, throw im arms open to reoeivetf.A few days since a Pimniiii democrat wrote .toa friendin Wurtemberg.— Why are yoa to long before uniting « Uhhmd at theirin exile." ifotkiag appearsaotbe.alwaya atranaer thnncidbe sttOlcM of strength and 1t i eaatkm.to t i e atone iag movements of t i e rehearFINANCIAL AND COMMBBHAL NEWS. MIXTION JHTSBT MAIConsols closed to-day (25th> at V.« tor account, ex a> vtdend.rrvntrooL c o m * s iThe sales of cotton to-day 1 600 were taken by 1ket closed dull 1STSIM Or T*ABM AT 1 Tiers has been no market at ]lUgof thePeranvLIvutroui. moviMOK BAkxrr. .The pro* tolen market to very duff, but rate* steady.tie Prise* MiBjaat eutertahw the noble ambition of reigning lonitiaaatfe^BSM» ana what* of Germany let himBP us ~ hftm . ksWiB^a^ AM-S\SVBMS mwJshmasSsn. ^ssfe I w JPW4MB1BM|[ •Bagank' tj'\ba^prticleimedfae will of t i e sat ion a t t i c dictation of un.versa! suffrage. !** bim de still better. L-t bhn betngtond was occasioning same anxiety. • showery and unsettled; but en tierather more favorable for tbe crops.httewpa^hrrtteaf<y dkeeatar af MsafatliaBten the .Nnpnfoona are tbe testaaaeatary execubIrencb rarotetimv ^circular note, demandisg tbe recogn;-1 of Savoy and Nice to France, was large retinae, wdl leave on tie U t i e f July for Canada. site tor tie cross. Tie msrkst to<Here we make a pause ta refute aa objection whamofcr-2b* ult. from Paris to the French various European courts, for comma- ism MIH to which they are teepee-laflmtonote M. Thouvend reviews the tie case, aad expresses his coaldansnTie Prist:* goes out in tie St. George, Si, steam screw snip, Captain t i e Htm. Francis Egcrt JCAshes are dull at 20a, sd. for Sugar dull Cat** delr. Kie* #5. Sd. a Aa. fid IWheat ta slightlyturn. Ssgsw insist* , CsMbs Itrue, tineat i etaMttlasLfVExrooL ansABPrrrfT The weather has beesmight bessidtrio supplicated sa iunsily; Maw*iasuch a meriifloona tans Mar the alms of afow ietuwaand a lew Rule circulars. It speaks MB»BJB%adni ration of General Maxxtni, with to maci emotion of the pro* oflnllx P|st, that tie icvslstlBnirts ofLwtan and Itaxaei himself at n i l IntoJMMM|MSMMMB with them TiisiierBclousgaBaeisttsdforM^yesj^Bndrt would iave «till gone on IT M. Siegntowat: had aot ston- ans it by a thunder clap.* ^ XVT.frigate SLIt to stated tit* of tie transmitted oa Ambassadors atmeat ef \ , but owing to some rrmiv/Mm^ ontbe public, and a canst jaent lacreaae to tbe demand for money, ticre was rather toss firmness at tie close.The Prince of Wstos, attended by A s Earl ef St. Gar mans, tie Lard Steward af tie Qaeea's HaasnhsM. and nThe eloquent Posnaniao orator deposited on tie tribune sicatloa to U-a .11-afuiiiemtilmwaas wdl ant fail t« taake. l i e y the original text af tweatMHtr tetters written by M. irmlycirc.tmstab.-essteady atfi.T^ Hfancy aa tie faitn of some feudal prints that ti*_Fra»cb nation ia redoced to slavery. T b e j J ^ ^ ^ ^ J ^ ^ Z ^Post, delated by at. De Bwrenspmng. and keapUnl by M. De Piittfcasimer. Tie first is date* tbe 10* Awfiiat,Afterthisfineexploit,M.DeB-erensprung.thesaviour of ibe order wljium ne had himself disturbed, and tiie conqueroroftbjeagitationwhichhehadhimselfexcited, offered himself las candidate to the deputation, aad wasK s n a e .General Iamdriciere is said to have issued an Order ofits arrears of pay, and a military revolt was appre- hended.against any attacks thai may be made.France will gurautee to Pius EC. Rome at his resdence: beyond that t i t French government cannot inter fere.The Paris flour market bad slightly declines, notwith-BOS Ayres and San Fernando Railway, owing to rreg>iai 1-bleau,under the presidency of the Knperor, M. Thouvenel,Minister for Foreign Affairs, read the circular bote whichthe French government is about to address to tbe Powersaad for each soldier. They excite hatred to order that who signed the fiaal act of Vienna, in order to deaand parttonlarty In yarns, and the general tone ef tie market citizens may be ready to cut eacb other's throats. Whoa their recognition of t i e new settlement of the French is rather better. A little irregularity still prevailed, we rend these monstrous excitations we are reminded frontiers, resulting from the accomplished fact of*the an owing to tbe position of producers with their ycsteuAwith terror of the events of Galiieia and of that revolu- nexation of Savoy and Nice to France. This cote sum contracts.great names of the country; they coolly discuss the di vision of their estates, and ask how many acres will be necessary for each peasant, for each custom house officer,Ihe stock is estimated at 1,3©7.«SJ bales, incSiSaoc 1 114.18fl American.xvm.It is not only in tho Polish provinces of Prussia that this terrible bureaucracy sought to sow discord; it looked higher and aspired to nothing less than scttiag the whole of Europe in a blaze. Doubtless it is sure for its strength, and if it does n-it fear to light a vast fire it is that it has under its hands the means of extinguishing it. It is, however, imprudent to unchain violent passions, even when sure of being able to check them again.al law, will obtain the adhesion of all Europe—the more quired for. Mixed, 32s.; yellow. 32s. a 32s. 0d., wilts, so because France to ready to renew before tie European 34s. a 36s. fid. per quarter.Areopagus the assurance that she intends to assume the PROVISIONS.—Beef arrives freely and is pressed I obligations resulting from article 82 of the final act of particularly the lower qualities. Pork quiet butalways shown in regard to Switzerland, offer the best guarantees for the faithful accomplishment of such an en-pRonrns.—Ashes quiet at 28s. 6 1 a 29s 3d. tor pott, and 30s.fid*a 31s. for pearls. Sugars quiet but first. Oaf- fee in limited demand. Bice more unlet: salan of Carolina at 98s. a 25a. Fish oila dullcited them to enterprise. They wrote on the 25th April, Court of the Tuilenes will not consent to any lessening nothing worth reporting; sperm sells st AS*, lin- ISoS, "We are astonished to see tbe Democratic Commit- of Savoyard territory in favor of Switzerland, although seed oil quiet and prices barely safmssntaV tee show so little actiiBy." You will not find tea letters France accepts tie European conference on tie question. Rosin steady at 4s. ad a 4* frl. for common. Spirits otWhent ver the central committee in Iamdon appeared gagement." '"•?*slumbering or fatigued the trio awoke them up, and ex- M. Thouvenel, in conclusion, distinctly hints that theIout of the twenty-four in which the same dangerous theme is not touched on in different terms.Tbe circular note of M. Thouvenel will be despatched turpentine declined to 33s. o-l. a 33s , closing at tbe " this evening to London, and to-morrow to Vienna, Berlin figure. Tea very inactive and rather easier.and St. e'etersburg, for communication by tie repre- bark dull. Small sales of Baltimore st Ta. fid.XIX.By what actions could the democrats satisfy sentatives of France to the different Ministers for Foreign LOSDON MARKETS.—Messre. Baring Bros, k Co.Puttkammer, pcurensfrung, and Post? We had ar- Anhlrs. 1 wheat dull and prices barely supported, fbresgn quietrived at the i 27th of March, 1869. It was fore This note will also be communicated to the Cabinets of seenthatthejEmperoroftheFrenchwasaboutto Stockholm,MadridandLisbon.make a generous effort in favor of Italian indc PARIS, June 23,1860.wished that Maazini sbouldjbasten and get his country to one month's imprisonment and 3,000f. fine.to rise before tie arr1vstwf the French army. Ia order The editor to fined 3,00Cf. and the publisher 500".at full prices. Tallow 62s. 6d. a 52*. Sd., an tin spot. Linseed cakes to steady demand, New York barrels X.M 15?. Bmton bags £9 5s. Linseed oil 28s. 6d..on the spot. Fisn oils quiet.J. A TEST MARKST?.lav KKTOOL. June 23, 1*00.Cotton un<-hanged: sale* to-day 10,000 bales- Bread- stuffs quiet and steady. Corn declining fer float.ng car- goes. Provisions steady.LONDON, June 23. 1A60 The Stock Exchange was closed to-day to csasestieareof the great volunteer review.THE NEWS BY THE PARANA AND ETNA.ST. Josrxa, \ . F., July *, leaf. The steam.-li:p Parana, trom 1.alway 27th u!W, arnvtdat this port at seven o'clock this morning.The new steamship Connaught was to sail on the 20th,but when about starting blew out the bottom part of ber cylinder. The Parana accordingly took her place, sailing. on the following day.The steamship Golden Fleece from Galway, June 23d, arrived at this port at three o'clock yesterday afternoon, ;.nd saii".! at twelve o'clock same night for New York. Mr. iJurly. the electrician of the Atlantic Telegraph Cem paty came passenger in her. His errand is to ra.se thsPants, June 23—12 20 P. M The Bourse is firm today. Rentes are at m. 80c.A m s t r l s .The statement that Austria is abs.it to reinforce ber flo-tilla in the Neapolitan waters is without foundation.Rear Admiral Pantx will only sad for the Adrian; sea in order to exercise the crew of the newly built shipKaiser.The Austrian Gazette Bays :—Sigtor Petrullo has beensummoned to Naples in order to carry out the reforms which existing circumstances have rendered necessary. It is said that he has declared himself ready to use all his efforts for the realization of this object, without, how- ever, accepting any particular post in the ministry.S w i t z e r l a n d .A telegraphic despatch from Beime says —" In view ofan approaching Conference on the annexation of Savoy, take the side ofjNapotoon." The thing was not surpris- the Federal Council has confidentially proposed to theBut if theFrench, why did they say in the same postscript, "Wewarm an interest in the Emperor ofIt was reported tiat baribaldi bad held a council, at which A was determined to march on ti*g«Mi» as soon as It will also be desirable that political men in Prussia ture liberator of Italy,and done hi* country more harm The Porte bad sent Vely Pasha to Beyrout as Extraor- the plans were fully organized. I. was expected that tneby the movement of their people, will bow to the protect- should abstain in a constituent assembly to utter threats than good. It may be also said that if MM. De Puttkam- dinary Commissioner, in order to institute an inquiry.• \tf'..iL in all beans the last spar* of aatroaal hatred. be effected without the shedding of a tingle drop of blood. in the Chamber of Deputies of reconquering from us Alsa- tion \and irom unintelligent zeal, had raised u p a s -cond We atut even acknowledge havifc«lbMadaeaarB3rmpathy Diplomacy eaa raitc 110 objection agaiast this internal re- tia and Lorraine, the French nation in not roused by this Orsini, they would have deprived Prussia of a very useful far tneGenuiiae m proportion a* we ha we better known form An Austrian Germany, by uniting within the same indiscretion to the extent of going to war: but it notes ally, who is perhaps sailed onto render her very goo 1tbe forces in the Ifbanoo, to which district two steamers It was said that the Neapolitan "government had de-were to have transported troops, but want of money t« rutincd to restore the two captured American v easels, caused the project to be abandoned.insult to the American tagThe King 0' Naples was ill.It was asserted that the Neapolitan Council had ..solvedto grant a constitution. a general amnesty, a total change vf ministry, a free press and to eater into anal ltancc with Piedmont. &c . but the King's aseei.t wasEvery one nojw knows that If Orsim had succeeded in and some Greek functionaries lor abuse of their autho his criminal attempt he would have assassinated the fu- rity.All the appeals made to the Roman government, urgingit to retrieve its position by well considered reforms,ha\ ing been metjwith as attention. France can no longerinterpose in behalf of t i e Pontiff, should his own subjects na the papers necessary for departure, because it had tion, und adept**! a resolution in favor of the reappoint- revolt against the tyranny and ill treatment of the foreignmercenaries minionsthat formt i cgcu-larmcriein thePapaldohoisted tbe tri color nag.TUB SICILIAN REV0LITI0N.PARIS, June 23, I860. Tie PtJtm of to-day states that Garibaldi held a coun- cil of wa.- ot the evening of the 21st. at which it wasment of a consulate at Mozambique as a check to tne slave trade, notwithstanding the opposition of the go- \£rnmeut.of volunteer take place in Hy 30,000 to 00.000 brilliant dem< suspended for, in the presence of the Queen, was to part, London. It was expected that from uuteers would be under arms, and a too was anticipated. Business was day an tbe Stock Exchange, and inBIlEtKiiRA TH FROM IJOSDOX ;TO UVRXPOOL. LO.VDO.V, June 24, 1800the discount market is BOS under ths intideace of the proctomUiunB, emissaries and Lothrop Mottky, the American writer Among the other usual quarterly pressure, occasioned by the influx of mo-to stow laof Police. AM wifeofaJudgMaaxxz.—Thetin onuaml rep,a«atat;.*and rn^ie IHSih^lietetattdrfAmil.lbJ*- !f ^ ! S £ international la< , and be-ause Prunes to ready ta renew cent. Tbe sunrdy was scscty. TidEnglisfa funds warsUbertJes thin i« an art^te of tiki Ihe asTfoa aetbeEt'e.ty of those doa.meats, sotevmnthe .tbe assurance t XThomas M. Tryniskiaf that act wilPbad m uunformitf writbt tbie* prm- pies of public rights anddemandfor money wasis the re- Untitled Documentvessel to hoist tbe Pontifical flag.At Fuime the Harbormaster refused the steamer Raven-GREAT BRITAIN.The ll-xise ot b-rds had debated the slave trade ques-IT-" • ^ ^ ^ ^Tie anxiety in regard to tie crops m sosae parts of BariBg Mren i c a . quota bar stiver stKl^d;dattaja,a.nation for adoption by the great Powers, and mere espe- As also to romedy any defects found in the Cable itself.unanimously decided that tie insurrectional army, after tbe lame report adopted by tie committne of tie Com-mons on the Lords' rejection of the bill repealing the) march on Messina. The volunteers brought by Colonel paper duty -having collected all the necessary military* forces. shouldMedici had been chosen With great care; amongst them••REAT BRITAIN.The volunteer review passed off With the greatest rets/,Tbe steamer Ma! isg oa board Lord Elgin andboth ambassadors tost their credentials and all their Tie competition was to commence by towards Improvement to-day, the weather being more papers,and \.ould be delayed at Oalle unt.l the d»hThe tendency of the funis would probably have beenM o mactive, and ao tarssat1 Mess wars reported betow 4 perChinesetothetostcommunication from tie Bnt^bMin- isteristotiieetfoctthattieChineseareprsparisgtore- sist. sktoeds to asecsse tie obligat; -cs daOj b'.t on tie 23d tiers was a tstfer :$• imards m Ricetrm. TaPo*, fts *T Ltofesrt tW, www.fultonhistory.comeFulton New York 1306930te9 South 4th Street 