 Bmeet to- laneriWI majorat RCoi»6-the Sea-Mferhich in-gpeen En- receatly jre was noIsle of British At least k though fcrs subse- the factfcweenih©| Covode's estimony. i Member •h he sub- sebstitate t: that the srfered towithout (silly, flor- al Jfew->oIiDician« a in 1858, %j after, raidd any wnaaittee8>ffered in of Mr.{required be re-g of the or of the incuts of Wlgfell'* wure, hd adopted tosanc- tes were•is aed an •f his pa- i d policy •itrivancelinst the•regiment >ense of lbmitted nidation be madelament in lowed by Benonnc- ttU close [the case ich side, e should ch eventof themisrred to- ed to be assignedTo provide for the appointment of Inspectors and Judicial District in saii city. The billfarther provide*- v,| iw hen tbeae resolutions were prepared, I put them in the shape I thought least objectionable, and a copy was delivered to him before he left, which was yester- day evening, as I am told.could alter the Legislature of that Territory, and put another there which would pass such.laws.beas corpus:Commonwealth of MattachutetU—To theSheriffi of ourCoun tie; ((c.: Wo command yon that the body of Frank B. S&nbom of Concord, in the County of Middlesex, by Silas Carleton im- prisoned and restrained ol his liberty, as it Is said, you take and have before a Justice of our Supreme Judicial Court at Boston,Mr. FINCH objected. 'AFTERNOON SESSION..twenty k to faceded this, fie Tele- aid fromwin be •standing Ties .have|ie Corn- right to El obtainperfectly1860.\o reportofioca- iiuK- trom Imri, andrith two ng with-, oceeding st route, avigablel>.; I860. reepond- idges ofl a t T e r r i -reaolu- >f an in- favor of»rthe re- ate Poj*-solauons[rollerofDepressedte order,Itongre*, §smaui mbeEeved ktleman.. E in the fc vel one.pd for & brsely to ' writtenIn by the ormabie iie Gov-dotyhe. [ejecting lion thatagainst laderthe Iversely, bpcxdtione not forW$k-would injure the revenue, for, under the graduation act, the price increased from, time to time, and the Homestead bill would bring other lands into market. The Secretary of the Interior had said in his report that all the binds failed as a source of Federal revenue, except those subject to private entry. The bill would improve the sources for revenue. He thought it time to cease donating lands for the benefit of colleges, schools, asylums, and railroad corporations, unless they were located on the lands. The Senator fromTexas (Mr. Wigfall) had denominated this a. party question, but this was rather late in the day, inasmuch as a Homestead bill passed the same House that passedsome of these charges emanated from a most infamous source, Judge Drummond, who took to Utah a female not his wife, and placed her beside him on the bench. It was on such representations that the Government had sent the army against the peaceable citizins. of thechurch continued to hire him as their stated supply, notwithstanding the Council's objections to installing; him.The Eastern Congregational Church had been t&»- frequent recipient of aid from the other churches. In * this way, but a short time since, they received $4,000,. $2,000 of which the trustees of that church had e x A hausted in a very short time in alterations and" repair*. The snm of $1,000 yet remained uuueed, and tb&, church was unwilling to return it to the Association,'although the church had been sold, and the Society was on the eve of dissolution.. It was considered best to leave Mr. Aldrich's name> out of the action of the Association, as he was not a. member of it, and never had beea. In this way airy-^fhe people of Hayti were adopted.Virginia Politics.CHART.OTTEVIIXE, Va., Wednesday, April 4, 1860.The Vlth District Convention to-day elected Messr3.Early and Coghil.l, Hunter men, delegates to Charles-• . _i iNEW-YORK DAILY TRIBUNE, THURSDAY, AFRO. 6, I860.itIt was a dangerous corporation, whose power was contrary to the spit it of our institutions. The Mormon}i -~ VARNISMRRS AND POLISHERS.—About 20 Germans,the- remnant of a striking association of last yeas-, 0 f more than 200 members, including a large number c of Irishmen, met hist night at Steuben Hall for th* pur- pose of furthering the good of thei* own tead* t and talking over the propriety of getting upastrike-Uar, pres- ent Spring. The attendance of so few active-w ambersimeretopostponethisresolutionindefinitely,or[Senateamendment,providingfoxcallingintoserviceastsfce the case ©correctly. Originally, it was in the po- had said they thought this,additional force necessary; 1 bated by Messrs. COLVTN. ROBERTSON/ and To divide the Vlth Judicial DiatrJct of therCity of satett i e now states. It was a claim growing out of but they both studiously avoided an expression of opin- Court has issued a writ of habeas corpus, and the ola and Bobert8on> the bill was referred to a Select" SPINOLA, and, referred to a Select Committee to re* New-York, "mi least tEfl the 5th of March next. I will not do so, regiment of Texan volunteers.b e t as this claim was raissd by an alleged breach of i Mr. CURTIS (Rep., Iowa), as a member of the Com-eoo&act by the Postmaster-General, I think the Post- mittee, said he should have voted in favor of theOfiee Oommittee is a proper reference. amendment if the President and Secretary of War, in States officers last night, under a reqnjsitienttromtheSENATE...-ALBAKT, April 4,1860.W . Edmonds and Alexander W. Bradford" tireowgu*wbet was alleged to be a breach of contract. Con-e n s r passed a law stating that the oontract havingE*a made and abrogated, the First Controller shouldaeess the damages thereof. The making of the con-tact *nd its abrogation are facts affirmed by Congress.Vhether any damage has accrued, I do not know. they may have,hope for protection. 5iis question we have nothing to do with. Bat theCmfcroBer says there was no contract, and is the Sen- sor just to brmff up this question improperly as I con- cise ?VK&iee. I assure him that Gov. Medill will meet any ATeetSgation anywhere, and before any Committee,Mr. SHERMAN (Rep., O.) remarked that this amend- last night. Sanborn refused to accompany them, whenbetter that the bill should be defeated, and the new during which he struggled violently, and the members by the Senate of the Capital. Punishment bill, which Land Company was reported favorably.Mr. PUGH (Dem., O.}—The resolutions were offeredysterday. The day before yesterday CoU Medill re-Lmed to Ohio on account of illness, and I suggest tofee Senator that he allow these resolutions to he over the special order for Tuesday. i r a day or two that I may have time to make somewas interrupted in a manner tomewhat discourteous,at leastr—but that I leave to the Senate—tbnt I shouldobject, because we would not have time to dispose of sovereign power in the Territories ? this matter, and because I have some amendments tooffer.Sanborn left with his friends for home.NEW-YORK AND GATIONALBROOKLYN CONGRE- ASSOCIATION.Mr. GREEN—I have no objection to such reasons;benefits to the country from this undertaking and the prospects of its future and undoubted success, which were received with applause.The messenger from New-York lost a connection bythe withdrawal of a train between Detroit and Chi-cago, which would have delayed the express twenty-State of New-York.SEC. 2 A murder which shall he perpetrated by means-ofThe annuahmeeting of the New-York and Brooklyn Congregational Association was held in the Leoture-resolutions, I will object.Mr. Green's motion was lost, and the Homestead billwas taken up.Before the resolutions were disposed of, the Home-stead bill came up as the special order.WMr. PUGH (Dem., Ohio) proceeded to contrast the Senate and House bills. He believed the operation of the bill should belimited to heads of families, otherwise sham preemptions would lead to fraud and corruption. A man's family would bind him to the soil for its im- provement, and thus there should be a discrimination between the married and unmarried man.' The Senate bin was a wise measure for revenue and economy. It gave sixty millions of acres for homesteads, which was enough for all in the United States who desire to go there. He read numerous acts, showing that Con- gress had, time after time, donated the public lands to towns, mail rontea, and States; and in view of all this,derstand that Republicans believe Congress can pass any act in conflict with the Constitution..Mr. THA YER wished to know what kind of sov- ereignty his colleague preferred—that kind which ex- isted in Egypt under Pnars oh, based on corn, or that among tbe people of tbe Territories, based on baud ?Mr. GOOCH replied that as he did not recognize either kind of sovereignty, he could not answer the question.Mr. SIMMS (Dem., Ky.) did not know that a bache- lor has a right to discuss this question. It was not to be supposed that a bachelor knows much about matri- monial affairs, but as those who belong to the matri- monial ranks have raised the difficulties, ne hoped the Houee would excuse a bachelor for coming in as a peacemaker in this quarrel. He proceeded to advo-was forcibly seized and handcuffed in hn own house in Cdncord by a body of men who refused to give their names, or read thoir warrant, if any they had, but dragged your memorialist into the street and attempted to force him into a carriage, evidently for the purpose of carrying him out of the said Concord, none of the men aforesaid being citizens of Concord, so far as your memori- alist can learn, but he belioveB them to be residents of Boston— their ram«s, as finally given by themselves some time after the events first related, being Silas Carlton, Coolidge Tarlton, Free-man, and Foss." Furthermore, your memorialist would represent that a writpoison, or by lying in wait, or by anf other kind of willful, Koom of the South Conj?regational Church on Wednes- deliberate and premeditated killing, or which shall be committed.it was said the Homestead bill proposed some greatrevolution in the land system to destroy the public rev-enue, when the fact was, it was but the same principlethat had been guiding the system relative to the publicdomain since the earliest days of the Republic. Thepolicy of the General Government in its donations oflands had acted unjustly toward new States. The firstexcuse was, that the sale of the land was to liquidatethe debVbut when that was paid, a second and third Mr. HOOPER (Dem., the Delegate from Utah) said arose. He did not believe that the pas3age of the billlaughter.f He had understood Mr. Wilkinson to say he was a Know-Nothing. ••"''-£Mr. WILKINSON replied, he did not say so. TheRome, in its palmiest days, had not conferred on it such powers as are found in this corporation. Besides, it was violative of the Constitution of the United States, and therefore it was the duty of Congress toSenator was a little obtu*e to-day. [Laughter.!Mr. WIGFALL continued at length,. He thought repeal it. Murder, rapine and other crimes were per-the previous question; when the motion to recommitwas carried, and tbe.substitute was passed by tue at the organization, however, damped the prcr jpect ofoverwhelming vote of 94 to 9, as .follows: an immediate improvement in that dLrecta<,n, T n o YEAS—Mem* B. Allen, O. Allen, ArctOurtut, Barden, B«- varnishers have a aooiety-treasary, kept 1,jy Conradnctt7r£ebH7Bin?hanVBixby, Bov>~an- Briggs, i W Bu ler, Mllller at No. 283 Bowery, for the aseistaar* and re- •Cadwrtl^ Carter, Chittenden, D- Clark, Coleman, CoU*, Collins,Conkling, Cooper. Comeliu; Conchwan. Crane,^Crocker,Culver, lief of members of their own organisatio*u At pres- Dtekinson, l>or7cb. Downs, Dw1«bt, Earll, ElUwanh, Evan. vFinch, y-Uher, Fulton, (libb*. Govr, Gray, Hall, Harrt*.tlol ent, the wages received by them is from i0 to 12 shil- comb, Bo*kins, Hough, HttyheU, Jakway, JMWJJ, Jeflonls-. lings per day. The following persona w ere elected aa Jewell, Jewett, Johnson, C. K*U*yt Kortrtght, MaArtbux, Mcthe patronage of the Government in this respect ought petrated by authoiity of that so called Church. He to be given to. the States. The bill would exclude showed that Congress has power to repeal or super-slaveholders from the Territories, and provide for vise the laws of that Territory, the authority being panpers and a fanatieal population. It would be a found in the act eetahlibhing the Territorial Govern-jg'ree-Soil country.. Mr. SUMNER (Rep., Mass.) offered a resolution, which was adopted, that the President be requested, If in his opinion it is not inconsistent with the publicInterest, to furnish to the Senate "copies of all corres- pondence not heretofore called for relating to the claim of a foreign Government to the military service of naturalized American citizens. Adjourned. .HOUSE OF BEPRE8ENTATTVE8.«r. WASHBUfiNE (Sep.,111.)gavenoticeof abill to erect a Ctutom-Honee and Poet-Offiee at Waukei?an. Mr. 8TAKTON (Bep., Ohio), from the Military Committee, reported back the West Point Appropria- tion MEL with a recommendation by a bare majorityment of Utah. Without concluding, he gave way for Vilkes, and he was fully committed. a motion to adjourn, which prevailed.•••• • '••'•"•.' - 'of the Committee that the House non-concur in the Ut. Her news is unimportant...,.(;/.• :•..:'••••)iKtf)one introduced, rather than that the Senate should loadit down with irrelevant amendments, and make it a of hi8 family cried "Murder," " Fire," etc. The excitement spread, and the town bells were rung, collect ing a large crowd.passed the Assembly to-day.The sanguine still entertain hopeB of a Railroad TollThe bill, to legalize the notices and advertisements published in The Evening Journal was passed.Also, the Assembly bill to protect game and fish.J. McLEOD MURPHY offered concurrent resolu- tions, advocating the passage by Congress of a bill to increase and regulate the pay of the United States Navy. Laid over.who shall Jiold his term for six years from the let oxT January next. A Justice for the VHIth District l # w 3 be elected at the next Charter election. s& tTo incorporate the Sag Harbor Savings Bank. xsmkrx BtrrLWKGs.Mr Tucker, from the Standing Committee o>n CWkw' and Villages, reported* complete the bill to vwovider' against unsafe buildings in the City of Kew-York, andspecial order. ,. •The House, by seven majority, refused to make itbill which will levy three-fourths of canal rates on the Rufus Hosmer, a citizen, died suddenly, it is sup- Central, aid less on other ronds.The House then resumed the consideration of the Anti-Polygamy bill. 'posed from the excitement the affair occasioned him.The general impression to-night is that the Charter is dead.Sanborn Was forcibly taken from the officers by the at! there will not be found a stain upon"his character. as a grave and high offense, but denied that Congress crowd, and kept out of their power until a writ of ha^Mr. KEITr (Demi, S. C.) characterized polygamyMr. ROBERTSON introduced concurrent resolutionsThe Assembly has passed forty-three bills to-day, ashing Congress for postal, arrangements between the bill was ordered to be engrossed for a thirol read-Mr. GKEEN—I will reply to the Senator from Ohio.Mr. PUGH—I will call np the resolution at any tfce.Mr. GREEN—Mr. Medill was here"when the reeo-itkm was offered. I know what I say, and no manan contradict it. Before he left, a copy of these reso-itions was sent to him, and he read it. No person is protection of property, and if the Territorial Govern-akenby surprise. This has.been astraightforward ment failed to do this, then the Federal Government the time being. The following is the writ of ha- JEairfrom tbe begmning np to the present period,Mr. BA Y ARD (Dem., Bel.)—My opinion is just the limit its operation to Utah. Thi9 Government has the contrary. • He left yesterday morning. power, and it was its duty not only to declare Polyg-count, it is thought, will not vary the result much fromin the County of Suffolk, immediately after the receipt of this these figures. The Republicans have 59 majority in deposits to the United States Court for the NorthernMr. GREEN—Well, that is my information. I do amy a crime, but to provide punishment therefor.not wish to prejudge the case. Although the Senator Mr. BARKSDALE (Dem., Miss.) asked the gentle-from Delaware says the Attorney-General bolsters him man whether, under the same power to prohibit born, and have you then this writ, with the doings thereon.tbe House, against 17 hist year, and 7 majority in theSenate, against 5 last year. To-morrow night the Re-publicans have a grand torchlight procession and with Judge Nelson and other eminent men, had con- illumination in honor of their victory.up, I say there are the opinions of two Attorney-Gen- Polygamy, he would not draw the power to exclude erals directly to the contrary. This is not a question Slavery. So far as he was concerned, he saw a vast of law, but a question affecting the dignity and power difference between prohibiting a crime and excluding of Congress. The Senate and House of Representa- property from the Territories. What waB the gentle- tives, and the Executive, approve a measure, and as-Dated April 3, I860, and signed by Ebcnezer Eockwood Hoar, Associate Justice cf the Supreme Judicial Court.John S. Keyes, John A. Andrews, and Samuel E. Sewell are counsel for Sanborn, and U. S. District- Attorney C. L. Woodbury.and Milton Andrews for the United States. (The hearing is before the full bench, consisting of Judges Shaw, Metcalf, Bigelow, Merrick, and Hoar.tributed or donated certain sums of money to purchase boolsfor the law library of the Northern District, thesert a certain rule for the purpose of adjudicating anaccount, and I deny the right of any officer to set athe associated were not responsible for the introductionvictory here by a grand torchlight procession, the Wide-Awakes, in uniform, and citizens generally, par- ticipating. A hundred guns are being fired, and the city is alive with enthusiasm and excitement.•»Bbode Island Election.PROVIDENCE, R. I., April 4—10 p. m. The State has gone for Wm. Sprague, ConservativeUnion, for Governor, by a large majority. PROVIDENCE, April 4—midnight.moneys of the Conrt.Several bills of private interest were passed, amongdefiance Congress, the Executive, and law. I want of Slavery into this discussion. The gentleman is fromthe law executed. As to the amount of damage. I a slaveholding community—from the same State as hisThe Speaker presented the fiist annual report of tibe*man's opinion ?Mr. GOOCH replied that he and those with whomWATERBURY, Wednesday, April 4,1860.The Republicans of this city are celebrating their property of the State, in consideration of the ad- vantages derived by the bank from the deposits of thehave not one word to say, but it is to vindicate a prin- (Barksdale's) colleague (Lamar); who yesterdayciple. I do not know either one of these parties: Drought Slavery into the consideration of this question. before the Legislature, in the form of resolutions, toof Counties and Courts of Record.To amend the Rural Cemetery Aspociation act.In relation to preferred causes in the Court of Ap-peals and Supreme Court. Recess till 7 p. m.EVENING SESSION.On motion of Mr. FULLER, the bill in relation toThe subject of the arrest of Sanborn was introduced maintain that when Congress passes a law and it is ap- in response to an interrogatory. On the Republican employ the State Attorney-General for the defense.n'catfon from Bobert H. Shearman, late Cashier of the- Hollister Bank of Buffalo, in reply to a. resolution of the Houee.The bill to provide for tbe inspection of steam- engines and boilers, &c, was ordered to a thirdE. reading.,VOTING BY PROXY.The following are the Yeas and Nays on the- thirdt reacing of the bill to prevent stockholders in railroad: companies from voting by proxy:YEAS—Me*«rs. B. Allen, O. Allen," Bingham, Bixby, Briggav Tbe bill passed in the Senate to amend the Metropol- Coleman, Collins. Cu'ver, Dickinson, Ellsworth, EVMLS,- Fiudv itan Police law was reported favorably. Cover, Harris, Holcomb, Hoskins, Hough, Jsck"»ay, JeVctt^ The bill to empower the Board of Metropolitan Po- Johnson, R. S. Kelsey, Kennedy, McFadden, McQnade, Max-son, Merselis, Moulton, A. A. Myert, O'liourie, Pel ton, Pirry.lice to appoint bell-ringers, came up to a third reading. Savage, 81ineerland, J. M. Smith, W. M. Smith, Speaker, Sttt—"never saw one of them, and never expect to, but I The gentleman from New-York (Olin) alluded to it onlyproved by the Executive, no one officer of this Gov- ernment has a right to disregard it and set it aside, un- Isss it be a violation of the Constitution. The Senator from Delaware went improperly, as I think, into the merits of the case. All I ask is that it be referred and Investigated, for I know it is a case worthy of investi-gation.The CHAIR called up the special order.aide, the institution of Slavery had not been drawn into the discussion.Mr. BARKSDALE—Then you decline to answer the question-The resolutions were briefly debated, and laid on the table.P. M.—At the hearing of the habeas corpus writ in Mr. GOOCH replied that he believed, under the the case of Sanborn, his counsel piesented the follow-Thirteen towns give Sprague, 3,808; Padelford, the Quarantine of the port of New-York was re- ported complete.3,692. .This city gives a large majority for Sprague, and heConstitution, Congress has the power to prohibit Slav- ing points:ery in the Territories. When this question comes be- 1. That tbe Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate of the UnitedA large number of other bills were reported com- plete.He defended Mr. Medill, who, he said, had been sick his colleague (Thayer) and another gentleman (McCler-for some time, and had left on that account. But his nand), saying it was utterly futile to commit the Mor-objection to the resolution was, it was improper and mons to the infant settlements of Pike's Peak and others out of the District of Columbia.irregular to make the Senate an accusing body.Mr. GREEN moved to postpone the special order another ten minutes.Mx. PUGH—I object to anv such motion. Mr. GREEN—I do not vield the floor. Mr. PTJGH—I will object to the motion.» Mr. GREEN—I will not yield the floor, and no man has a right to take it from me. I call the gentleman lo order.Nevada.Mr. THAYER (Rep., Mass.) said that one of theAfter hearing the arguments of the counsel, Chief- Justice Shaw briefly reviewed the circumstances of theNORTRFIELD, Thursday, April 3,1860. instructions to strike out the firc-t five sections, leaving The Hon. Levi L. Underwood of Burlington pre- in only a section compelling proprietors of tenementley—45.NAYS—Messrs. Barnett, Beebe, Cadmell, Calli*ot, Carter.-made, X shall object, as, if this is continued, I have- delegates that they wished to have nothing to do with that the Sergeant-at-Arms could not depute his author-elected John W . Stuart of Middlebury, and E. B. months? and imposes a fee of from $3 to, $10 for each motion to recommit the Alms-House bill, with instruc- Barton of Manchester, delegates, aud James Y. French inspection, according to the power of the engiue. It tions to strike out the enacting, clause. The Senateof Montpelier and M. Y. Evarts of Rutland for alter- is calculated tbat there are 0,000 engines in the two adjourned without disposing of tbe question.some amendments I wish to move.Mr. GREEN—I object to any discussion. You shallthe Mormon8.Mr. BRANCH (Dem., N. C.) called the gentleman's ity to another person, there was no doubt, and ail theattention to that part of the Republican platform which Court were agreed that he had no such author- tories, and, in exercising that power, can prohibit person to whom it is given by the Senate. The ordernot discuss the resolution on this motion.Mr. BENJAMIN—I do not permit any gentleman to declares Congress has soverei;rn power over the Terri- ity. A warrant of this sort must be limited to thenates.The California Pony Express.ST. JOSEPH, MO., Wednesday, April 4, 1860. The departure of the California Pony Express last evening was delayed two hours by the detention ofcities. Adjourned;From Onr Own Correspondent.ALBANY, Wednesday, April 4, 1860.CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.In the Atsembly to-day Mr. Van Horn moved to re-ILLNESS OF THE HON. MR. LAW.Mr. Law of Delaware appeared in his seat- for a> few moments this morning for the .first time during- four weeks, during which time he has been confined to his room in consequence of severe illness. He hast- not yet sufficiently recovered to be able to attend to-* his official duties.tell me I shall not do anything.Mr. GREEN—I mean you are not in order, and Iwill call on the presiding officer to enforce the rules. M. BENJAMIN—Very well; then address yourselfto the presiding officer.Mr. GREEN—I do, Sir.Mr. BENJAMIN—I was going on to say, when Iin the Philadelphia Convention, he would not have "The memorial of T« B. Sanborn of Concord,, a free white citizen of this Commonwealth, respectfully showeth that about hut when you undertake to discuss the merits of the need the words "sovereign power." He did not un- the hour of 9 o'clock on the night of April 3, your memorialistthb*e twin relics of barbarism, Polygamy and Slavery, in the Territories.The Massachusetts House of Representatives, by a unanimous suspension of the rules, received the fol-Mr. GOOCH replied that he believed Congress hasfull power, with' the limitation named. If he had been lowing memorial, which was read:Mr. GOOCH replied that they now had one of therelics of barbarism here, and it*was their duty to sup-press it. He believed Congress has full power over The court-room was thronged. all rightful subjects of legislation in the Territories,subject only to the Constitution.the New-York Messenger. In the meantime an im- commit the bill for the Abolition of Capital Punish- mense Crowd had gathered around the Express Office ment, which had been previously ordered to a thirdto witness the inauguration of this great and novel en-terprise. Before the departure of the Express the reading, with instructions to report the following sub- Assembly were addressed by Mayor Thomasonand stitute forthwith:Messrs. Majors and Russell of the Express Company, SECTION 1. No crime hereafter committed, except treason and who in brief and appropriate remarks set forth the murder Jn the mrst degree, »hall be punished with deatn in theMr. BRANCH—Do you beliere Congress possessescate the bill on the ground that polygamy is a viola- tion of inc ividual rights, a violation of all the rights of the people in well organized territories. Slaves . hegether with 49 letters, 5 private telegrams, and somepapers for San Francisco and intermediate points, was,by the request of W . I I . Russell, placed upon thepony, a spirited bay mare, by Mayor Thomason, amidgreat entbueiaem, when tbe little bay dashed off at arapid rate, bearing her burden toward the GoldenState. • # ' ,, Prison maybe situated, commanding the »iid sentence of death; argued, in reply to what had been previously said in the debale, were recognized as property, and as such the holders of slaves were entitled to protection. He then proceeded to speak of the violations of law by tbe Mormons, and of their having instigated the In- dians to the commission of crimes, and made treatiesThe return courier should arrive here on Friday' to be carried into execution.with tbem."Territory.Mi-. McCLERNAND (Dem., HI.) wished to knowon what authority Mr. Hooper said Judge Drummond appeared on tbe judicial bench with a courtesan ?Mr. HOOPER—From the knowledge of sight-seeing;pacity a§related to that Association, but that the-,—I saw it mvself. [Laughter.] so far as I can recollect. When they dragged me into Mr. SIMM'S wished to know whether or not it was the open air, without allowing me to put. on my boots,11 Itrue that the Mormons declared war against the United States; -whether they do not acknowledge the Church as the only supreme power, and whether they haveovercoat, or hat, I called " Murder!" and resisted with my feet.as well as I could, with four stout men holdingthe Kansas-Nebraska act.Mr. WIGFALL (Dem.. Texas) disclaimed wishing not a peouliarcoin of their own, etc. He caused to be me; they dragged me to the carriage, which had beenSEC. 10. All persons now nndor pentonco ofdeath in this State, recognition of him woald be avoided, except aa- inci-to make it a party test. He proceeded at length andsaid, donations of alternate sections would prevent thesale of the public lands. The passage of the billwould be the abandonment' of the revenue, and alsoread a letter from Camp Floyd, attributing certain vio- biought up by a fifth or rixth confederate, and at- tempted to put me in. I broke the side of the carriagelations of law to the Mormons. with my feet; and my sister seizing one of the ralfians, Mr. HOOPER remarked that some things therein he they dropped me on my feet again. Again they tried knew to be fabse. The Monnona are fallible, but to put me in, bnt my sister whipped tbe horse, whichor convicted of murder,,or awaiting.sentence, shall be punished in accoVoHnce with the provisions of this act.SEC. 11. Sections J2, 13,14,19.20, 21, 22,28,24, Hi, 26, and 29 of suidtitleU are-hereby repealed.Mr. Yan HorxCeaad he had made this motion for- rea- sons which were entirely satisfactory to himself, and must commend themeelves to every friend of the origi- nal bill, whieh he had had the honor to introduce and advocate on a former occasion. He had not altered his convictions as to the propriety and juatice of the abso- lute abolition of the gallows, but, had become more and moie convinced of the. jnslico and .propriety. Bat feeling eat'bfied that the .original, bill cduld'not at this time pkes the other branch of the IkJgislature, aud that there was a strong desire td*JfaWa liberal substitute in both Hcuees,!the friends of that bDl, constituting a ma- jority of the Assembly, deemed it to be_ their duty, under the circumstances) to ask a recommitment, with instructions to report the substitute. Under the opera- tion of the principle of this- substitute, executions in other States had been unknown, save in cases of the most atrocious character; and it was believed that under its operation in this State, if it should become a law, the result would be most satisfactory, salutary, and encouraging. " .The friends of the original measure did not wish to be considered as putting themselvea in opposition to. the healthy reform which this substitute will secure" by opposing it. They therefore yielded their more thorough measure, in the expectation that the whole opposition would sustain the substitute and that it would receive such a Vo e in the House as would com- mend it to the favorable consideration of the Senate and the approbation of the people. . He assured gentle- men that, in his judgment, a great reform would bedental to the case.A resolution was moved by the Bev; Dr. J. P..THOMPSON, recommending the persons who conctituted that Counsil which declined to install Mr. Aldrich aa pastor of the Eastern Congregational Church, to pre- pare and publish such a statement relative to their transactions in connection with the examination, and- their intercourse with members of that Church, as in. their views of expediency the interests of the Church.* and the Kingdom cf Christ should demand. The reao-«- lutiou was adopted unanimously.The Bev. Dr. THOMPSON called the attention of the Association to the fact that a notice had appeared to*- the effect that the Trustees of the Congregational Church at Flushing was about to apply in Couxt> foe- leave to mortgage their church property. He said this» appeared strange inasmuch as it was but a very short, time since that Church bad applied for aid to rel6sset them from debt, which had been tendered them by the. various Churches, placing them on entirely clear- ground, with the understanding that the congregation was then in a self supporting condition.The Bev. Mr. STATTS, the pastor of the FlushiMr Church, said, that if suoh was the case he was certainly- ignorant of the fact. . ,The following delegates were elected.to attend,the> meeting of the General Association to be held in Syrar- cuse in September:Printariel-Ktva. Dr*. Budington, Tompkhu, Clart* Pratt*: ^^^R^Dr^heever, tUun. HarrUon, BaylWWilder, Belden. StouEhtenberg. Lancaster.The following Examiners were elected for the «om»year:an expense to the Government, and it would be betterto give $160 dollars out of the Treasury to the home- when he heard wholesale charges against them, and started and foiled them again. They were still strug-lees, than to donate land and go to the expense of es- tablishing land offices to survey it. His railroad bill -was for tue practical purposes for transmitting naval and military stores. Tbe Homestead bill was for paupers.' It was popular to talk of tbe poor. Poverty, he said, was a crime. The man who was poor had sinned, and there was a screw loose in his head some- where- He would amend the title of the bill to read, *' For the encouragement of «n-ime, providing for crim- inals, and violating the Constitution." It was popular, he repeated, to talk of the bone and sinew of the land, of wool, bats and bxogans, but poverty was a crime. He would not pander to prejudice by such talk. The bill provided for tbe Purlieus of London, the Five Points of New-York, and criminal* who violate the law when they got on the lands. The bill provides for thoee whocould not provide for themselves. Gen- tlemen tried to be popular in the introduction of such a bill. It was a great mistake of any man to suppose that the people had no rense. [Laughter.] These lands would oe occupied by the outpourings of jails, &c., and when they were represented in Congress, he •wo ik like to see the man who wore the ermine. Great God! What a sight it would be.Mr. WILKINSON (Rep., Min.) asked if Texas did not give away bands to her own citizens and for-l&x. WIGFALL asked if the Senator was not once xDemccrat?Mr. WILKINSON said he never was.Mr. W I G P A L L replied that Texas could please herown fancy. She had a right to do what she pleasedwith her own property, to give it to a missionary so--ciety, to publish a Bible, or to gamble it off in nell.[Laughter.] Texas was a irta, sovereign State, andexercised rights which were not delegated to this mis-erable one-horse concern in Washington. [Renewed Chorch exercises all the powers of Government.minutes after my first seizure."their being spoken of contemptuously, it made his gling with me and ber—live men against a man and a blood course rapidly in his veins. He scouted the false woman—when the neighbors came running to my aid. charges and imputations heaped on his people. At The ruffians still attempted to kidnap me, but they soon pome other time he would discuss these matters folly. fouud they were overpowered. Then, and not until The coining of money was among the other crimes at- then, did they read^their warrant, in the street, by the tributed to them. "This he explained.by saying that light of a lantern, while I stooayhandenffed and half after the Mormon battalion were discharged after the clothed in their hands. This must have been fifteen Mexican war, some went into Col. Suter's employ-ment; and while digging a race for the cons iruction of a mill, they made the first gold discovery. On return- ing to Utah they took their dnst with them, and hav- ing constructed a rude mint, pat it into coin. It was pure, and answered for circulating purpose in the ab- sence of the coins of the United States, and was sub-ject to whatever standard the Government might pre- scribe. They had a right to change the form of their treasure.Mr. SIMMS said he could appreciate the feelings of the gentleman, and he had spoken of polygamy as a crime against the common law.Mr. NELSON (S.Am., Tenn.) moved the previous question, which occasioned not a little confusion, as some gentlemen designed to debate the subject.Mr. LOGAN (Dem., 111.), amid t&e noise, charged that the floor had been farmed out to certain gentlemen by contract,with the Speaker.The Republicans vigorously called him to order.The main question was ordered to be put—114 against 75.of Albany to Eagle Bridge, Washington County. The amount paid was $307,000. It cost $2,600,000. A new Board of Directors, a majority of them residing in this city, were chosen to-day.Murd«r in Newark.NEW ARK, Wednesday, April -1,1860. John Masteiwon, ah Irishman, about o2 years old, died this morning from the effects of a stab in the bowels from a dirk knife, in the hands of Herman Vilkes, in an affray on Monday evening. Vilkes is in custody. The Coroner's Jury found a charge againstMr. NELSON having reported this bill, was allowedan hour to close the debate. He commenced by speak-ing of the second section of the bill, which proposesto repeal the ac^of the Territorial Legislature, incor-porating the Church of Latter-Day Saints. It was thethe most extraordinary ever enacted on this continent. and Vermont Railroad. The road runs from the CityMassacliiis^tta Politics.NEW-ORLEANS, Wednesday. April 4, i860. At a meeting yesterdav of the Knights of the Golden Circle, Mr. Birkley, the Commander-in-Chief of the Order, answered the charges made against hint••by H Coifing of Great Barringtou and Matthew D. h teld subordinate officers of the Order. A Committee iceasKaddtu. MoQuade. McVenn. Mather, Maxson, Merritt, Mo»elis, Miller, MUbken, MiUhytton, Morgan. Moulton, Au«tiMyres, A- A. Myers, Newell, O'Rourke, Pelton, Regan, ltichardson, Rider Robinson. Seaf)e*, Servin, Slinjjerland, A. Smith. • Henry S. Hulskump, Secretary; Vrejiote Qleichman, H. Smith. J. M. Smith, W. M. Smith, Speaker, Stilson, TaUr,mm1 i'I ipiTTsriyLD, Wednesday, April 4, 1860. The Republicans of the Xlth Congressional District of the State met at Hinsdale to-day, and elected Johnofficers of the association for the enauuy / year: Engel- hardt Thorn, President; Geo. Schults, Vice-President;of S^uthwick as Delegates. They are both Sewardappointed to investigate the matter.The Rev. Daniel Worth.•'> ?,_James Pacsmore, $1,000; Mr. Denlinger, $2,100. Notes and other valuable papers, amounting to some $15,000, were also stolen. An Englishman, about 40 years of age, giving tbe name John E. Froderberry, was arrested on auspioion of being one of the thtavea.Whipple, Vv'iUiatns^Woodruff.NAXS—Messrs. Varcy, Decker, Emortck, Jennings. IL S.Kelsey, Kenntdy, Plumb, Tuokor, Wiley. BRUTALITY.—Last night the Kf.urbor Police arrestedmen.»JLater from Havana.NEW-ORI.KAKS, Wednesday. April 4, I860. The steamer De Soto has arrived, from Havana thecirculating "Helper's Impending Crisis, tencedto imprisoumeht for one year. ,and>aea-•X ,--*•following;about the head, and his w e o w r y U doubtful.iQdwd up in the itwt VVordbUtf'ja.Houj*. 'TJ» a«QU»eawi» .••:<.•••Wi j•'*' —«?;• ., ..-.•i».. . . :.:...;->Ovi\_FAYETTEVIM-E, N. C, April.4,1860. The Rev. Daniel North has been found guilty ofPA88AGK OF BILLS.A larjre number of bilJs were read a third time axd passed m the Awemhly to-day, among which wore, thaJames 8initb, second mate of th« •hip John Phyfe, jost arrirwl from GUWROW, cha'ged with b»atittg in & brutal manner Oeerm Alini, theW mate of the. same v w ^ AlnU ww badly iniu*»A.vArrestofFrank B.Saiaboi._« | JLafesi£>oineg©fthe JLegislatixre* SoaTok, Weauesa^ i^prfl:'4/1860. I Spwiial Dispatch to The R.-T. Tribune. m&%$£ % K W lP. B. Sanborn was arrested at Concord hk UnitedALBANY, Wednesday, April 4-—11 p.-in. fandpnWtah an edition Of the KevlSe« SfeftJMW; ihot The bill to abolish the Aims-House D.ep^rtment, and they are to receive iM'tmpeDJS&litm fjfowthe pubiia *R GREEN (Bern., Mo.)—The Senator does not their communication in response to a call of the House, Senate Committee. Judge Hoard of the Supreme Aims-House bill in the Senate, between Messrs. Spxa- establish a Board of Public Charities, wt?s farther de-' treasury therefor. _•.-••'••-.| hearing is now progressing in this city. Committee, to report complete, and will probably be SECOND DISP A TCH. amended so that the Supervisors instead of the Gbv-Watson Freeman, jr., Deputy U. S. Marshal, and ernor will appoint the Commissioners.Mr. REAGAN said early action should be taken, in Silas Carleton, Deputy Sergeanfr-atrArms of the United The Assembly bill for, the appointment of DistrictStates Senate, calledat Sanborn's residence at 9 o'clock Canvassers and Inspectors of Election was reportedcomplete in the Senate.ment proposed an appropriation of $1,000,000. It were he was handcuffed and taken to a carriage at the door, • There seemB to be noreasonable doubt of the passageport complete. „• The following bills were ordered to a third reading:Relative to the University of New-York City.'ion on the subject, fTbis act* divide* the Vltii Civil Judicial DtetrfeV composed of the Sixteenth, Eighteenth, ,Tjf< _ _ and Twenty-first Wards, into two district*-the Etefit-Mr; ST ANTON moved that the subject be made the special order for Tuesday.otder that the people of Texas may know whetherTo amend the Constitution, and abouahing the prop- eenth and Twenty-first Wards hereafter to coterty qualification. •'.. • the Vlth, and the Sixteenth and Twentieth tin V I O T Lhas nower on the premises. It was not a crime against beas corpus could be obtained. It is said the writ has mostly private and local. the United States. Congress cannot legislate wiselying. .WIDENING FOURTH AVKKUK, BROOKLTIC.Mr. Collins, from the same Committee, rem"Hie}* complete the bill to provide for widening Forrrth ave- nue, in the City of Brooklyn, which waa also ordt we4 to be engrossed for a thira reading.ANOTHER NEW COUNTY.Tbe bill to erect the new County of ConhocU*»» from Steuben, which had passed the Senate, waa a *- dered to a third reading in the Assembly. ,CANAL BILL.The bill to provide means for the completion of tha» canals was called up on its final reading, when Mr. B* Allen moved to recommit to the Canal Committee^, with instructions to restore the Chenango Extension* claute, which was lost. Mr. Beebe moved to recom- mit, with instructions to strike out the approoriatiom 'or the completion of the extension of the Genesee- Valley Canal, which waa also lost, when the bill wa» pnt upon its final reading, and was carried, 95 to 8, the> negative being Messrs. B. Allen, Decker JDickhwoa, Dorsch, Earll, Kortright, Mather, and Kichard&oxu So the bill was sent back to the Senate shorn of Ch*~ nango and " long-locks."DUDLEY OBSERVATORY.others the following: ,To compel better attendance at the offices of Clerks Trustees of the Dudley Observatory. Also a-comma-and properly for the Territories. He said that if the been prepared for some time in anticipation of the ar-• Connecticut Election.HARTFORD, Wednesday, April 4,1860. The Courant figures this merning 14 Republican Senators out of the 21, and 60 majority in the House, against 17 last year; and Bays Buckingham's majoritywill reach 600.Returns from every town in the State give Bucking-ham, Rep., for Governor, 536 majority. The officialMexico and the United States. Laid over.Pending the motion to tahefrom the table themotion to recede from the amendments of the Senate to the.Assembly Toll bDl, the Senate adjourned.ASSEMBLY.Mr. WEBSTER asked unanimous consent to moveforward the bill to commute the death sentence of Mary Hartuner.Federal Government had any power whatever in the rest. Deputy-Sheriff John B. Moore served the writ matter, as asserted by gentlemen, it had the power to of habeas corpus and arrested Sanborn, which endedmake the Territorial Government pass laws for the the mission of the United States Marshal's posse forMr. GOOCH (Rep., Mass.) offered an amendment, not differing in general principles, but in the details, from the bill under consideration. He designed toA communication was received from tbe cashier of the Hollister Bank, Buffalo, in response to the inquiries of the Assembly, whether any interest was paid forwiit, to do and receive what our said Justice shall then and there consider conorning him in this behalf, and summon the said Silas Carleton then and there to appear before our said Justice to show the cause of the taking and detaining of the said Frank B. San-District, from which, and from the remarks of Mr. O. ALLEN, it appeared that the managers of the bank, by consent of Judge Hall, after consultationfore the House, he would tell the gentleman whence States has has no power out of the District of Columbia, which is probably elected by not lees than 1,500 majority.Mr. BA Y ABD moved to postpone it for ten minuteB. he derived the power. He reviewed the schemes of is exclusively under the jurisdiction cf Congress.The Legislature is also agains!; the Republicans.— • • .2. That the precept for arrest being directed to the Sergeant- at-Arms by namejhe alone can serve it.3. That the Sergeant-at-Arms cannot deputize his power toVermont Republican Convention. Mr. WEBSTER moved to recommit the bill, with eon, Van Alstyne, Van Horn, Voorheet, Watih, Wetnter, Wi-Delegates from thoee Territories savs that they areentirely willing to take the responsibility, and further, case, stating that it presented no conflict of authority day, when the following delegates were choBen to the Agreed to.Flagler. Hall. Jaques, Jcnninci, Kortrigfa, McVean. Mather. Mer-ritt, Miller. MiUlken, Millinirton. N*well, OdeU; Regan). RichardsoD, Robinson, Servis. H. Smith, Taber, Taggart, Tuck»-that the Mormons, in groat numbers, are.traveling to- Chicago Convention: E. N. Briggs of Brandon, Peter between the Executiue of the United States and theward Pike's Peak and Carson Valley, to engage in Executive officers of this Commonwealth. As to the L Washburn of Woodstock, E. D. Mason of Rich- mining. mond, and E . C . Reddingtoncf St. Johnsbury. The Mr. GOOCH had no donbt^hat they were willing first point taken, the Court were not prepared to say followirg were chosen as substitutes: Reynolds Car- to do all they could'to get a Territorial organization. that the Senate,could not have its precepts served out- penter, jr., Daniel Needham, W. C. Wilson, and H.The following bills were passed:To authorize an addition to the Kings County Luna- er, Vanan, Vermtlye, "Whipple, William*—48.Mr. BENJAMIN (Dem., La.)—If that motion is He was, however, told this morning by one of these side of the District of Columbia. On the third point, K. Slaybon.of the Court was that Sanborn be discharged.The rendition of the decision called forth demon- strations of applause, which were speedily checked.• _— From Albany.ALBANY, Wednesday, April 4, I860.* The Senate Railroad Committee beard the stage proprietors, and others interested in the New-York City railroads, to-day. The Committee favor the bill. The Supply bill is perfected, and will be reported to-morrow. 'A John Brown meeting was held here last night inresponse to an address from Hayti to citizens of Albany, congratulating them on the demonstrations made in honor of the martyrdom of John Brown. Mes3rs. Parker Pillsbury, A. M. Powell the Rev. M. Miller,tand others, addressed the meeting, and addresses toton, by 2,500 majority.Mi^t^^Rev. Mr. Byte of Lomberland; Hebrew wd < » i ^ Mr IrJwXn/ Newark, N. J.; TheoJo?ic*I Doetrin,After an entertaining, personal, firey debate on thefour hours but for the courtesy of General-Superin- and the jury before whom any person indicted for murder-intendent Haywood, of the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad, who. brought him here by a special train from Palmyra, 192 miles, in 4 hours and 57 minutes—making eight stops of five minutes each.either decree shall ba tried, shall, if they find such person guilty thereof, find in the verdict whether it be under the.first or •econd degree.SEC. 3. Upon any indictment against any person for murder in the first degree, it shall and may be lawful for the jury to find Buch accueed pel son guilty of murder in the Becond degree.The case of the Eastern Congregational Church in New-York came up for consideration, and was mad*of habeas corpus being served on the said Carlton by Deputy-Sheriff Moore of Concord, in your County of Middlesex, said and fifteen minutes. At 1\ o'clock, the bag containing SEC. 4. When any person shall be convicted of any crime the subject of quite a lengthy conversation. A paid.writ being granted by, and bearing the signature of the Hon. 13. B. Hoar, one of the Commonwealth's Justices of the Supreme Court, the said Carlton did neglect aud refuse to give up the body of your memorialist or remove his handcuffs, but y«ar re- monstrant was taken forcibly by your Sheriff from the custody of said Carlton and his companions, though the aforesaid writ of habeas corpus called for the body of your momorialist,-and was duly served by the proper officer. AH of which he conceives to be a grievous violation of bis richts as a citizen of this Common- wealth ; andtherefore he Prays lor such relief from your honor- able body as hla safety and your own dignity may require.April 4,1860. " " T. B. SANBOltN, Boston." After reading the above memorial, a resolution to instruct the Attorney-General of the State to act as counsel for Mr. Sanborn, was taken from the table, 142 to 70, and debated at length. The resolution was passed at the third reading, and was then tabled. The result in the Court being known, Tarlton and other officers engaged in Sanborn's seizure were arrested onwarrants from the Police Justice of Concord, and re- leased on personal recognizance to -appear there on Friday for hearing. Mr. Sanborn makes the follow- ing additional statement in regard to the arrest:" I at firet offered no resistance, but when the hand- cuffs were put on I refused to go, not having heard any warrant, or seen any, signatures, or been told the names of the officers, or the nature of my effense,He arrived so as to only delay the Express two hoursvoluminous telegraphic dispatches from all parts of punishable with death, and sentenced to such punishment, lie advertisement bad been published in Tkt Independent^shall at the same time be sentenced to confinement at hird labor the country for The Sacramento Union. The San *n the State Pri»on.until such punishment of death shall be in-Francisco Bulletin, and The Alta California, to- flicted.certifying that the Bev. Mr. Aldrich bad been pastor<- of that church, and had been the means of doing great good among its members.The Bevs. Dr. J. P. Thompson, Dr. Budington,, Mr. Jocelyn, Tompkins, Bartlett, had been appointed delegates to a Council which was convened for the* purpose of examining Mr. Aldrich with a view to»installation; but for reasons not reported to the Asso-- ciation they"—the members of the Council—unanimous— ly declined to proceed to installation.next, April 13, when the advices he brings will be promptly forwarded to the Associated Press. All tele- graphic dispatches for this route are duplicated on paper, beside a triplicate being taken on linen prepared for the purpose in indelible ink, and carefully sealed. Water-proof copies are thus forwarded to different points in order to guard against any chance of delay or miscarriage.ATCHISON, Wednesday, April 4,1860. Tfte pony express to San Francisco made the first 45 miles to Kinckuka in live hours and ten minutes,the pony showing no signs of fatigue.•The Santa Fe Mall.INDEPENDENCE, Wednesday, April 4, 1860. 1*he through mail from Santa Fe" arrived here to-day. Th& latest dates are to the 27th of February, but the conductor says he has been on the route 16 days only.Th*s mail came by-the Rattoon Mountain route;No hostile Indians were seen. ^Fhe United States forces at Fort Union have been sent against theApache Indians, who are again at war.300 lodges of tbe Araphoe and Cheyenne Indianswere pitched 50.miles above Bent's Fort. They are at:war with the.Utes, and 'are'going up tio give them battle. A great many trabs were passed coming in, and some met goirg to the gold mines..The gTass is yet very scarce except in the valleys, and this retards the starting of emigration to Pike's Peak.Tbe burnt district in this city will all be built upon this Snmmer, as almost all the parties buxned out are able, and more substantial and bettor buildings will be put up*The indignation here against Gov. Stewart and his abettors is very great; and hanging and burning in effigy is the order of the day.•-i «i» ;—• Fires.CLARK3V11XE, Tenn., Wednesday. April 4,1860. Thomas <fc Co.'s and Larkia &. Cb.'s tobacco estab- lishments, with many other buildings, were destroyed by fire last night. Loss not yet ascertained, but it isvery^heavy.LOUISVILLE, Ky., Wednesday, April 4,1860.The wholesale drug-store of Suciift'e Preuss is now (5yp. m.) on fire. The bulk of the stock will be ma- terially damaged by fire and water.At a special meeting of the Bellevue Hospital Medi- cal B'pa^i iheld on Tuesday evening, at the house of Dr^fWeftft.7 Wood, Dr. Isaac Wood called the meet- qjig to order, and stated that they had assembled to take action in regard to the death • of the late Aims-HouseSEC. 6. Every person convicted of murder in the second de- gree shall bo sentenced to undergo imprisonment in one of the tftate Prisons, and be kept in confinement at hard. labor,-for his or her natural life.SEC. 7. Section 1 of title 1, chapter 4, part 4. Revised Statutes, shall be amended so as to r»ad as follows:Every person who shall hereafter beconvtctedV first, of trea- son agawut the people of this State; or Becond, of murder; or third, of arson in the first degree, as those crimes are respectively declared in this title, shall be punished as herein provided.SEC. 8. Sec. 18 of said title 1 is hereby amended so as to read as follows:The inquisition of the Jury shall be signed by them aud-the Sheriff. If it be found by such inquisition that such cenvict is insane, the Sheriff shall convey such convict to the Lunatic Asy- lum for ineane cmvtcts, there to be kept at the expense of the State until such time as the Superintendent thereof shall certify to the Governor that *>aid lunatic is sane, and the Governor may thereupon issue his warrant for his execution, if he was con- victed of murder, in the first degree, or may direct that h» be imprisoned in one of the State Prisons according to law.SEC. 9.' The provisions of this act for the pnalshment ^of mur- der in the first degree'shall apply to the crime of.treason, aud the punishment of murder in the second degree, an herein provided, shall apply to-all crimes now punishable with death, except as herein provided. 'Itwasdesiredbysomeofthemembersx>fthe Asso- ciation that the public should be apprised of the fact that Mr. Aldrich never had been installed pastor of * the Eastern Congregational Church at least in its e»-^hot«W.or Isaac Townsend. On motion of Dr. Clark, secured by the passage of this bill—that, in fact, nearlyThe Albany and Vermont ELaiSroadu 4 Committee, consisting of Drs. Clark, Parker, and all the objects sought by the original bill would be se- lyu, BiblWl tehitory and Literature—Prof Martin, New-York7The Knights of the Golden Circle.•Brooklyn; Ecclesiastical Hi»tory~-Rev. Che*-,' S.A BrSl?n jfcck^tcal Politj-Rev. Dn Sfcorr,, BrjwjCJTROY, N. Y., Wednesday, April 4,I860. Parties in this city, to-day, purchased the Albany^J&tee& R. Wood, was appointed to give expression to cured by this. It was substantial the law of Maine, Pastoriral Theology—*«v. Dr. Thompson, New-Yoak.Untitled Document•T.:"• ? • * « *Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069;•y»-,;.'•.'• .-.Canvassers in Mew-York. • , ^ > .';;• • that the Controller shall procure a suitable place fcrThe bill to incorporate the South-Western Mining- holding Court in tbe VHIth District. The SapervS' eors are required to appoint a Clerk to tbe new CJonrtV.Chittenden, D.Clark, P.Clark, Conkliag, Cook, Cooper, Cor* sided ovei the Republican State Convention here to- houses to provide means of escape in case of fire. deliui, Couchman, Crane, Decker, Dwrijtht, Earll, Emerlok*tic Asylum building.To amend the Brooklyn Drainage act.To provide for the inspection of steam,boilers inA motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Soo- the biU may be called up again.THE ALMS-HOUSE.New-York and Brooklyn. The bill provides that allThe let District Convention was also held here, and stationary engines shall be inspected once every six to-day in listening to the views of Mr. Spinola on &-in the perpetration or attempt to perpetrate any arson, rape, robbery, or burglary, or in auy attempt to escape from imprison- ment, shall be deemed murder in the first degree; and all other kinds of murder shall be deemed murder in the second degree;day, the Bev. BUKUS W. CLARK, D. D., Moderator, and the Bev. Mr. WILDER Scribe.The semi-annnal meeting of the Association was a p - pointed to be held at Paterson in the month of October. next. ,'. •.The Bev. Mr. Bulkley of Paterson was elected *. member of tbe Association.SEC. 5. No-person so sentenced or imprisoned shall be exe- cuted in pursuance of such sentence within' one year from tbe day on which such sentence of death shall be "passed, nor until tbe whole record of the proceedings sh?U be certified by the Clerk of the Court In which the conviction was had, under the seal thereof, to the Governor of the State, nor until'a warrant shall be issued by the Governor, under the great se*l of the State, directed to th© Sheriff of the County in which the StateMassachusetts and Vermont, where, under its opera- tion, crime had greatly decreased and executions had become exceedingly rare.Mr. Wiley pitched into the substitute m the samefuriously-theological manner in which he had attackedthe origiral bill, distributing the thuuderbolte of God swiath with an energy almost equal to that of. .Ur.Cheever; but I judge that he did noti fr«f?hten tbefriends of the measure much, as they didn t tninic itwoith while to answer htm, but immediately movedthe feelings of the Board. The Committee reported a preamble and resolutions lamenting the decease of Mr. Townsend, testifying to his worth, and condoling with his family.FIRE AND LOSS OF LIFE.—On Monday morning, at about 3 o'clock, the house of Asa Warren of Naples, Maine, took fire and was entirely consumed. Mr. Warren, having removed his wife, daughter, and in- fant, returned to rescue hiB son, a boy of eight years old, but both perished. From appearances, it seems that he reached the room where the child was, and after arousing him, attempted to save his books, which were in the same room; but the fiames cut off their egress. In making her escape, the daughter was con- siderably burnt about the head*.. EXTENSIVE ..POCKET-PICKING.—A gang of pick-pockets made a descent upon Lancaster City, Pa., lastweek, and succeeded in making the following rob-beries: David Lnndis lost $901; Isaac Miller, $1,510; Tasgart, Van Alstyne, Van Horn, Voorhem, JKaUfr, Wcbtttr. Assistant Secretary; Henry BUhL, T reasurar.!•-.:•,.•••:The attention of the Senate was mainly occupiedStanding in the Christian Church and motive for entering the* . • ""' •0r>»«k—.•Ii, SEESAS S V W T BBSSBwww.fultonhistory.com 