w 'ieMa of the aeragllo and harem. RdcbsiPashahad Wauwbu and his master could nottbe gatescommenced levying tax,..-house IskeptMexlcaa deb's to American boadholdert,aad Ae,hascausa In a limited aad very peculiar way. Tbe letterTBQS NEW^ FROM EUROPE. TBI mnSTSBIU CHiHSE IV FEA5CE.Bade iidleBki«i,aai so the U<loat Idoat.—4iiftiiHrT—daesOeS^ hiB,^eT^aBdhala»UB, «kUe the bturt,to^iyuad fMeMMaar AiaBeielaye^c*r:wu4-|:~litraasMli la k TMaeea- Ihe imaty of«• at Ihe Bank le^ajr wan a«Bla lasga, FitlifeaB la leiahirt rtreet atlliTka tnJMi of a Coigrets CoBiBercia]asnoihertopic,orratherbraadtofItIla IhtaeaddrihearednjtolloaMexicansovereigatC';but was coaSaedteiheratesanHeBaad.AaericaB aerehaat froa send-n* Uaiif iVsH* sar*.'rttft'HM athen aa watwUtloBiUy wtoyyear Its iaveator a fortune.rightdepeads.view, upon the aata-'j:ofbyv»j TebusatMso,betweentheDaltadthe stead of M. le Comte Wauwsxi, whose;Abudoned. and Ocneral Kew*.la ais same review at the Tailetisa Theatre,teadeacyAn ibrtract of the iotellisence bjr the Africa, Oerefire ai eiiggeratloa end sa absurdity. Theirtlefe arrtrrd THtericr moniloir, wiOi LtTsrpaol data* to tks 7lh Uiiut, «u gircn la the largarporUan ofowmoralacliMW.^Thaaewibu.bMBTBiTbrtoflf utielpated by theimportance which 1 attdch to aU this li, that you can-cord, baabag^ geae rally,com paay with Cardinal Aavoiniu. I must oira I Ihe burden of the wit of the The entirewhatever they Bay be hmd. These ve connt^"aiMiiiii, wUeh arrind at St. Johju, N. F., an Frl- -^day.lMlOrtwnroBiterth.]^^.Htil)l1i«ilM(MW(raltltl*atofiie proposed Congress ..Jffgt t»U« efeet that Priaea GoarsoHAXorr bad seton Malta, or tbe Mellta of tbe0*t tnm St.__t tk* riwiiess will meet at alLt the Coograu will Mrar f^*- U ptobabluI^t Fraooe aad KngUnd »m^km^tftK»*tloi^M all ibrelxa Mnfanao* on" And the Devil sailed, for it pat hla in a^l^ad Of Cala aad hU brother AbeL''^FKANCB..^e laperlal Speech aa NewTear's Day— at snd buying toys—aad you, no doaht, know thatPatenbttigbMto do with the and aad ex- parade drill,know Iww tbe Boulevards for maay aad thus at an snd actife srllh poats open syapathyjooiBal denies this, and states lad been postponed indefinlteif. r tbat It is extremely uncer-istence of volunteerland may fliat oat to her cost. Ixicd Etoao Iswith booths for the sale of these objects, aad how the Liberal eatise, aad Innicates a The Austrailaa aad Bsinbay mails have snlia*. hardly dlagnised'; tbenai atoSslUdo tot hendf. Sneh a deelaiatlon livoald, lUf beUesad. be raadlly acquleaced tn bf all the Trindpat yupui of the continent The ItaliansOf our arms. '>i<tJH).i»r<>«'tr««a«ra Tbeyaikonlyaa the — — new) Freaeh 8tsi«e Bypaeciaaa A ^•OBattdag(.jaMMtfWen, this year we an tresisd to a lot of iadescrlptlble iiittoU, which are called Aaeriean. At every atep^iMidU catbeirowa. italy wants no othwhalp_FroB Our Own Oorreapeadsat." Here's American Tiratr r"—a sort of your'deaaad for aMoey, "r 4|V.«W Taeogaitkin aa 7«ung brethren In (caedom. CwVeMrlnBger'ssllbboldltt The Put remarks It,ingto remain non-committalof the chapter, or rather to tbe end of the Boalevar4s.to any part of the new Mexican route between,«nld .k* nry stitng* ahoold France to ppposeto on Ihat occasion—for a time yet as wished anythought of putting it so on to the end ; ^aiounce standard.Tbe Baaway mffie o( the Weatsra Bead, for flfo«MM»lir Ua t—urns of any treaty the adrantage which "TT Tff"~'~ I* ***'. and whleb by slaiply conttn- -i^t»tv>» mpset flteaeta of the Italian people she la•MttomUin.. 'ThePaikaomspoDdentoftheLondonAdatrtiter pilt srna nunored la Parla Uiat Lord Cowur hadgOM to London with the Emperor's proposals, that Fnac* aad England abooU at once declare that they will acither InterfiBre tiienuelres, nor tolerate any in--. tattereace, in the affairs of Italy.The Paris Afimitnn- thus formally announces theaN|epwl-yYork and theIn France it is tbe fsshlon to make presents on that ihe pre*ent treaty will be found larirely to la-.main silentAmrrics.happyoccasionlortheenunciationofoneofthose oneman,(whomusthavebeensomethingofafar- ItIsobviousthattillsconcessionoftheJuatexCar- anUcresseoverthat ofIBMofXl,8M,aSI,aadmysterious sentences upon which may be hung. In all eear,) who Iiad tiimaelf photographed oa the back of emment to the United States does not compromise over tbat of I8M of'£l,4U,«4fi.jiaUi eiaent of Connt Walswsxi:satisfying everybody.overlook the Irreverence of such aplace, this was literally, to tbe receivers of the cards,Nai«Laoa, by the grace of God, and the National will, Bmpe/or of the Freacli, to all present and fu-ture, have decreed arid do decree as followsA^ia, 1. M. SI Thoutisxi, Ambassador atConstan-which added to tbe average aanual increase mokestlaa la accepted.Ah. S. M. Baiochi, President of the Council ofState, wlli act 04 nitmra aa Minister for Foreign Aflkirsnatll the arrira) of M. Tbodtucsl."recognized right" over the revolted Romagna. on in tbe shape of porters, letter-carriers, &c , had a rigtit,as either ofpass, heretofore, by way CapeAax. 3. Our Minister of State is , ezculioaofIhepresentdecree.chargedwith thean Increase citing scene atall the old barriers of Paris. Not only llElLTieii. While the gold aud silver mines of tbat ing£40,030 over those of the correspoad- Testerda^tbe Railway marketBoce at the Palace of the Tuileries the 4th of Jesnary, 1660. NAPOLEON.had millions worth of property been iHiu^ht up by speculators, and brought into the iawlttue wUh the view of escaping the city tax for the entry of provis-riers, and the consummation of the act which wits to constitute them Parisians. As the clock struck tbe first soimd of midnight the heavy Iron gates wereand by tbe hands, or uni't-r the supervision of Eag-;CMuatertlzLed, Acbillb Fom.D, HiBister of State.toggerypressed.country have been worke-l so well that they are re- puted by M. CuBVALUxato bave yielded £592,000,000 sterling since the discorery of America, the iron aad lead mines bave ft-arcely t>een examineduvvai BS adeciaratioo tbat Napolsoh III. Is disposedwhere iron has sometimesFrand the Caderwriter apeacialThe frigate Congrets, Capt. GouwBOKonax,forlha Itallaa cause.having suddenness of speech to the Pope's Nuncio on Recognized Rights, the change is supposed to did not fall to excite observation. These two inci-through the gates as best they could. The crowd,tained the linited these are ruiasideratians by Slates,letters to Dec 28 confimi the iud- daa disatlssal of Knaisu Fashi, and affirm that it was caased by bis demanding a settlement of thetherefore a Minister to be considered hostile to Eng-which must always render us equally aaxioat for tbe sage from Philadelphia, where she reaiaiaed fl itft, happy tranquillity of Mexico and auUcitous for lU ladspea- and left tbere oa account of the yellow fover, twarmilintinnrlnland, yet the(iiggeit that some darljig and sadden scheme of ac- tion was propotinded in tbe French Cabinet, and tliateverywhere cheered, aad maay were theglasses emptied that night to the happy marriage ofIchangeof a skillful seaaan. His flag-ship, tha C'sttgvus, te an old favorite here, harlng beea foarSheBaatent—Caae af Bflas Reaaaad.Troaa Oar Own Oorraapoadeat. Loncv, Friday, Jan. 8, I8R0,The Bifle Volunteer morement is atill on the ncrease, bat tbe fructification of the crop of Cad-aas isfussy, priggish, conceited, busy noblemen, is doing mora to check and injure the growth of the rolun- teer corps by bis efforts to render them ridiculous in appearance, than the titled utilltuian coxcomb canhe has displayed a connolsaeunhip just sufficient to -obtaiB him tbe respect of the eoltrits In London, aadupprocession, involuntarily get— Miss Sasau P. Rbmoss. 1iino means so real or so solid as may be teagtaed orer Europe, except by the best-informed Bca, or OTen in England, where popular notloiu pre- TaU. A foolish Lord, one of tbe modem type ofSzjoua am ful residence of hell accident'•• *hi*h Is stack a earlcature of the jlWasteMi India.Ireland, have beenfor more than ourwe come In ordinary share of crit-Miirquif. allhoiTgh suffering from his w-uund, hiis leftjustice, ail. IssustainedThe Treaty Arseati.e^_^ War efthe'TiM* "Ei- iHanyi Tha olstb, I oadarstand. Is toregimentte fear from the toiares of men."It is superfluous te add ,teat this appersnt lelianoeby'to anybody, should he receivetheir names were cried or not hardly worth tha pains.LBBBL,''andadjoint Mayorsd'Kit-U)e]rnoQ-eompensato sea dtttpaacsesagesavingofadlee InavotdlBgthathat the Prince Consort Is the Muayla, is appointed Minister of Foreign Affi^ire, to invisible man in gray, who is actmg as;formsofgovernment thedeposedDukesapplyittowell-beingThe effectwastoreducehla aa President of the Tanximat. It was> such a nervous atFrench ministe-It is also related ai a:reallycostumer on this occasion. If s«, and Lord Elcho be meiely a Lord Echo of the Court voice, then we mustfor tbe British Volunteers. So much for tills not unimportant question, if I may judge by the dis- Tha LoadoB TV'inss regards the dismissal of Wa- satisfaction and disgust I have heard on all sides ex-Italian Duchies; while the Pope applies it to his more than the tisual number of domestics and mus hangers- ahut. In all probabilitv. If she were to obtain suchT^would admit of a dlWead oa tlte total expsaditurato 413 cent For the week equivalent per ealiafDec. 31, the traffic receipts of the Wefit.em Road showwas less active, tmt prices were well supported.resigna-the vast b'lik of her Paoiic trade would coa-tinuc tofive franc piece photographed on the bjck of his visit- Horn, or by way of the Cape and Australia, in Mexicoing cards, and sent one to each of the ezpecuiit trtr,e It.'eif he has, liowever, ^.eruliar Interests, o' \ Manyto eeramlt himself to the more liberaiUse of pciloy, to cast himself into the Italian caaseiand toasBlotain it against all the powers of despotismaad all the bottllity at the Church. The r>me> warns ropethe Saipesor tfast although he may counl on the sym- what the reasoa may be, and what their respective pathy o( Snglana in his stand for the Italians, he must nsilons may gain or lose by the change. Tbat most •stazpecttbat she will join him inanoOenslTe alll-aao* against the other powers.ctuiitry itself,ir.cutsrlly of equal value with tbe M.CifXVAixtsacomputestheannualexportofsilverto as^generousTbebe aware of. Lord £ioho his hitherto beencoanected with arls rather than arms. In the former of Ireland were brought, at the close of another drawnindispensable,no little confusion to thethe court The Emperor aad Empress sit oo thetKK/tr, (banier ofiuorgateofheiL)countrypoislblyyour tetter of yet.terday*p date.at Montevideo, and the Brntttriige upwould not Xnglacd, joining suck a aant. That be Is a humbug in judgment, aad a their Hialsters, wholly ignoring the national will ofladles,they choose,andmade of velvet lined with white satin andflieoeatoaiptof artists and amateurs on the Contl-to make threebows Intnibjecledother bur-as tender to teeTheir Imperial Majesties tte Emperor sad Ea-have -tefl Bahia and gone te Peiaaari>aoa.floaksy la patronage, I scarcely think tbat HoaaisHooas, that most renowned and iU-trested art- critic,anhld Jeoy, There are men bom to be wrong, eron gether, when most bitewiing to do right. There are insects judicialwUch perform the fuactlons of life wiien theirbrains are removed and replaced by cotton-wooi>Ajaonghum&n insects there is often to be seen a SSLL, a CLAazsDoa, a Wodkbucsb. or a Cowi.st ? Andptetscounay, Tbey will be sbseat anotter montt or two. Aimelancholy amount of activity coexistent with thenormal atitence of Ihe cerebral matter. GiTe such a perorcreature opportanilies in the shape of a fortune, a bility, capable of receiving the proxy of little Saidlnia>ofBut how few ariire at that point! Somawhat Is CAlled referred to la one of HypniAirrn,and in rase of need toherStates, all lawful aid andtote seemteglyreaUty.^^title, a seat In the House, and a Harrkaa toqutnii or teriiatdi, and it is surprising what mischief may be affected by so small a thing.Lord Eicao has taken upon himself to l>e counselto tbe whole nation as to the eciuipment and dress ofthe Tolunteeis. Be lias held meetings; he has or-gaalxadesaialtteas. J91d fDgy Generals have agreedwhere tahle-lurningof the of Departmentbote were to, as preerraaged, for a mora a*ac boughta son of tbe Judge. The Insurance eoapaaiee byLEWIS CASS. were of course called upoa, and, snspeettag aolhlafof England, inrislble, indeed:rij^^ after seconds and the same umpire were present at this as at thefir^t Sghu The duel was fought in an artist'spublishsil hired lor the purpose on account of the cold. The futed, whatever, on the other hand, may be tee sub- moaey. The healte of the portof.Iba saaM predous material, and yellow knicker-thought properespouse thelliipilipi^__^|ai|l. snil jniTT'lhmight lated, it was argued, with effect.^ mi_t,e.m.tiuiji.l[t<|aWft'lirtwlliy m$. iMAn, who has got into the goodwithPott, {Lord Pabnfrtlani (trgm.)Southamptoa to, brings«yMg^#TlA4CUW*Co.What, you will ask,appears whichItwouldbeNj;^^''XJ dLlflWIMM "'I hi' 1l '"'"»** *• ttj^ ••'»TM?%,~L- a t.«Mn<if ttiTrI/au,temporalities," ' *^-~'*""-""———'"• T-"- 'of commercial and concluded between the UnitedAdd to this a hood, look-New-Year's day this year has been produstlre In, I ri Iin'must and aceai,e, reoiociUation look place. The of and who, aboveof a horaefa huejg|i[l^|etty like ajaUy-l>ag hanging beh— of'!'**"-Puttingthe name of Naha SAaisVarietea, for example, we' ills----- MALAKOFF-of protectionof teoKteg Ktegs, haind the cui-of of Circassia, Foiaad,aside cmelties andbasis by tee certamly nothin*gBa Ceafodorattaa-Olaae<^*M0, ISosiBaath to avoid.treatymilitary transport Stetes aad thsmeat has I dirt color, itfeJMchapel Pastat8,jzprea)lsg bis approralof the Sues Caaal Turkish Grand Vizier Kirxisu Pacha has just been After these follow thepresentUl IBu l hjllOa_5'_«a!"t.an axetaslva fonOle thebeetbillsarealU^ emtk^ AsH iJbUvlifbUltrefMsroLBoaoffend tte Papal Ctaurahas1kwa iasU aat a t^aiB w|^ no talker<^Ifar^iofllLoaAesilaofCatho^ wllhtheshr1pesnBal^lha«i»ag«(r.' TkathMr-seleetloa eeartet. la Sunmerlfeai giaaa.StatestatenslB agaiaat thsarpUeafieas IPoeatforrllleaMa,tiSeatioaT Isaotelves tto ae- Bttpulatloa may bethoaghtia bear Iha ceharacter of iatroduohsg tkei.goodVJtodinherra to thea-Mwo^tMlaaf-BBgiaadaiaand graen Is naddataBy the beet solor. Our ancient archers ware net etad la Lincoln green for aottdsg. TherewillMTerbeaaInvasionofEnglandlathe Wtaler. At a when men are not very visi-flssh of theirlie Barope Thistory U assumed for the oeeastaawhea he assignsdlatance,ble, riflemen fire in the direcUon of the, would meclode aayCity—f:oppooeaU' guns. Tbe Invisible BriUshThe review af tha Patels Royal Theatre is entitledsloo, aad,BBBsaalaasadi oeaaaiaai; ttH kaa heaa of tte were rather lets aalavorabU. Ia the fliaital mw-and that youth U .foad of attire sod attracted by the desire of appealingnot change human nature,brav*inmartialhsblllments. Tlike (he^^present Duke of WxtunanH, coadeon In lids respect, vis.: tbe strutting dwut la regtmentals, is tke very ttJng to be considered with complacencybriefly the alleged BoBBemlal stipalatiaulike tbat voyage. So much piety on board force of admirable coaeeiaas at this theatre are treaty, aad la exehaage for eo* edesjtoges therecults to tbeWhy should not a youag soldier delight In his smartforwhich,Iliaagloa,responsifele.since it obtains eagervolunteer ranks.appearance t I was about to say that this feeling is for Paris, but s telegraui to "half tbe battle." Host assuredly It has muchDevil's WalkAbout £8,000 in bar gold was taken from th* year thirty-tbiee ailea are covered which alas to secure freedom of religlOB to Naxleo, to-dey for the eontlneat ^ ^no soldier, nor le he a tailor or a man of sejtsebe Is contriving with mischievens and misguideil zeal to throw a wet biaaket over a national movement of the most vital iapoitance, for the sole benefit, as it apfjeantome,ofBoaadsdilohortheMlnories,asrep- tcteaied by a West-end Hebrew clothier aad snip. Fegtop pantaloons and hnlekerbockers are hablU. mobU in which a Coekaey partaker of the aaipe- cbau or partridge-bunt, aa our neightrars would callstreeu for a fortnight If the weather permits, lookingelause tends to lapart fnth eeatdeaee ia the Libi- rals, we shaU hardly be disaatlsted with It MmA of (he caasmerdal benefit to be obtaiaod from thisof tian'itcedent iinestlon, whether tbe dlOralty, expense, aad delsy of arUoadbg snd reloading wtU moinp BiasearUest tralas Ihla mamjngiThe Coloalal Prodaee aarfcets have notthem, for a season mightlead to an advance In tbe Bank 'rate of dlaaeoaL words ef dramatic effect, which is found alone in his Dancing Jack!" with the string la a new place, tsfned Its preemlnen''e over the direct course tiirougb ^-The Coin and BuUioo Bbow a decrease of AftJW- npertmre. It is quite clear that his Majesty had noth- where an American inventor would never have Eg)pt,partly in consequence of the tllffiiult naviga- Tbe Bank bae raised the price of fine goU to TlK 9are not aecea. lary concomitants of a campaign In Kent. For my own part, were I making war in Morocco, the leg- gings I should select, pace the patrician Eloho, would be ibe baybands wherewith cabmen are wont to band- age their rheumatic pins- This is by reason of the prickly pears, of wbicb I entertain a \ Ivld recollec-he has oonttnually been gesticoIatlBg, like a true Frencliman, about tbe Island of Perim, the Suez Canal, and other little Eastern difficulties. He is, tbe man to the ball ofamdirected bytkemia-is'er to acKnowledae the receipt of your note of the were ef nt to Flag-Officer Sasbs, by tbe Wyoming, tetherefore, very open mlstinder-standing between France and England, to ram thetlsra down over his eyes at the to Pope's Congress,insult Lord Cowut, or do anything in tbe line of un-oted to withhold from them facilities in bispleasant provocationcommands or bints to do it.there is to be no Congress. After all, does it not strike you tbat a Congress called together as this was, or is to be. In which England should take pari, is very like the moral annexation of England to Europe? It is an anomalous thing altogether. The two Prote.'<tant Pow- ers, Great Britain and Prussia, must be, on all rellgiotis tojdcs, In a minority: Suppose, for instance, the easeSuch a reception wasOn the evening of the 2d the same solemn perform- is more prcbaol a ofmanifestly anens Usuteaant and twa the leak to be a aodanfo one, and eatlly repaired. She is now betng hetaab down on tbe other side of the bsy, snd will piub lybe sent on her voyage before tte end of the month.fight, and a second VlllalraDca interview, before ano-I ought to mention tbat the new Thirteenth Arroa- dlssement fails upoa Passy, a corner of the environs in which Fbaskus lived during his stay in Fraace. where BsaABOBa lived for a long time, and whereLamabtisb are now^broid- Bent residences. It Is a very respectable quarter, but he refti<ed the .id of the .Ministers of their—Congress, which Is a Parliament of Sorereigns oras nied by theirand the nusbands asalone ornrdinaiy. You now- lay down the rule Ihat free-born in the United States, and who have beenShe has on board new boilen for thether Congress,obliged retiring, their faces always toward the throne. The maituau iswhich te ordered to la-their people, be obliged to abide by tbe judgment of the majority, or to defend her refusal in arms ? Alto-Rcissuii andarrangiu» perma.flalrably fitted to tbe occasion.the inconsistent sympathy of the British Peer, abhor- ring Maszcsi but backing GAaiSALSi, while condemn- ing freedom and the free choice of peoples of theirtroops;butthen themajorityof theseIt Is also a subject of grief for all good Cathollca. tee Tn«Ume,there matter,Involved in the rattier puzxling to the heroofwite""^ ^J^ji^to me to be a dilemmaBn-protectionMfiMhliiisrthlatwhichbusy.wiseacres, ;mightstrala the aad if ship caase a leak. WhatBowTxa aad his friend tke Cardinal were shipwreckedBade' to defile before tbe public in tills piece, aad theUattnlVera Croi, oae-balf bebig taken ia liqufelattaa ofchange at t V ceat la foee^ exehaage, tUa eMkr- aooB, bills upoa aost places were la Ihaand thiscorps, Eag-everylxxly, high and low, rick and poor, lives In the hosUllty to the Mlraaoa Party. So far as sneh a aad letters for Llverpoel were dispatched by Itodelight. TheysndThe route has re- biy CapehoodolTanglers,andIfancythatGen.tfajrcouldhard- ly disapprove of such a resource. On actual service letour hereea fightcostumed a la Zouom, or.asthey please. But I tell officious Ei.oaa, who dld.'noturi.i- bate tlie volunteer rifle movement, as well as his friend MuktiT IBIAIL, and Ihe British Sovemiaent and the War Otnce, Ihat tbey had better leave the voluateen to choose their own uniforms, and turn all their at. tentlon to tbe supidy of arms, practice-grounds, comp-security, endless pages of newspaper discussion. his visiting cards, arlth a box of *m kont under his the right of any other State to negotiate with the d< Tbe average Increase of trsffic (or (oar yaan fra- *"petentam afraidthings hoped for,evidence ofIt is Cham. Great Britain might, no doubt, negotiate the po^ses-receipts* these balances arailAble Cor ordinary dividends by 30 per cent., deducting 48 par cent, for expenses. traffic receipt^ the iastyeardiiil-sergeants, aad prizes for the best snots, Ithe not seen." Another Individual—butof tbe Ckartvsri, ^bo Is respoaslbie for this£l,'M),0O0, or fl per cent of the whole ^boutIf a little whole- haply otherwise,This Is not the first time the Emperor has demon- strattd his wonderful faculty of satlsfj'ing oppositesdiplomacy.At the New Year's Reception, the Emperor, afterdelivering his little speech on Recognized Rights toaccept our fate.some ridicule reechoed from the other side of the At- lantic may yet serve to thwart pictorial Eioso and de- prive his sartorial friend Ibsaxi. of a future seat in the House of Commons, as tbe Disraeli of Manchester; it was reserved far Nafolzoshead of the diplomatic corp;,) passed to each of the foreign representatives at the French Court, exchang- ing the ordinary compliments with each, until he arrivedatthediplomaticagentofTuscany. Perhapsdid net know that the Provisional Govenunent of Tuscany is represented at Paris by a Minister, and tliat this Minister takes rank in tbe diplomatic corps as if representing a Government of a thousand years' date. It is nevertheless true, and the (act that tbeTha EatUsh joomala regard tha change as honefol liberal measures, and a Pro-Papist and Austrian, and than to any of the rest afterbeen bought by the smaller merchants, and tnese hadcollected on the outside of the barriers, wailing furthe hour of midnight An immense crowd uf citi-zens as well—in fact the whole population of ths 6.in-linu—turned out to see the downfall of ths old bar- ten million to twelve million dollarswhich means dismissal, at least in this case, of 0>unt Walxwsxi from bis miaisterlalpost,politicaldiplomatic world in Eu-youfrom Mexico, dow aresignation, has set all tliemstals. very recent perioJ, at fromlatelllceaee.FroB Onr Own Oorrespondent.guessingspeertng,"say,;Eng-Jabxiso, Friday, Dee. 9, ISSCand "as the Scotchand thelish interests involved in the working of these mines are too considerable ever to distract tbe at- tention of this country from the Stete of Hexioo.RioBBState,Mbjaoi, Sultan in regard to the harem of that potentate, who The EmpreM, on the present occasion, appeared first'a of her copyaeheaM, dkould they oome to aa tinders landing on the turned out from office for pressing reforms oa tbeClergy,!passport.You * ill observe that a visa to Miss Riaon'a pass-The export of ammunition, gnns, shot, shells, knows but that the Empress and crinolinehave something to do with this matter T;batch of the gnns made in the ritted-gun factoriesat Woolsrlcb, was fired experimentally with per- nobleman to bear. They may, either one of them, Thione-roum. During the visit of the Imperial—no longer a myth of the god Cupid. The old city, as grouBd that she is a person of color. am. *c.,GouatoBauM, Cepcaan; Messrs. Doty, Drake, Quackenbush, Salte, "nartsrsm'ths'. forges, Intrenching carts anddathtac, haraeas, boe^tal stores, prorislons, Ac, Ispteeeedlag with the utmost diligence, and areryde- all, in a despotic Court, who outside is to know the holds. The Emperor followed, leading by the liaad marriageswagons,tools,This is not a but it is meant to show tbat afterNo.G GBXtvvIL1.E-3TaBBT, BaUSSWlOK- SQOAjrs, W. C, Dei. 12, 1859.grast, and Cuthman, L-ewtewaitlA ; ; Bigelow, Maturserious suggestionmade with the left hand—and 1 have no\Woolwich Arsenal Isla pseparatioas for the war with China. Tiie second offence to his master by a hasty word, or have been Grenadier of the Guard.need to tell you that these are not lafrequent at Parispaitaent throoghootengagedreason of these cbsnges ? Walswsxi havemay given the Prince Imperial, dressed in tlie uniform of awent to ti.e office of the AmeticaaEmbassyto havesnubbed by him too rudely for the blood of a PollAfigureof which had become so common, oa I should remark that ray passport Is aa American speech<»«lapereraot aU these squabbla* iril dlfl(iltia«gtfeafcctlveaaaalHli>w*i,vaAiVS ipvUMica. wa«ietri«i|piHillfMiknAiJ 1M liaBer»-of ^alCiialHUinWi sa^4But, then, it is said thatthis Congress-mongering isto the freedom, and contrary to the institu-I remain. Sir, your obedientSARAH P. RE.'ifONT).PAStroKT.— I, the um'ersigned Secretary of Stete of the Ui-ited States of America, hereby alttions of England. Is tbe nation to be bound by the__ the United States, snd bound for San Fran-weak concessions of such representatives as a Rns- if not, of what avail Is the grand palaver! The Eoi-of Its glories, will be the Twenty-Ar.it.of the French la a Director without responsi-give Clvtrii under my hanl and thepire,teevessel andcargoor any other State. He is tiie French nation, tbeFrench policy, the French wlli. But England and herl.smore,have dispatched Bcauiaa to a conference to declare her will, or fling down a truncheon or gaunt- letonthetable. Itwillreallybearelieftoallsens- ible and patriotic Britalns to hear that this greatpose,encirclingtbeheaJ, into whichmightwtlhl|lal> hfaqtasaTaad chuckled at the thouglitof tbaddleahmsflgnre tbe despised rolunteers must humbug has been consigned, still-bom, to tbe embracing several thousand names, and all aiadaoaerobarra5bment. Tlje propoiiiionThe dismay produced here by the scheme for the n.». A deal of viUatey was eipoeodtherehy, great Bowcontradicting and affirming «ea.lathemostdilafotrahnaerpaaflUe,Insteidoftha Savrioy,traJy,asFaixxTAineaswouMatrociously thendittotbestoryofhisdeath. This"saw,"con- tries;ofancderrteaignardtehadt Itte coansumlitlsittehrey ctiaracter It Is already negatived by his appointment to tee high dig-«c«pt«d tee o«cteithaevtteemgal peace^Mhe »«lg^;»^^5^aad Central Italy ami Roaiagna are to fall to galTaalsm of this deadly patnnaga t Why Is say—of the equally teterest" of both nity of Legale « tettrt, or papal isiter ega, anAgeaao^^^^^^l^jj^^^honor ^y'teeGS^^I.J.^ofPj^.ar^J^.'S'^a^P^the weaver, translated Into a aoUeman to authority outside tlie Horse Ctnards to'^osteersofGreatBritaint WhyareaieBaim- todowiththaPopeasatemporalsoverelsntbe agoniespublictke United states obtain the right of•^JT ! '-^jli-ij. lord, and thus become a MBUeaMB *&« -^itjnjoffBflghtoa.bothiw.Uaattted himself e(4ankayaandfought stoutly jumpLoRBea,Saturday, Jan. 7.teeeaotUattN.t>iiiBaeTtT"andiadsfaUe»-myan moOBti We eotd, aad ashe aarehetwo lines are to form BeutrsI the property,saysIt de.of theset tbe Pope Ihave ta «wiB «MI. to«iMUr tieh-ewere dull aadday owing a^psrsatlyboatUaad Vera Govsmaente etmed la UienMoaal Uw » iMnfraint jNTthis of theold eaught eoager,Certainly," says BAairca,not only a reaiity> planr.wilk hia aaibreUa, he was foree<^ to into the water. «tf lean the eel U poseeegloasaaetiBwa drop soeae disappean aad reveals Ni- agara iMi the cord atretehed aerea the abyss. Buv-ton has obtained a concession of two lines of tnSnifromtlieGulfefMexicotethePacificOcean.adm/^t*[by TILIGKAPB 10 UTRPOOI..]rifleman Uwares MeHesa territory without throaahjhesa anomalynot totally passedpeopleesly:yetprsantBiUmbo of abortlaas. 1 have spoken of Ireland,aiofltl to the Ooremment Friend Buobt must whlchreihiodsBeof a capital letter which I saw a is a sort of sequel to the lists of the Italian campaign caped the attention of the French. Naturallyeat la^iia aalferm raoammsadad by Lord Eumoandthe pami'h-ei let-enily [>u >]l.^hed at Paris, may be ap brings a claim for theeatlrs aaosjat e( vesselgllB la his bottonleu sleere at the result A French or Bnsslin ageat could not bare derlsad better fun, •ad a more complete method of damping tha militaryfew days since addressed by a Mr. laoisims. Chairman—lata justice rendered to deserving aea. One is astonished In glancing over these columiu to flad at- tached to nearly every man's name, azpressiOBS likeegotis- tical and disposed to aicept any ordinary complime.-i,irerhurohy the it^ilowing article Upoa tee subject,cargo upon tee Brazilian Gevemment, fbo uejB^bf a Newcastle Assodatlon, lelf-dabbed awhich Deads the evetilrg :coidingol one of theirHis KiceUeaey Mr. >*>••«Affairs Committee," to Lord ELLnisioneB, on thetheyJfs*, for this last and ^no^tl'tepar„.!, uev,'rtlie.agente. representauve here, has lakeathe ewe tt aaae.It was a capital hit atwho was, teerefore, ignorant that the eargastory whoon the of proepectaa deriso aad Botetr taapCnd for" Foreignto tnlemaUonal tewonslbto for tee aensa law,"verwnetmuig ardor of young Englaiid. Lord Elcbo struts and occssion of that nobleman writing to urge a subscrip- this: "Thirty years' service, twelve campaigns, ali. They liou'i exActly comprehend.prtete^ at Par^s with tne types of Messrs. Drnor, aad no Peruvian Consul at tee port whera she wastion to supply money for arms and ammunition to Gaeisaidi and the Italians. By tbe mere substitutionor. three wouuds "talks, and affects to tiave started the whole ToluateernsoTement. He writes letters to the London T.nua•dvlslJ^g InTisiblllty aiul knickerbockers to the marks- of Ireland for Italy and O'Cohsbli, for the Italian years, or five campaigns in ten yvars, shvws tbe to much attention at i'ans—that between the•entitled Lii Papt ri U Contrit.' This pamphlet it a demnod, tea Judge, as auttortasd ageatWof tteoa paiUdGeneral, tbe sentiments of the letter appeared ad-amount ofof GAi-LiPiT and the Count of LACRi^ton— campaigns ali, result In a second combat. Tne namecriterion to know the wantingfully venom which It conceals. however, was gisen to tbetoU,nbieted ^UMto"^ »^,«i2"iWould they be laTlslble, not only to the enemy, but their blends, after being made such Guys as my Lord £l- eae aad his clique bave designed. Imagine a dust- Mkw^ klndof grey cloth, of a texture marraiouslyindulges her!tion or contradiction of BioBun and hisis de-tkcir own isthmus;NaiOLaenaadLo'WlfiJ^iSd Marine ef said Kttt^Oo, t ofend te tee de^orahlaIt must be ovaed that Panak'sgeader to eels. This enahlas me to glide off lnt»Member Parllam^t for called Dundalk, oommealythe"TUa HSTlMaa the first transler day in Backs lalair ilBt«K-lha dM-Deacrtpden of the Seeaa—Aaaorieaaismseach aew(for tbe each pertlcular rageis farIn oure- meat eshdittsbed dadas Iha hattday* has, sslth a lewezccptlaos, beea waU aaiatalaad.The ifak Batata atlaati teaetM^ofttBFreach letter afWaahlactaa Irrlay.with tbe same wordsUL to discover this last perfection inthe Meiicsri m'ues are Worked with eanltal, Tbe night of Saturday waa the occasion of an ex- Englishof week in I6S8.— * Ifor tberound Cape Rom. Tbe dtalaatloB efone hearsgyratory little twitsmms swung on a strisg; and States and Ibe chief ports of the Pacific, la so great asPasis, Thursday, Jan. i, 1880. in his New-Tear's address to the Pope's Nuncio, has again pronounced one of thoseTbe lesetre ahesn aThe—a ball which to render it probable tbat this compensation will be £l,a4i,8M. ThetotalU aow ledooed toaflolatat " Here's your American Surprise !"snd tbe Red Sea betweea aad " Hote routes, EnglaadEmperor,wont through a certain hole, and which reminds fully obtained. The instance of the Cape of Good which any further draia of Importaaea weatd.praba-but It would not do to re- he must be talked about—Us name mustWePacific. assume, therefore,;pass, while their MAJesties' heads, in oiuer to keeply the Thirteenth, and whose marital reiatioas are not clearly defined, find themselves obliged to de-No. :24 Portland-place.with theChinese toy known to everybody. More than three campInto the see-saw movement &o well represented by a eertaianatural ever.itaairadefalL-aaat ThefiUtsgMr. Bowtss,hemently ia their perforaaacea an two vlellni aad the jig daaeee, after Ihe style of the Hack afantreia. This is tbe only part of Um pUee aot a critioisiB.priaclpallyan the ether kaaa,ne tiBuiaaemitylneideBttoeifUwar The Timu' Artleleshould not erealng.ket there was a totendency ease, aad losas oa Oar*BtoteeGoscnuaant #MM«MtoIkatof emraentsecuritiesarefreelyobtainedlasteakea* graaUI hope that deemed(lrrevetaat but I cannot helpcasion, it would suggest Ihe ftaeas couplet In Ihethe tnm uTcbarac'er, although there is one stipaialioa of andeiBaad,^a<IbeIlaBbarfwereshaII|notwe are aotNew-Year's hoUdays for toys—tte fact Is they haveslightly leaar creasing distrust in tbe fiaaaee of that Eapirn.:sold this for alUJens of frsaes!—yoninelevaat and gratailovs deseriptioa, that aam^,'two Aaateaas, Conlbv and Haaiia, are applaaded ve-Tlteef IheFanigaBaehaaaae,Pope's standard-bearer in Baglsad, has beaafiguring In Rome, as a Knight of Malta, aad has beenlavlted to san U the Papal corvette, Ihe ImmunUU Tbe Omelette of HIagara." Here agala Bienn icTBlai ef each rooM, aad all gaodenasaiagbetweea a number e( small salaa. Prieee thBefoaakaaa^Mm Cmnpn'ea, from Clvlta TecehU to MaraslUes, In aad his aad Araerieaa form the Atlaatle aad PaeUc are to be free of daty, far dullness, aithouph tbe accouats froa the Paiti Beanathus defiled before theiron New-Yeat's Day, and by the time tke tail-end of number 13, who will move out of the procession arrived, they were presented In unlucky certainlyl*2ih snti to Miy in Irstant,reply,course,oa of tee of-war /eta Admmt, Com. Mvaaar Masos, which patthousandpersonsMajestieshold a second survey upon tee coadtUsIooikthronebefore,accompa-arepersonttNew-York.Pk/ssI-i, (late the Meteeomtt,)the before, or at least for all who have dayof tbe Prefect, M. ilAt:p],MA»M, for will not youforgetpresentbeen slready presented the court dress—that is totbat It was he who hasParisians, sn immenf^e wioe aad.s-.rajgtitri>:td thro-mh theveryheartofthecity,temiJLatinaat the'Bamireered in gold. It Is long, heavy and cumbersome, and pre- is almost a positive Impediment to locomotion, espe-cially at a couri where train-bearers are out of fashion. To make the three salutations without fall-who have future congener of tbe extinct' Thirteenth, and thei(rriTa,the tetent Prtecesses perfonn tbe diploaB-sUe<'own is tttegracefullyrequestit may romern, to permit safely and freely tocargo to cisco, putte distress, but not so tecollusion between tte captete and one of the Jodgee.ingi:i tbe pointpires.requisite perfection;todiviJutLts inte a cat- aleptic, or. In some Ijivtanres, scnesliietlr state, byat court Onpeopleand Buenos yn have an- Ayresof tte between the latter peacethisoceasloa the nanusu d* eattr—\» and tliis same nuattssi is the cause ofvant,BENJM. MORAN,Frcm Montevideo tbrnticconfiimaOonsay,AssistantSir: Ihavethehonorteecknowledgethereceiptofwearers andof merriment totteriver. The The purport af your communlcatioB ia mi>8textra- store-ship «elM»e,had arrived at Moaterideo froaadvancingmate out liereflag-ship.submit to the in order to be ekrotted punishmentmysealwere condeaaed and sold, aadtoin the ranks ef the Booapartlst aristocracy, never at- tempted this feat of imperial gymn^tics without un-the prufestiun. and whAlexteudei to theimpressionParliament cannot be so treated. Queen ViirroaiAcannot send an Envoy in the style that EuiissTa derling several weeks of practice, and they declare Dr. Dbhakqcat ha.<« invented au apparel fur the pur-DzrAnnixsT cr Stats.hat a short ;wrong, paidtime since, haviag sobm Sight suspWpn ss to tte i» ality ol the case, coBaJssloBedoar Coasolte artaithe exercise as about equivalent In its healthful In- fluence, tocUnibliig Swiss motmtains or running up and down stairs.On New-Year's day the ifonilevr contained four- 'readily adjusted and maintained in itsup the amoonte iasnredteen columns of decorations in tiie Legion of Honor,verdict against bote, who are, however, osw «»{ "waTen yeara' eerviee, fire cam- peiigns, one wound." Twelve campaigns In thirty.warfare In which FrancehHd already referred, and which .'lad excited .MarquisBra;were against the hostile tribes of Algsria, a sorf ofarguments contained te teis writing, are a was owned at home. tion of reproduc-. ...n »*Sa prlcj-eevM adijrfs r^em"a^m*J^^ SSSwarfare to that on our own Westerntee errors and tesults so Coflee MIU remlas l«» bigh already often vomiledcorrespondingfrontiers. Tbe lists of ths other Ministerstte arroba of U Flour triumphantly con- pooads.la a roar froa begtaaiag to end.But a new dodge has beea adopted by ths Parisians,Ton^clenU fthinking tbat if a viper bit Aaromui oa such aa oc- kaow the rage la Paris during tte Ckristaas aad We are coolent to view this treaty ta a oemgUrelal Ihaa last pott- Tbe Aattrlaa qiwtatioat ladieala»-passone of ^Imble-riggersbrings;apposite.past year, shows as usual aa laereaae over thst ef New-Year's Dsy to ali one's friends. Tbe hatiit is ra- rreaie He fai lllties of traffic lately opened with preceding years. It amounts, as aeariy as eaa ha tion in connection with boar bunting in the neighbor- be " kept before the people." It was therefore a ther a serious affair (or soae people, and I heard of China. Caiifamia, and ths Pacific coasts of South estimated from the returns, to £3i,5n,IM, sha»ti(:FKOai BBAZII.. please, by recognized right," always stands at the ions, but on this evening thousands of cart loads had though their products would 8c-«cely remitnermte ex- NaTttI Mewa—The laperinlthe Pope's Nuncio, (who by etiquette, or, if you "and. al- [x>rtatlon. they would be of the utmost v^ue in thethe various households.then hearyean upon tUs statloa.followedthe of the three house, principal personsLevi D. Slamm, FUei Pmiss 9tR-. I beg to inform you that a short time slace I Shlppen, Post .A>st.-Sw;reeii ; Grafton, dut. Sur-They and return to receive theIs the finest frigate ia condition does honor tegrandthe Magistrature, the Academies, tbe Armyand NavyfoliowingbyHunter, FUet-Surgeongeon; Tantlll, Coftmn efUtraut; WUsoi, fiiBliBsafClerkbodies ofte a list of the aSieeis ef the V. S. frigate Ctngrtu : Jesaea K.in order totional or unintentional, that may be addressed them. Moreover, there are many people who believe in theshe Is to form of tbe Pacific Squadron. Onisn partprivate circle,ton, tie lOlb day of December, A. D., In the ISiS,placeof theraaiilA ofprevious Winters.8J«1 year of the Independence of Uiese United States.aeatest tee Holy See, and so often** °' deril's diut aad shoddy, cut into a Governments aad sovereigns everywhere else ; just since are microscopic compared to that of the War- fight laste<l twenty-five minutes, and two swards had tlety of the obstinate contradictors of truth. If por- leat The barks ^"«?^J„£*?J^.tod suSm/iiVt**fihlfSlTir tunic, or rather blouse, with wide breechesbecause " Italy and Gasisaui " are a fashion, andof Franceto complain of ttie Ullberallty of tha Qovemmsntstudio,replaced on account uf the damaxes received.chanre. the object which tee auteor of the proiotod to himself tended totetimldate bimwhom so many disasters are tereatened, tliemay be certete thaVhe who tias tee right la Us fovorarrived yestenlay 4oa Youra, truly.THB'-JT "^d.^ t^Vm^^SSg:toofficeths present armyirlll have ao eausebeAs before, the young roan was t>eaten by the old ooe,paiaphlet against authorCer»ca,;toour powerful allyof tbe noble Lord Bight have bean written on behalf Americanisms. In tbe annual reviews at the theatres Ue groiii. The seconds then declared that liie quar- and supportA himself on the solid and immovableHungary,of atrocities,between —CoBBserelal*or ef even interpo- I must own, thatIn the review of thehave Blobbd and his cord, BAsava, and ths balloon'•InPrem tte LondonTheicism.to joiujaThe ABerlean.V/rtca.Citt tf JVsw-Torc*," (spelled with aa extra e.) tween each scene the stage manager comes forward, holdiag In his band either a copy of the quadrupleupon'or the CmaricT itt BtaUhhTe Mtyat learned which rftfeeUfteanippUas the Ifthere be BO Congress, what are we to have! "A politely aad obsequioualy to the audience, and ra«ls Juarez Goieroroent in Mexico, presente Iteelf for doubt wheteer Cardteal Airteaxui ttrili consider It retumes b.r pl«te te te. Ari«'Uj«^|-fod«^^bowseoald not LortXMae leare the French and English settlement," say soms, "and first ftom one paper and then from the other, contra- consideration In several potets of view. Regarded in 'worte while to go teteeCongroaatalt Tbe proba-gafli^i^ba. Whir(tts minesis ahiB^'aad,aelfwith ftuaMUag the seaatiest soppli of Xalald rrhither speeds Lord Cowui blithely laden with pacifis terms." France Is to have Savoy aad Nlca—a nicet^ ,5J5jAjrmyexpedient te ropalr to CaptatnOeneral ef «»« ^tSSi^oate fovB eTStha OorcaMaaloontMt It-therehe deem It bly, although nughtCmutstlatiMSdieting and affirmingjustthe exlsteoce of a commercialBunur, than purely character,snd it hase«.ventlon,tinued through a greater partpiece, and la- contracting Oovemmeats. In the one while which has lieenconferred College duringBardlnla. Really,itIsnotworthwhiletodwellonthese things, Ths great difficulty, after all, la, what each steaaer arrived from America with the affirma- Mexirans win participate te theonly bers of tbe Sacredupoatwoothermem- e5byhisExcellent-ytendedtoshowoftheofFranceas case,Brigadterjjen^gj^bis fonts oa the and it confers a rope,the right offlte defence of th«& country to be treated like The Loadoa Pwuk lately published a conondrum, cidedly ths hit of the piece. But flnally BASBira ar- possesvsentuaUties seudteg munitions of war against the reopenteg of tee churches after the deieeratioa ofMexico is concerned.But as a commercial teterest of tbe United Stetes "of Coiopa. This is the rs- (oreaager-ea) of saeh portaatoos Mae, that alter a under tha trap jerks the outside coreitag (roa Bab- and of other Powers, teis treaty tevltes consideratkin eaa hardly appre-> brief but seven. Oflrteit, la whleh the old gealemant UK aad reveals BisirBia in lesh and Mood. At the te somewhat more detail. The Cabinet of Washing-ator tranquiUyMsce^ thepreaarBattsaafaari^ofitesaU aad each ef the oototaUtherto tedispateba. tween BacDoe Ayne aMtka 'eoafederate psustaoe^ until Ihoi Bhoahl aitlea at a plaa far perfect aadjej.Baaeia IhOTO wei* • CtBgrMS, Bightdily ^oagw*arUhftotteairhshtoi MbentitlesadDtfeats,hereceuiog a fomewhat severe Marquis woundotterta. * '<blldien and equipped in coine and hldeoai irone, If aaything, than the pun I have perpetrated rives, and offsrs to the gentleman who is so worried tbe Juarez Govemment gain the alliance and pre. cently Cardinal Pstsiii, when he visited Parte to ofll- i . t^i tee provlneo of Btfoooe Ayraa wparaBd aa if it were a bad^e of flniBe T A yeV- dideraenr of TsuooaB's name, above. It was to the about BLotsnn, the whole list of his wares, from the itunptive iniiitaiy support of the United Stetes te any clate at tlie baptism of the Prince laperiaL The ap- r",„tI^«roup which coBstltatad aad enJftta »ela the Conference about to wooUy horse and Jotob Ran down to Ton Tbumsschool boy is an object df i»- idUowiac offset Uiem across the Une ofi7«i'u«* Bepuhllc which,Whybut British rUIamen are (aha place like a fsaala eel t Bacaass It is a Con- but he Is asked only about BLonn "potetmenti^ieat lagwtofflns,»d|i1»8i> U the parish workhouse had arrayed -ar..ass. Now^by ^htll'TI^^,**^ tietnl!) of a fifth-rate diUUami I am mnl»1r1 ^" but I will show him to you."treaty which MsLaks has just concluded, so far as lu baartegwho is onjy a cardteal deacon. VINANCLUiANDCOXaiBRCIAX..1^, agrsed to ia W the medi- fiUy aoteorteed disease, iwuail of:;us ihs Govenunent In by ly; tellseiaa queer assoei atlnn of Ideas truth about BLosniKf" is the burden tif the song. are the two ehtef characterlstlcB of teetee Coasdtaeat CoaffWa oa tte lat ef M«y.to aame rBmalartnaata oa bote tUea,of an a"he IsWhereupon theMocuescape ihe'quoJiltera.either inten-The platoons of four, the officers giving the military the Mayor of the Thirteenth Arrondissement is named when the for an Anserican port of tbe secoad survey, which hu beea held uadersalute, and hurrying on, without hearing whetherance is renewed for the ladles of those who wereIndistiersHl-le qualificationthe new Ward on that account Still more singular,Ipassport, tti^tolIntieed it isbility by law that it should exist, a just sense of hisre-his tworsar. ThuswebareL<trltiwurd'ev/tr,(thebeauti-'.)y pieceonassince then strictly conformed te, ctinstrains him toThis may bebut it the pArtTreatyofvails with regard to the flnai desttey of eccteslasueaat ge»cefro«teeHl«rPlU.fiicetiousneiisills government as long agothe btn July, ISifi. andjustojfene.-iujithsquite c;tpabletnnvicent of marriedthe Mayor's office uf the Old Ttrirteenth. Tnewhose salarief they contribute to pay.propagatorTbe new aietnod ufto make themto which womaodom as-myAmerican ladies 1 have known, and who were willing late letters, is gaining ground raptaly in the favor of protection.thrOMiugwhompa«s Sarah P. Remoud, a citizen of the Unitedone of tte northern ports of the Em-fur MijHe isSecretery of Legation.and UtQCisa. The IMpkn and Pwry wanh;u,It appears destined to take thea soft of dliuleinis fixed abr ght»ilr«rgill bail, by means of a aiova-ble binge, .>« that U>e proper axis of vision canThe Pepe aad the Caagreea. CoTTctfondence »f tkt Ltndon Pot.RoHB, Saturday, Dec 31, 1869.te aa«*» teeU agent, and briagas tlltir Juhl due,w.-re notb&:cittl journal of Rome of yesterday"Au anonymous pamphlet has recently appeared, atd will, no doubt, recovereveijthlng. T ..."eroSaf.stroke o' I forgot lu mention In my last, that the duel towelchIreal retdereu tj homage<»«-"'!* T2Tbe place withoutM^' *S„^J^ and tee Capjiin. This has beea done, rosuitingtea-of athe recommendation of tha Minister of Mfsr. This that State unuer the protection of France, has not es- settiement of the Remain question, as developed te and tee Consul, who te a »»de-awake-sgJBt, uaVirginia newspaper, to placeAlexlee.thea real feeiing of security to the Holteesg. Onthecontrary,tlwing hisHaeBuchprateettoa. WarehoosM aie hulU at theother half belag aetaaUjr to he petd Into of Jssns.for Holland andHere's your Aasricaa India. Is hardlytion ef the Red Sea—a oosiiieraUan which does aotRecognized righ'is without a specification as to arm. In this way he made one box of presents aot Xocto Government of Southern Mexico for., similar ceding I65S was £1,38(1,000 per snnum. J'lili IniiaeMwhom applied, were words that corresponded exactly only go sround the whole list of his friends, but he piivllegf B by some other route across the Isthmus, al- was annihilated by tlie commercial depresBfoa of ihatto tlie vagueness of the idea. They admit besile, of had the pleasure of himself to the veritable though,if such other routes are not ia exist-already year, and for tbe first time In the histefy of RaOwayan illimitableand the tresting ence, the creation of fresh roads would be a necessa-application, enjoy happy faculty box at the end of the performance. If the reader wUl ry antecedent to the cou'essioa of a cnrrespondieg traffic tbe rrcelpte taere rednced beiew these of thein such a rl^l.t of transit to this country or to France. The preceding year, aad this to tbe extent of X-tSMaObThus the of Central peopleofItaly apply the expressien to the "recognized right"of a people to choose their own rulers and their own " the substance oftheir "" to thethronesofthethingsrecognizedrightquotationmaritime States of Europe have, however, a less te- teiest in a participation In such privileges than t!ieyhave in the and indt|>endenceof Mexico. —who baJ S'-ou of a parallel route across the Tehuantepec isth-Captdelivered a leaving the crowd of vehicles to rush pell-mell bly may not care to participate In the advantages ot>- or two stece, havteg touched te at Bahia oa her yaa-sensitive barometer, the Funds, has slightly been af-fected; since, although Walbitski was tinfavorableto Emperor stopped longer to talk to this gentleman swung wide open, and the custonas officers retired, of the Mexican Government aad,bearingof the beta apFolated Grand Vizier, aad Aau Pasba had What a state of things, when England is Year'sDi&abUltleaaf Anerlean Porsaaa af Color. ^ CASK or MISS sabah p. bihono.Our retideate here arewite tee* Flag. Officer. He is a geauiae type ef tteofKnanu Pasba would soon be reappoLated( rial tweedle-dum for tweedle-dee, or vice verts. CItnd Yixler. Pray, do you feel any great alarm or excitement at Ite new Graad Tlaisr had dispatched a note to the New-Tork and Washington t As it is said that themay having «n her right the Princess Clotudb of Savoy!the whipThe famous " Thirteenth Arrondlssement" is nowagree thereon.dents were theones that marked thedeoce..cases baring broken out on board, both of which lar-only diplomatic corps.reception Aside from tbe question of etiquette, these New-the baiiirut with the city.Exactly at midnight also,are a curiousMajesties receive their relatives, members of the Im-Receptionsperial family. Then tbe Cabinet and memtiers ofstudy.tkt Editor London Nemt: ffiht DaitfFirsttheirMass in tke Diplomatl*- C^rps.thet}egwhich Las recently taken place between Miss 8. P. Rraosn, a free-born .\iuencan lady of color, withport is refused by Ihe American Minister, on tke aoleyou k^pw, had but twelve armndlssements or wards; on her left tbe Princess Hatbudx Bosapabtb, and tbe citySneeo has twenty. Thus in times past allILoKBCS, Dec. 29. A BARRISTER.have eaten too much of many people Strasbourg pie, suggestive family and the various households, their MajestiesAwotitfilled to tbe letter. The Kkersonetr, of 1 ,272 tons bur- both for some mysterious reason only known to their Diplomatic Corps, the Emperor descends to the floor Thirteenth, the flowers had all been An trtcfin EnibaAsy, the person in the office refused to ber, Gmaer. AU weU. Tbe United Statesfect snccess. The engagement to ttim eat forproof twenty guns per week, has been thus far ful- sinister recollections, or it may be a move agreed by stand on the floor in front of the Throne. For theforgettincram a citizen of tbe United States. inMassachusetts.I wasdea, Is sow at Woolwich, preparing to embark own tortuous brains. It is affirmed that THOirvasxL is far tlie bottles of State, he stands upon the mythologicalgrand plat- In the court of tbe Hayu-7, and that mnkthat I am a of persontons and 1000 horsemarines. She Is the aerenth transport taken up for to accept tbe portfolio of the disgraced Minister, who form in fiontof his chair, while the Empress usually pluckedThethe China serrice.OKEAT BKITAIM.keepsTkef '^alaatecr Mavsmeat—Dfasalaaal af Caaat nominated Minister hsl always a knack of makingprincipal persontgesof 3i (ays Philpdelphte.model of naval archltectuie, aad is, te thateaWalewakt—The Praspeets of a Caagreaatbe carried been refitted and coaled here with all dispatob, leaves to-momnrdoes not even retain it until his successor shall arrive. remains seated. But when tbeIn the meantime, M. Babocbx is warmlog-pan, and have passed, and tbe long file of second and tiilrd-needs had grown up to occupy ttieir place!(air|the uneasy couch well aired for tlieTnoirmai., pupil of Dbocdi bs Lhuts. The newly Tbe Reception is then reduced to the proportions of athings unpleassat. He originated, or assisted in tbe Mapa> origination,ofthaHolySepulchrequarrel,whichled laaa Ul^IadUa Flasueea—Tha Great to that sanguinary sham, the Russlaa war. ThenS^RAH P. REHOND.LbcatiosorTBSUsiTisStatbs,Loimo9,Dec.14.'M. forValparaiso, «utbe Straits ofMagellan, has—The liaadaa Orgaa af Mara^ac.airay several of berspars,bathavingImpetuous rate dignitaries arrive,'his Majeatyof tbe new barrierbut it was late in the asoming before some of theanichpIeaaaA—were made In tbe Thirteen'h Arrondisiement, a my passport visaed for France,Louis Sands, Stentsrii teTbe Reception takes place, of course, in ths account of Ihe frequent necessity for Its use, that oi.t granted to me in the United ,Cftmu!* boree, and Spencer, Mi^kipsmhad fallen into the error uf tbatwasnosucharrundissemenU Itwasanotorious fact, however, that long before theexfincTlon of tnetlie Throne-room, the per Centsprocession through But tbe amusing part of this history of Arrondisse-obedentI remain, Mr, your servantof the has given place to that uf the l>>. grisettedemand aiimymy passportbe visaedaagedayalso rette— the day of faithful and joyois love in a garretright th^t Minister of mycoutitrv.bythe'shapleChamberUin crying their names rapidly as they ments is. that many pieople living in waat is now real- Tbe Hon. — Dallas. American Minister,sage out eacooateiing heavy weather,tbeand in tee other, while the former the Cateolic worship under tee firstTkli« Wa|h> ingten Crnx belag what UTheNnet' Daily cityarticlethe Funds to-petaalooipoiatiaa aiBiMMArm*«>>?• ^n?"S£SIndividuals here are also boadkolders largeToSir: Igates coUecred a single taxremarkable instance of the force of habit, that ail theomnibus horses Insist upon stopping at the old bar-riers as usual, to allow their passengers to be exaia- whom I hare the honor to be acquainted, and Mr. tee Ined, and they are only made to pass by a free use of Dallas, the Ame rican Minister in tills country. I addfact, bointhat I; Johasoa, FssiI'pim my asking to have my passport visaed at the,-Jordan,Ctrftnttr; ElliotSsl-Jfahcr;Wsh>he must, ofbe torry If anv of his countrywomen, irrespective of color or extraction, should think him frtrolotsaly dis-to"United States Citisenshlp," doesofficiul obligations under instructions received fromsay that the demand of Miss Sabab P. Rsaoirn canaot beroiupied with. Respectfully your oledient ser-power grant fur trareltng on the Coatinent of Europe, butin here leaky on tier way to the Bast ladies.tbe presidency of Capt (^tsiaoaoMB—coapoesd ofnot exl5twhen,impossi-one carpentettone comniBBder, oronotuces;captate, —all ihelr lives to the texaatih anddens impo.*«d npon .American citizens, are to be de- ptiiefl of theirrtjtUis at such merely because their romi'leiions happen to be dark, and that they are tothecarrying tra-leacros* -viz., Cardteal CarBAaA, on tee reietabltetunent oftransport,present centuryCISCO S«iaj.oDepartmenany through Tshuantepec and Sonora, the revoiuUenary pertodatteck which the Miramon party may make upoaMenUTS^!^- tee fuadameatal Uw tha Cnartllattaa eaae-transit ceded Jdaxsx W theaoteerwiae itwoatd bCiemarkableniiSTaspolitical one,Washington Joint toToreignty. Thass that It should be conferred on Cardinal Ajnosxui, Smed by;though wepossi-preciousto forward to ayou correspondence qulrementeStetes,Jr.,Providence la far from glrteg Govemmeat of his utmost alarm pea-The Bio steamer we are teas ftH«lshsdservant,honors at the Palace of San Chrlstov. Some time since a Peruvian ship, freighted wUhofM»ie of the CItv of Washing-tieen mo-the revolution, a snare set tillan auteortUes, had the rightfor tht5se weak individuals who are te just and cargo, and order ttem ertiLMote «:eordaaeeeven become a question o.^bUlty of his ever acwally taking a Beat te that aatem- lency tbe PresWeat of teIs no doubt thatreciprocity advantage to both coun- Paris as first Plenipotentiary, appears to have beenCaanataa.andte' the present instance U of ooarse entire-;secondly and more re- nSi«.dtote£l" definfi«gtte(;;on' theBeing a rltlzea of tbe United States, I respectfully from She Is aafT.z the crdor.visa,groundpower) Cob. MncBXLL, U also here, having inade aftfo aBl»' noon, was aot fsTeraUe, balthe aetoal ladaelMavary ^liateamust rcQuett an answer at your earliest eonveaieiice. the requiremente of our naval service. On her pa»of sits down. to tbat of ttie Bourse and speculation In the Three At 1 am desirous of stertlsg for the Continent, I nautical men, ths moat eSsctlve class of vessal fitrratesB^alteraHaalhls «eAaad the lany Imporlaat ariatNavy, her capteteand hersod officers. ThereceptiontbeofJoshvaE. Sabss, (F^-flagOfficer of the Brazil SquadreM arrived here a weekmteated fatally.American gentleaan, combtateg all the aaadeal aa-Sana, Flag-(>^U«r : L. M.o/Utrma;and signed L. M. Goldsborough,rtmgqgktr; ; Moote,Part- by the Miiiu-ter In Cue form. It states what is the ser^ CUrk; Metzis. Wilse, Maine, Mabaa, Ctalr-gun-boat (1,^06I aleafcef i,hefoementillghtly flatter,ethe ladicattea* ef tueasteess on ths Faiii Beune.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 