 S:It amounts «ld afterwards appropriating about $3,000, the even accepted in deferential silence as the dic- ginia, in what purported to be a report of the should govern,that the minorityS*^-'" '--andfor the laws of^'.theto Italy, under the command of our nine Bish-reject it,callingthemselvespeople may think,is itselfexceedinglyinglnridad^onthe ofmenwhose partallegiance"respect the rights of the clergy, the'^'iv^^g^' eHb".-r^n. I|«««' I Pini > 9«l aeiaifcKi»-t|ottl ^llilifcKenee, bat also thste praieefloa, froa tk* pae-«sx;gjmfs, li^maL itfloBSPAT. JiLg. M. Mrt.mmimea «v«a ^ean^tedretato ntfktnoitTnttifi ninrkdeclhie of |e| if/ caat. The price closed atesdier aid. IB theae trytBg elnnuBStaaees the people lUssd which the Herald has always r^oiced, tlian mltting to flie ibiCrunent of ttw doei. Our OemtUiitiaa, inlJonnUilMU.^^^a^jgyfe '•5'of trial aal ofThlsproeeo* tobHBXpeoitii, at the eame time more famnraUe to theby theaajvho~fdepending antsagto matters, aad alw^stBXATIti^Tas 'fan'sof all kinds in live animals is, however,The madeindecency,hJDbe remaiis in behalf of the Union, andMx. KXRT controverted some of the po-Izeal,in no just sense of that word be due to anyand If obscene twaddle of this kind does not indi- mostN. P. Basks. AU sides be«ixi to weary leas and exhanstlBg vrar. Mssynemhen_Mated by Kr. Coswnr in his 'but the Stales to whichtheEmperor."It was byof IMOtir and Taeaday. ICr. Asbmoks, of South C<irnnitii| aaovad • raaolation in favor of excluding 4eS|mtan of the New-Tork Herald from the ~i the ground that their reports were a tams inflicted the andareupon proceedings Ibntfy. Theresolutionwasnot,ho.vever,work of secularizing the Church, Imperial Vic-byA rewlntion was offered^aae tslUiif^ and confine itself to voiing.No such explanation isto bo foundpersonpublic rigjiteous indignation,B'-^O Teimaasecthat for a fortnight the Housetibii wan adopted, with theion that three ballots at least should be , bating the remaining hours for talk. ot was liad on the spot, resulting, forand inaccurate clumsy paperand order in twain.|DocoLAS was toone "Of the most singular incidents of special order of the day at tUrty Bcfte C«mecticntBepablicanState ConventionSenate on Tnesday. He shook his portentous head, and pronounced his mild ultimatam, to the simple eflect that, if the North wotdd suc- cnmb—give up aU its political convictions, and submit to the gentle and l>enignant sway ofJudgeatsted in theto-<}faieago were alio chosen. The Conventionliirtheappellant. Thedecisionisreserved..'b the State Senate yesterday, the bill amendinghe would ciously consent to remain in the Confederacywauwe of tfa«otherwise he would be obliged to retire andone common ruin." Many persons, per- haps, have already pronounced the speech of the honorable Senator a fearful omenof coming mischief; we do not so regardit.for us to put full faith in all the revo- lutionaryandbloodydesignsit paradesbefore the country, with such minuteness of detail and such logical coherence. It lacks ail theta«e>reT the defects ot theIftetyjhe installed himself theemancipation." This, some cool and criticalobservation—this jonmaiXsUc bed of St. Keria," —.investigatebeliind a cisions, and (reals his personalcortespondent esotighdesk.Fides nothing can be seen bat llatteriBg fans •—T ^ «2;^;as good security as he can get that hettesaOarlssCHpar a busy fluttering, aad Oe ham «( ecavaisstI."catee. The compulsion,ofthey are provokingly defied to do. Mr. Toombs legal reports,PhiladelphiaPlatform. Delegatesslstlppl doctor, described In a previous letter. Is a good-Batoned gentleman at heart, bat his votoe Isever held in Connecticut. XOn IBan four hundred Delegates were present. The aigumeDt in the Lemmon Slave Case was jdoMd yesterdn at Albany. The p<nnts sobmit- tadiiyMessrs.BluhtandEvabtsforthe respond- enta were argued by those gentlemen, who were WBewtiJ in conclusion by Ur. Chablks O'Gokob•largestThese were allorously applying this doctrine to foreign na- harsh, snarling and while Um rheteile inappiBh,passedrelative to the Ogdens-;and from thenceJh^OMBrgntbaiat Foughkeepsie,'JuSs8i% Sier» in Concert Hall, Tuesday evening.butonlya Leo X.,find in it,Enter Toombs, breathing forth fireAiwnlulliiii deeiaring the American Union an " in- Mllg moekery" and a "blasting burlesque" wasoffiexed bjFAXKtB Pilsbcey, who made a speech. X. B. BoBissoN and Jaues DiGabxo also de- livered addresses.aaat. The revolution was still out dedsive results.ing with his friends over the "fable of JesusChrist," and surrendering his states to theAs ato Dec.24, represents proceeding,theNxsEwith victims seized by the overawingbut hein his the reason printed points- Onrnmissioners of Emigration held theirwell startle from hisexeuntomnes for fouroffice," says he,an ostentatious vanity, ratherthan any tender-vrilhsalated lobbies aie concealed osder a acM jtmtttuiaexistingto tlie President and to the counsel ofthat nine menAmerican citizens invoke the sympathies andthe aid of t—he AmericuiperilCatho- disposition end the power to strengthen anew her foundations, by establishing at Rome ilseUa social order in which the State siiali respectis to their very love of o alone can be addressedloosewhere the Sallgae law prerftUsbvt Mr. BUBITT did not himself. presentoriginPapal sorerelgnty,representativetMfli^,~valdiiottgfa he liadfeen notified to .be present, andworst enemies deed in seriouster,as matters wliii-h are to be looked at nifcenttoiletsin forming a judgment upon the soundness dal-wood, and stiver—fans with edginn of jtte Committee adjourned to meet again at the call ef the Ob^rman.of thefans and blae—of tvory and i pink_—T to the-~^T> fttdMBlieaaamiBM np, and was fol- iBlbi'iDW levlew of the evidence, and state-to be constantly reminded that our only ofhislaw. IfIheCourtofAppealstakethesame andfanswithovalmirrors-iftingdassuafglsssBseftenure of tliese blessings depends upon the will be an immense light into oor bevrilderad eyes. IhealsiA!^Bon Pi>- -ttinDoOBlln—Kaoio Tots. iTenlngl'rflyP^'1' "^*^^ftOMM n»T 6D»LLas—lUaic Tots.B). was pretty readily obtained. No live bogs remain unsold.The Pope and Us Friends.Nine clergymen of the Roman Church in America, styling themselves in a rathery SALCEST—No (3* BroAdw—Falmxs'3 11IUH>^:^-^|qi^w]^, OF the day.. Wnaw, «C KMnchoaetts, repelling the as- IJtoava. DofHUAa and Toohbs up<m the fiwtT^ oorapied the attention of thelyMMday. He entered into a recapitulationand very elaborate pronunciamiento in favor oftho maintenance of the temporal rights of theBishop of Ro^e, as a sovereign prince on thesoil of Italy. In taking this step, these per-to de- power.by attempting goitleman,wiiocaaaotIIwadtof points in the history of the Slavery fiittn tb« kBeTolntionary period to theblessed Peter and the Romanlic." During the age of confusion whichfollowed the death of Charlkicaoni, Rome of drivel. the of Mr. O'Cosob's as a common A PBOFU.E OF HOV. T<ni^mI«COMffl^ ~- '"J"' "'*" "ttadiig the circumstances amongimportant, uponthe minds of theIiigher appreciation, not eruption Throughout Congres- peAaps talents,:1856,forfied princesboth in trigue in the Stateruled in theand when the Otbos came,^ttdge laaaAHAK'* to ,. charge:b(ief and lucid. The Jury were un-peace,stant apprehension of their loss ifof."S' TT»" gni»fai o'clock,membersoftheCourts Judgebelow.« their verdict at 6 and at t^frwm request tlie Court took a recess until 10*he trial of Hmby"to-day, is beyond all dispute the most legiti-Quia morning, which time willexigencies of Ids Every Senator Is now in hisfftMcKntntder trial will commence.on amay with propriety be informed that counsel of the day. The floor outside]tts'har'~lBduring naWAto eliarge of two officers.tiwytionpromissory^DUyabattaeting WMaofanote dbeountedili vAIbkalw at—the week ending yesterday the general marketwe in their oflSee and thetmuxat or A Pom raxATBE—Juioz Dim. o> lasingleparagraph.beingtrueinsolentheis now the undergoingIl3^>S '•A80XV—Caws'* BvTMi JLnramtfixuIBUMtsnuuraiftlS—nnMuiTlusB—Li CAnuca. MNfPffMngttXB-Tn Ognioax—>. asd Ku.'4BBtikXin^XBrOoiaBoo5—Secut.aptsaBAI>&4b'ik»I(n.TAnnnorr'8 DeakaiioBMOffte'^OirDOm, Ko.M(Brosdway-OTnt Ji- 4lK*>funAUOosiTSkPUi*—WoMAs'i) Wbiw.tiim the scorn and.contempt of the very men who but a few days^^o were accepting- his franticday,must of course be left to the estimation of Baltic, bringing the petemptoiy refiaaiil rifTim'his ident Castilla, of Pern, to ttqnldate <hei argu-ipobllnn organization originated, and resalts. He then tamed uponaide, and charged it with employ-of diamuon aa it did in porposes. Hesars. ClisgmahPopesweremassacredlikeother less sancti- er was insulted at intervals of aboutjoyinghisgoodopinion.In wefeelnodoubt fact,PromOarOwnOgusspi wisai.-«w—veryevery countrythings" Ois£liC4BjaCPOITBEATBE—KQcniUASFuroiK- sumptuousfashion,the BishopsoftheEccle-siastical Province of New-York, in ProTlnciol P4Ii^\pE OASBBK—Vas ABimss k Co.'a ItnAamn. Council aasemblcd," have just issued a longting inidiocy anddeath.;ISdiiparticipated in tiie discussion WnaoR proceeded, and the con- ly;"Rookb A. Prtob, the filthy liar'andLemmon slave-case shall have been decided.WAsnMm,IUa<ar,fca.lt,Mni To-day commences the eighth week. •C.Wkexplana- ^ l.a^alaiiad witliont an Executive Session. tion is required of tliis extraordinarystrag^, crowned be not had before nextasdUaa «leetisa«( afMBit'became extremely animated. The ]%|M HooMk Hr. B&i8T0Wj of Tennessee, utteredPopes, l>efore being consecrated, shouldcan swear,beforeanImperialCommissioner,to nignMotherofPresidents,washeresilent." histomb,ofhavingbeentheablestlawyer,the ceedindoiaUcBthatvrhbdiresoltadIBmeetsailaB«LJ,byars represented in Rome the Imperial soTreign-passJ-asdon tbs caaHai Certain it is that be BSfcasBSspeechessovereigntheythat Popes, whose ecclesiastical virtue we like to know what does. The of Mr. scholar who has adorned the Bench of any civ- I lack their pay. The tiotel-keepets an chargespresume the nine Bishops will not impugn, Pevob were explicit and emphatic. They Uized country, since the days of the immortal '^'j^^'!'^^!'^^.^^.^Mr. Eh-HB-world."in any part of the singnlarijt loose, diffuse,importantAmerican indorsers of theissued. The zeal is asserted, not explained."rightsStill,' however,the manner in which Bennett has spent hisHark from the Tombs a Dolefnl Voice.Mr. TooHBS was intensely solemn in the legal question,aet at Hartford, yesterday morning. Mr. E. K., of New-Haven, was the Chairman. A not informed, either gravely or quizzi-from its due share in theby cutting off the Cardinals and the Pope fromthe of I meantime, Babxjsau,for Gowenior utd laeutenant-Govemor re- I'in tlie noaoimoua dioice of Mr. A. BncKiNO- for Governor, and JtTLirs Catlih for Lieu-teBant^Govemor. Subsequent resolutions were adopted, reiterating the Ilepnblican principles, ascally. In what way the rights of nine residents of the United States, subject to our laws andentitled to our protection, are to be imperiled by any imaginable invasion of the territories acquired by the Papal Government, through precisely such a scries of usurpations, con- flicts, intrigues and submissions as the territo- ries held nowthisgreatslavecontroversy.fragans the injustice of supposing that they tMonhir ; and tiiat relative to fish and game was bare been at the pains of composing tliisreporter's gaOsiTdto. act relative to Bailroads in cities was lecODnmtted. Among the bills noticed was oneioi the eztenaion of the Fourth-avenue Railroad; for the col- lertiotiofiaimrars'andservants'wages. TheactThey have, no doubt, borne in mindgrain,Perugia by the bayonets of the Holy Father's Protestant Swiss mercenaries. The conomumestoindulgeluxurydoubtingsldsa, capa- hundredspsctatocs; glided partitiaas droi^tng down from th« the galleries aforesaid to the floor. Theto provide District Courts in theCitypastime.the actual position of affairs in Romethey have wished to«be of some practical weight in the present crisis of the Papal his-ble of holding about seventeen and withfront oflight comes In framlaiatiie to wills was lost ;Sot a report in favor of levying tolls upon the ErieAssembly, the rateby any method ofaW Oantnl Bailroads.In the regulaterichlyWb' were reportedtoThisobject theycanhardly expect tocarrying legal argument.htarinpremainder of ths csUlag U_a aaaasand leave was grantedscruples,reportedtory.«j[ iBteiest, to reorganize the Auburn Lunatic attain by the force of their argumentation orStates wUlethe ;Ausylum, relative to holidays, to Albany County Treasurer. Among the bills noticed were bv Kr. FmcB to repeal the law increasing the sal- aries of Justices, to repeal the Inebriate AsylumIjaw. sols werebOT^ Cliarter, Columbia College, West Farms flchool Distnct, Ulster County Plank Roads, great 0aiid-chiIdren of Jobh Jacob Astob, the preser- ialjan,af fish in Hemlock Lake, the St. LawrenceHcmtif Tieasorer, the Dutchess Coanty Poor-Ib. HAxsos itttrodnced liXe the Slavery Question._ >.U*titlaois«a, who liave been holding a two held their finalthe terror of their titles. If hadand ofthat when ajoint resolutionsFather,extent,right>preconcerted programme,and a "sovereignty of the Holy Father." The Ro- man Legations have already declared them- selves independent of that sovereignty. The cities of Bologna and Ferrara have already annihilated that sovereignty, with an emphasis and decision whichmightaaeeting yesterday. Three hundred and martial that meekeveoty-one emigrants have arrived during the graveweek. The form of an act, intended to protect most Holy Father Jclics II, once more to de-atraagers against ticket-swindling, was brought to clare that he would nUe the Church notthe attention ot the Board by Mr. Law, who asked book but the sword. Are the Catholics of thfb anuoval of the measure, as it was intended "byHews from Venezuelacondition of the Bepublic as without improve-only a Gregoby XVI. crowding liis jailsclangingmembers are not to doll ; solemn, sayTo^iay WnLiAMg, charged with II-'i'-i. eirpArfirIt arS^^iS''?^"'' "> ">e Democra-City,publishedspecialupontheof hisjudgment What a towards theHrms Hr.V*y- -C Movawiielming maietltf, to continue the contr^. ._-^ -^protest of thefinally organized —K thai mUleimial time, indeed, shonU eververyl5teLStJ!'2td?"*SS5l!?C»mmi8,ioncr.cooserva-Its validity.Bataomswill not defend their own but we should like to know wherelearned that Northern men arepro-cisely that in wUcit fte B^idilican Party pro- pose to |at rid of the. Dred Scott decision, labissaasslve asd laoaise hnd rivets aadlTldadflUr FOMgn maaloiM,tBaatarrnritBg thefauQiaaagalssti«f-ii«*4milii,Toik Bunsa;;Btat annhersan oCtho birthday oftvaliditythe one -^-- V^ by thairettatOMBiT dfamer at-^.^^.mmiBMaL One hondred aad fiftyfrom Rome toBrBnttOB. OvrtagtheirhiHMC. TmaMcata. the dleeoastaf.Us they ^ nfdi^tiT.fbir 9tf«Mh«MCb|b««ieiiratedparisons, Hr. Toombswith-police attemptingopinion,*i*B^?i?s^-^|«^^gps?gS3r% -«?.J •lAI^M,ta> baU their eaMintto% *ii# was weU al- Mnded, aad proved aatotanaUoc occasion. aidpurposebeyondthat ofairingtheiris, fancy, pure cool,lated, pre- determined menace, not forced tocal display of one who has his assigned part toBiihaiHli. |iiMiiiifsj. some heavyiMpect:in tin attentobn at 7Si^3 ^ rent. The other abates alao eloaed steady. No change in the rates for Money ; the supply easy.their hands to the BoverslgB PontUT, calllag «psB Ua the earnestto t>e their tempotml Savloor, u well as their Father. regular and veracious and costly systemNeither were they dliappotated. la fomlae he sap- adopted by more responsible newspapers. all conservative and patriotic hearts of all sec- tiona, and anbranches of trade eihibited no remarkable ehangei. Therewere416vesselsofallclassesinport.flcence became, on more than one oecasioe, a shield ofprotectioafortheirotiierwlseabaadoaednation." Now, without wishing to be in the least dis-So far, however, as the actual author of the pect to which he discourses so flippantly. Tlie meat, aad Oder JiAt the Live Stock markets the total receipts fordisgustingupon strife,deep league, die,quotations. Sheep also sold readily at prices rather better if anything thanrigmarolemind the passion of whales for tuba, very (^a- ion. In the Island of Borneo there is a small Ills speech, as pobllslied by ns yesterday, which trifled with. It involves (he'<during dressed,portance."after CoNsrANriNx, the Popes of Rome, instead ful for miechief. Its bite is followed Courts of Justice in powerthe contemptnoualyIc.^aejfptf';previous"ciously admit, a matter of very slight im- creature called the coba, graceful and pretty the public will certainly set dovra as among Union, and the natme of Xbtthe previous week. Hogs, both live andare somewhat and an advance of scarce,But the first three centuriesduring the most curious of thetreated contribute stood at once by the wholehave but followed the set examplePiriN, dated in 755, the King's donation Instantly Bennxtt fell into a comatose state- such a task must have a very much THE FLOOB FEOI fl3 USiOfai'^ of territory is recognized as made not to Not one word of Mr. Pbyor's speech appeared lower estimate than we of the value of the un-sonagesthem by their colleagues of the French and Irish Churches, and their action is avowedly intended to exert some measure of influence, more or lessrulers of Europe in the Congress which is ex- pected shortly to assemble at Paris. It may possibly occur, not only to Protestant, but to Catholic laymen, here, as it has very distinct-the Pspacy, but to the " Charch, the in the famous "admiration of the whole civilized world, ripened by the gradual verdict of nearlyoccurred to CatholicFrance and Ireland, that an:civilly subject, in behalf of the worldly positionof a whose claims to reverence arefounded upon his pretensions to represent a"Master whose kingdom was not of thistbtf^^^icoptaie lbs dispBtad . . said that the preseat Cleik or lbs Ooase stoasthe exisdng condition of alkbs—Uspar<princeClxhknt II., Damaeo IX.. Leo IX., held their have forth gonethe Union. D'AuBEssEAr. For these, as well as for a vari- very few would feci regret If eltharTheyWe are gravely informed thatan attack on the remainder scattering. Necessary to a the States of the Church shall be con- sidered as an attack upon the nine Bishops and their rights," but we are. W v. 106; for BococK, 61 ; for Skitb, of N. CiPAs a novel mode ofCrown. the light wtiich these nine candlesticks of theset up for himself.prophet of evil to the country, but he declared that he woiUd himself become the author of the calamities he foretold. He would, Sam- son-like, "pull down the pillars of this glo- rious temple of liberty, and involve all intions, and caused them to reserve it in its full ,severity ibr their own countrymen. IThere arebe described as tailoi's goose.hot andheavy—otherIt is upon tills point, exactly, thAt we needby anyEuropeanwe win not do Archbishop Hcohes and Us suf-Papal Got- During these times Bologna, Ferrara, Perugia, and other cities, secured for themselves sol-Church decline to vouclisafe to us.Fornp through crowded stairs and densely packed hobblesand claimed attention.The Senate chamber is an 'immenselong and solemn document merely as a literaryas was wrested but the other day fromin theof evenment, with sloping on its four gallerieslar of or at least of .Ameri- feeling Americans,can Catholics, to sustain them in their fulmi-"nating declaration, that when an attempt ismade to the of the destroy sovereignty Holyor diminish itsas free American citizens, as well as prelates of the Church of God, to protest and resist."Now, noth'ng can be more certain than thatthe the lips byanready making to";ter.Our Chamber ofFears,underits eomraoBaspect,sertionthat thetitle of the Pope, as it standsput forward by any sovereign calledanother mate tliat can beinthe attention of the House ofRepre-attempt,veryattempt, isal-grand roll of the artillery of the skiesduring debates—the lower Hooseing attractions of a more fiery aad pc^ralar oharae-by the law. It was the United States to be carried eff en massehind the carriage of a petty German Eong's petty minister.Is it to niaintain a Government of this sort over two millions of Italians who loathe andandMuch as Northern men love the Union and it—nion that such threatsit is too much reallylowly,dictatedtheloosedeclamationbywhich overeveryeonatessnee.there to drub theaiat/m a^doat the members of the Common sacred fold ? And if so, why ? What is theredeclamation but what is most remarkable and watered slllts. ;We are pushed off our staeb bfIs who bifffto sstre ttmnalbaaaitteetoconvulsionstheir fears.are worth anything, if theand thewears a hat with a rrowa hardto tl»e Five Pointa, was again children of the Americanof the Senator and of a view of the matter, therethese three sides resemUs shelvas la a,with tropical flowers of every tdoom aad ha* iand expending Into Jealoos rivalry, each isiilriai to outshine the other. While on the fourth side, Ihaie isaheavingfeaofbeardedfaces—eacheoaalaaaaesOyer— ocainat the the prisoner,byfield "opened up for theand Terminer.Revolution,gracious permissionfew Southern confederates.exercise of forensic In all appeals thereoffered to caus- to castigate the:emotlos, bat ail im- tin the ered as aof thetemporal power,— upon the spiritualbyIf ouras asimpromptuGazing aronad,eathreewelfare Catholic Church, which can afibrd a sufficientI>earingsanylics though they be ?We wish to eiyour institutions and our Government in eloquenceTheforthismostnine Bishops condescend to advance, is the as-and ingenuity.will be splendid oppordinilies tic and metaphysical plea'Icrs^United States Commissioner Bctts. A fair qucistion bow far the maintenance of the vious day,and dicta- however small, whichuponis notorious for obtaining payment of his debts the floor compMsly drowns the rooUae whenever he can, and that the sympathy whldifheClarfcarthaBaatelB atterapttag to tmoment'sbroughtin review before the Courtasmain, conservative in down the law in this decisiveinto what waahere as aor in the world." Thisas to the condition of liis'Europeit stands, is sufficiently amazing and werehas made inquirlee Honor's private affairs,laymenrestoring order, Otho trb Gbkat decreed thatthehere made no remark " Rogib A. Lord Mansfield's name will continue to flourish Congrearioial bully, ;"Papalthrone haveofdertoshepherdof men andyears.The speech of Mr. Toombs, when regardedops,Th—e friends are his and the Catholic Church is in- if her Head is to choose his part with these rather than with the French .alWHAUM Jons for the murder of excuse for such a crusade on the part of the Sovereign, who alone has shonii at once thewill be forever thrown intotoOowMil made in the Herald, met at 4 P. If., yes-expectappointedthede- charac- and his motives for making them,ladiant bonnets,Legationsthattheyit is theirspiritual, "and if we had the book of stage directions we should expect to;seriousdiminish the extent" of thoback into theconsid- whati« there in itsin the semblance of a reasononly thingastounding propositionjoy;andThere is too much method in its madnesswhichourthefaithofthebeliever,respectandnottobeharassedwiththecon-we do notto the political fugling of some extremist.assertion,— to thiswith Congressmen aad i"aimedat Hon.Mr.by Bank tum of episcopal infallibility, it might still be a proceedings of the House on the pre- yield opinions,and finds that he isof about $100,000, which he lends live men of aU poUtleal Aadsi, itoea, seeiioBS, posi-a letter from the;itpertinencesPrtor,Goveraon, delegates toCbarleHaa^ aadPost-office,the Norwalkshould their political franchises,A.WiiMi,i«,wa8 investigated yester-wnmiet of witnesses were examined, and the case legitimacy of the Papal title in the Roman do- very justly stigmatized tbia offensive drivel tion of any party,°Jin the New-York He theiT civil freedom, at the behest Herald-was adjentned to this forenoon.and demand- chooses to get desperate, or even affects*'''*"at delivered a lecture last even- ui>on*T„ "**°"'-""^' Presbyterian Church,suchdesperation,tral door of fte Chanter all the ;gaUeriss ;1ii?*LP'"minions was essential to theCatholic faith.insult to the wholeed the expulsion of the reporter of the journalof the But the historical fortificationAtleaclhttateis a cosamottooas anly*',J?*f<»«.theBurahardChristianAssociation, of.thisassertionbyourninebishopsissomuchwhichhadthusdisgraceditselfand,sofaras projectofthesaidmajority. Suchargu-round ths'securityin the presence of anyssa ilse wllfc oneooBssnttostettecsmtngmantheCmfmm^'ment can only be •radaitddf^! ^- B'^«'Jr-. of Missouri, deUv- cannot resist the temptation of bestowing one A further discussion of tho matter, however, the self-respectitr p^°'°''*laypower,aid the Jesuits." morethan the assertion itself, that wothe whole American Press.«Bthe attitude ,^" "'?'" '° "'« Cooper Institute, —^--S-- bv wl.? 1 '"ties, with reference to the<aloud bun of wsloome from evsiy <amazingin itsthe fact that all this vile twaddle had of the North and its only tendency is revealed ;in which it ? fashion, proceedthe upon styleattention'it wal'i "^""''try is now divided or is constructed. The nine Bishope, after laying been interpolated at the Herald office in tins to producepla of Italy-The peei>le ceased aet MlB**ka theoo^ri^ JB JMoster^or JiNcgadoela, ad it baaof the tioo,offaaalae,pesMlSBoeaadtavaatakbrbartaieeswho are: total, 13,139. This is a smaller total num- that it has never been our fortune to meetreportsat proceedings Washingtonandmay aM,dav of the week—^numbered 3,140 beef cattle, 98 milch cows, 412 veal calves, 6,007 sheep, and 1,4S2to nineworthy and excellent persons, we most aayhogsber ttian in week since 1869, and a any May4,smaller namber oi beeves than have come in sincethe week 26. The of ending May weekly averagebeeves for all of last year was 3,950 and the ;i2,W!.with a more atnpendoiis exhibition of igno- rance or recUeeaness than is afforded by tliisin a large measure irresponsible.After a lifetime of successful calumny and part of the country will att^d the cry.pildh'^.weanoi^ iou^IitiiijU^P^weekly averagedeficioncy re-BIr. O'Coaor's I.eKai Invention. scarcely terrible shape. Nothing could more strikingly The vaine of Mr. O'Comob's labors in theicon difficDlty lias riaea fairiy above Oib A|t»>reapectfnlBishopsno doubttychoice of the Popes, We should like to knowThe South, as we all know, has taken the gronnd, for the last thirty years at least, that an opponent ofBmpersrInpartsdsdsselaOod Coori take tide aalca of Ntfw-TethOaDttal were made at a further nations. To Ihslr appeal no Bosware^|Mi Bor aay licentious displays of cheap imagioatioA In and their «oafltnr to keep them from «ab- tlie ne^re raee aadCotton attracted more attention at uniform rates. piled, as fsr as possible, their wants. In pestUsnoe And we trust that Vbp foolish politidana who tions will join oa—that the comparative coar- power. They nNm.4tEternal City bareheaded, to meet the baibariaa confidence, and relied upon it as an organ for be tested upon a battlefield in which they shall ings in Court. TbmfeA leader—to otbr his own perron for the saerifioe—bat to assisting them- to their ends, may find their be drawn np in hoetiie array acoinst each Urtfa aad TMUBoee^seed Oil snd Tallow, were inquired for. OOier charity, it wall known that his pleading aad his la- made. plates with such serene composnre, and in res- moreoTw, -mhenm&t^^iiaNtMore acUon was apparent in Flour at essentially he waa among them as their oombrter. At (hs ap- hare heretofore taken this sheet into their age of Northern and Sontheni men may never the eeaslderatloil OfOUtt. UDstteied prices. Corn was in l."' ««l"«•J^»»* proach of cmel bkvastoa he went fertb froia thewaa unsettled. The transactions m other kinds ofGrain, as weU as in Pn.visions, Sugars, Bice, and Whiskywere restricted. were in fair demand.plead (or the safety of the people. In this act of soul's healJi assisted by the disclosures now other—a calamity which the Senator contem- chaiacteriafiea aa »: Coffee, Teas. Spirits Turpentine, Hay, Hops, Lin- IsSo far is it fromthat the "origin of the Papal title to PapalPebv.— AnoflieTSp«aiA>iMI|^andWhether the donation of CoNSTANmrE be orbe not a fable. Is, as the Bishops, bearing IndistlncOytraced.the and the task of Judges,uponrecognition of their dependence upon their vicilm as a sort of coba. He seized the Editorinsulting Chief-JusticeThe statoe is the;simonychurch,in-twenty as thislines each with snch stuff whatever even for some Ume after the that,Bishops recognizeasPopesthe Senator from — Georgiais ex vi termini both a fool and a giving Ds another disnnlop and seoesaloD h ef speecThe phrase was itself unknown.—id municipal liberty, such liberty in theate and the Council.errment""tionness has always saved them from the rude criticism wliich awaits any citizen of New- York or Massachusetts, who shall venturepushedof the Roman States were freethe feudatories became mediatized princes. The gradual en- slavement of the Roman States, or in other words, the gradual formation of the Pope'swindowsof the variousRomanup to this day has remained a government notpressure uponintolerable grievance, but the studied rhetori-datestheGovernment,whichand that short of notliingexistingof the Pope, but of the Cardinalsspecial legislationneithernor injust senseAustriaa Pitia IX."the pride of learning, and upanybut worldly and only worldly." Wetempo- havehadsince thennonewGbxgobtVTI.,noralnew Iknock.nt III.aa Makbfield's fame his is,;legalcourse open to dispute. Upon a question of chewing the end of " Irrepressible oonlief wttt;gives in hisonlyhe dared not prosecute,vembernext,whenthecurtainis todrop,and Appealshere todisregard "it.Theprideofflow and are blockedswell. Themart#s^ttw^;steadyeager;laugh-feellngx.general rule the Senate gallerias ai« lUalysway of his cousins of the House of Medici;andEternal City in the disguise of a footman, be-«1 <•• palpItaUng mttai, tl*and female cnrkialtr. IttsaflSladsylaOM'1 in this light, must be owned to be rather an ness for the rights and enjoyments of the and expectatkn shads a tfaiUl sad Rowels?of the Pope if theae be his fiienda;peoplethis incessant rub-a-dubis,keep step Mr. .AsuMOBE, of South Carolina, yesterday Southerncan rise the note, the General Term tofromand the unhappy reporter was therefore ex-ignominyhas ever keem displaced or sent lato exile by htm orhis predecessors—that bis title Is eoaOrmed byceituilas—that It has t>ean ratified by the con- attached to hun. Thematter,however,will passive sent of an the nations of etulstendom—that no doubtless be more deeisively and fuUy dealt freemen.as "follows with theTrace history backwards,testimony andWashington Citywould soon be if this view of antelegraphic dispatch" of1rjgUS«yoftheprin- no rival claimant has ever appeared—that no dynasty onerated from the reproach and;portraitafoond in(hSfsHKTiit^i:youwill find thatsucb,ourduties werepointed momeat rises la Us asst aadbiMiMs#saB.has ever been rseorded In the archives House shall be with when theberights when theyand built with moseularUy of g^» greatraceperhaps wffl hwnbe tats the origiB of this title. •WesQiwer deaesetshisstobhaaaa arriTe. that tearfglnrecoid. All wa kaew is^ Ckat atlar the oearersiaa of It la not at aU •arprlstoc to And ttat thesehonor."Oia laaaUe In Ua irsisssiliis of poww dMoDlttodaserlbe-but one »•«««»«*•c«»M4»,n«a the1the ssat«f ""debate*, wltt wkkh &• HtraU alow to defisadaoarla , ur pOnat, beaateddto ntchea pof the Coa-ia «fkEHKdsglesl aspaot,ttaui<which would otherwise mostpropertyadvantage heighttBtefraphicvc^Jbt.Mtwbuee, and the occasion pwMdoff Us suooeMoti withdnw Mt anir Outsteoed bo bnrely ta utoud the worid dto Senator hai MemlB|]7 yet to Imm, doM m( tt(encdgtiaaU taJBwdlate subiequent agse the gKMlonnldo nat oonOaeHouse,act.men and outsiders crowd back, foimhlg a hamni of the constitutiooal men wortby of attention. The Judge's foiUes, avenue, and the Little Giant eaten, lesdlaff Hi taw;above, thtoagh;It seems to be to a produced accordingsince,and"a great many of the wisest, bravest and most "peopleupright judge,gracefiii legaloflhaj^Kg bigta^a governmentbeen the law in ever Englandpeople think, has been the law herethis kind, there are not many living men, how- ever, who would venture to doubt his authoritynot even detect in itonly the nepotism of the CARAFrA and the Fab- we seem to theof reforms fleeing from theshould lead the Court of-aboutitthat it goesJudge'sand the Church the freedom of the citizen.The Herald In the Honse.The argumentative lightBing of Mr. Toombs' as sentatives to a series of silly and indecent im- speech is os poor as its rhetorical thunder.Untitled Documentm hiw, pms nSjiofVir-simplyand that thefill.-:>%v?¥*^-- ^>if-;nonsensewithwiiichtheHerald's AmericanUnionrestsas the voice of Northernpublic opin-cotmsel. But there are one or two passages in action of the Peruvian Prestdeatenough to look upon, but endowed with a fear-curiousof being the "chosen rulers of the Italian immediately by a comatose condition, In which to the national collection of jests. Mr. O'CoH-people," were simple heads of the Church and the victim lies quite lethargic for several ob's method of disposing of the Somerset case, trust, will not forget tlat thbof the and after an on Lord is not asubjects Emperor, being hours, and from, which he emerges only by attack Maksfield, oidy art is to remain on wrWWtjfln iatht«j^t^ "o^ :|^elected " the and of fewby clergy nobility Rome," to fall into violent convulsions, termina- novelty in judicial procedure, but one of the days longer. BostoB cianors igi-ttagimiwere consecrated with the Imperial sanction.Mr. described as an attractive and has acted his miserableof the season. We intend no disre- encethedownright Pbyob, who is eloquent orator,greatsovereign lord that the Popes summoned the of the Herald, and on his personal responsi- fend liim against the allegations contained ways to mankind what hi hah biHtiFranks to protect Rome against tho Lombards. bility, branded him with terms which can be in the extemporaneous harangue of Mr. so wiae as toIn the famous letter of Pope STirABO to King to the vilest of mankind. Chablis O'Conob. one who undertakes seenre^BJomeelf. fitly applied only Anywere no morebishop HroHES himself. It was expressly indoors of Mr. SenAna mustthis vision of pore poetic grace and tW^Theysovereignsthan Arch-spect to anybody when we say that we shonldthe of the memorypoMntf-^ pnftttf ofa jand forRepub- four hours the patient gave no sign of life.dispatches."twenty- qualifiedSfnator Douglas and Ills GreatThen be broke forth suddenly into a perfect eighty years,andfell into a most un-Papal anarchy. Five sional reports of the Herald the read- lawyer, but certainly of the importance of en-which has sothe mostImperial authority cate an access of mental idiocy, we should writer, and the most accomplished judicialPryof,the slanderer and beast fromthebe- withthe reputationlongtheSaturday, eoaSIetwn^K^throughoutpower. Even after Gregoby VII. began the are not of a nature to be answered news- ety of other reasons, we also recommend theize a and sniprlse,athey any title to his territories began spontaneity inspiration genuine passion. set afterin viewstyle, they must have hoped to bring the popu- the Cardinalate conclavepresent presentafier the death of Martin V., with the rise of—a calcu- It we a threatcase,artistic than could be wished.On the floor beneath us—whichhies a richly carpeted cock-pit—there an as i leatlwm arm-chairs as ttere are Saoalosa, aad op- posite to each chair a UtUe rosewood desk soppoitad on their legs. Tliese seats sreaiiaatediBSMl'«ir-cular rows, four the elevated aa deep, facing piallKmwhich the Vlce-Preeldent sits ai pnaldiBg ettesr. To the Chairman's right the Demoeratle ahe^ areThat there should be nofound to deal with them save in this inane andof to restrain its Brooklynand let Mr. O'Cosobous denunciations with which they visited thepaper squibs.yrhich the nine ty, until Inwockit IIL broke~this last bond of disgusting way, is a fearful commentary upon for this once without a repeUHon of the vigor-civilthe great feudatories maintained theirindepend- ence of the Papacy. During all tliis time the Popes steadily encroached upon the rights of the people, and when in the twelfth century the Republic was restored, the people punished the Cardinals, who had cut oflfthe civil authori-all communal power.whether the nineLceius ni., Clkmk.st III., Martin IV., con- secrated at Orvieto because the people refusedto allow him to enter RomePopes, but none of them were rulers of Rome. Rome was governed then, as she was down to the middle ofthe fourteenth century, by the SenJilife-time, and theheresies uttered by him at the Union at the Academy of Music.to which he has de- voted liimself both body and soul.meetingwhen heasd pasa npon It hiTM—»r,objectsawhen called both'fkMr aad togeflier,halfdeserted to secure sots is theNot only did he play theaaf after tbs fiAloa of a"andslaughter." Itsthunderhasnoneofthemanipulated from behind the scenespointEnglishandplay isputuponthestageforperformancetillNo- which,recognizebang-whang of the tremendous tin. Theand its d^ner- atioQz grave, aot to say stapid. But this mociitaB the humantideofWashingtondriftsSanatawarfrWPhimpudentimpotent pieceof dictation- —of champion negroEven the Reporters' GaUery—this seat ofbnedlag "ahave makes grave«a tta •ear.theirpossessedwhich he consequently feels for creditors has alone dictated his construction of flie Uaorytions snd degrees. Ttefnalathe publiceffects it depre- mindnaturallyreactsagainstaadtheethaaseft tocastthreataaiagglances,ta*vgma sulphurous smell;upon institutions Tnion lias value to us at all, we do not hkevery politicalproper matters for consideration in pasalBg BtBBi, BuBBix, BiAxB,and theof mankind isBargseat-a the cloak-room andermajorityoffensive to the and laws pride—and that his decision is therefore ub-perversitythat they are very apt to do whatever gallerymistake in counting upon theof Northern He does not "believe tliat men willgenerallx.the bar!it is —we can-populatedyosaaaf;;has prevented our Southern brethren from vig-coloredhopeis—aitdwe are anre that Inthis of edneation, thalnSBNieethenation'sof thefor the last few days been so liberally larded isconcerned,Mr.AshvobbandtheHouseshould diariesfromeithersectionoftheConfederacy. tiooavani^ealMadtriMirMP»- reflect that he is old, dilapidated, unliappy, and Vastly more doleful voices must call from the Mr. O'CoaoK'a aMrof retribution, in its mostmufcet most t^tlie sales ol beeves were at an ad- kingdom in Europe of which the territorial iiinstrate this than his course in regard to the Court of Appeals on behalf of Slavery, on Tues- our Legation at Lima, haa oome home fas &•npby isnotvance of ^.®^. 40* lb., estimated dressed weight, changes and developments can l>e more clearly matter which has thusnearlyceflpts of dressed meats. At yeaterday's general territory known,"thatthereisamatichorizon. Mr. theCavblt, Secnte^rdfas compared with last week ; the cloeing sales droppeddownto theformerrates,atwliicnprice theyardswereclearedout. Milchcowssoldat the low rates prevalent for some time past, and thedemandverylimited. Vealawereinfairde- mand atbrought uponagonizing disciplinehave horror of internaltrust, survive the asaaults of fanatical incen-tombs before the ears of sensible men in any cut both»-•..«.-) • > - -"refutingments of necessity devolves on the opposing pressed on iiir Government by oor iand onbest jokes Satnrdaf next,feel that we wereano such hesitation.law, Mr.O'Co.forhas He not only assails theamnchwith a serious however, Mr. O'Cokob's self- sufficient estimate of Lord Maksfield isEngland hethat the state thesou]ofan ofSlaverywasunknowntothecommonlaw,slave in landsisfree;could authorize it in the British Isles.This hasofdealingSlaverygra- knave. A rough sort of international comity the kind we hare already had at Homttm. Ttw KIs-Leavinglearned foreigners, who consider the institu- Capitol, your conespondeat his wayutterly indefensible, but Southern polite-its profitableness. Mr.O'Coxoaisnotrestrainedand with the mostintroduces this preciselyon the discussion into colored with the armorialLordhearing counsel,such charming audacKy,as theworld knows, decided in the famous Somer- ornaments, of a style some little mors gaudy iMaksfield,of fresco and gilding, carved cwaicea tad 'sssihieto obtain atThere is one citcomstaaoe connected with him, his want ofseen toto easydignityofhi*masnerstaavsVmlord a< any scene thrsagh wUeh hethickset,^iaattention. ThemamnrinwhichheWe wish to institute no lavidioas com- poses to get lid trf^ the Booenet ease is pre- tlsB. Ulsaheadartts sadtae, «*"<cowardice of the millionsbrave in the maintenance of popular which we cannot, in conclusion, avoid callingtiMr.O'Cokob'snewmethodofinterpretationiwinBlTiM l> flw.brstaofas butmany great dicta are ofupontraditional great Judge's decision in the Somerset case, is too severely respectable for the multitiide: 4isment,gatheredsweet and bittertopitmmtm ^ ftMoas, ttA-tiim^^iLtways. TboitbleWTTB1^^^——~—Pax-mbb's Wnrrs riiiiii<WisiijiiM|ii ijm:' tfimportance"*"«!?• mitadiqntadpoiBtergreat deal bettviifcs it'a^ This BwntBC the HoBse wss;mightHouse atcravat, palled down VtM tUitroaSs, plaaiadnoon, buttoned tip Us poetets,soUdly oa Us <eet in the middle aisle, aad<Babzsbau at thesolving the Union, and passing to the other ead ofaaatlast Into the emergingof Senate, Where a most imposing scene ii i iiias irtwhile to the left sit the RepabUoan geats,^has t>een4hlsmora- by tumultnoiu lillJows of inwrf «»r<fatdiilerentSuppose prcsfedwithasenseofthegreatnessoftheembodyingto overrule defence of usury in an ac- and anxious to see whether the perfionnar of Cweaknesses, tastes, predilections, may all be boys I7 the hand. Ills aotagradesadvocate's The Little Giant, as hs has weS. bam BtrM. Is'iicongenial work of dis-theoUong apsit-I .^^tv^V.! ''-1->T::'''. ^. ViM^f^^:-^?-g^www.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 