 * .91 *1![and conbi iteiit with your own public purposes, I would earnest, almost to sternness, regarding Mr'. Ashmanthey attracted much attention. His neighbors, know- ing that Mr. Lincoln was a strictly temperance man, at once dippatched their servants with waiters covered with bottles of Wine, brandy, jyhisky, & c , to enable him to ofler wbat they concenj4d veas proper to thesejesige between Lincoln and Douglas, but that was justly ikeld to be the event of the season." We do not remember whether a challenge to de- bate passed between the friends of the speakers or not, |but there was a perfectly amicable understanding be-tween Lincoln and Douglas, that the former should speak two or three hours, a*nd the latter reply in just as little or as much time as he chose. Mr. Lincoln took the 8tand.at 2 o'clock—a large crowd ia attend- ance, and Mr. (Douglas seated .on a small platform in front of the detdc. The first half hour of Mr, Lincoln's speech was taken up with compliments to his distin- guished friend, Judge Douglas, and dry allusions to therThe Paris new* thia week, is, a« itwafc in thesure as next Christmas that nothingbe changed for Switzerland's sake in the .sfapula-; • imfrov ing the communication between Fort Willianr nearly three thousand majority last Fall; we shall in-crease ib&i majority Two THOUSAND in November! trail*. Garibaldi set sail—or steamed, Tather— jealous, en ^ p ^ y _ g g g j f y ^ ^ j lor the kade of Bed Kiver; and I rather, thmk will come out of the contest with 30,000 majority f,>riight of last Summer's campaigning, all Italian. • f.ons favorable to Franco of this Mmm%*&The false- report of last week has now turned up .1 rUk my vaticinating reputation, of Which I am. bctwec n Canada and thai distant eblohyV ! T&e" free and, jf the other counties do aswell, the JBmpire Statejpurnmeritto tea wn« vfrom 8<rme port between Genoa and Spozzia last .Monday night—probably to Sicily, possibly to some dem point on the Neapolitan coast. The most exagge-rated accounts state that there went with bim, orwere to meet him at sea, five other vessels, mak-ing in aU an expedition of three thousand mea, provided with twenty cannon, abundant provis-ions, camp equipage^ and handsome money sup-ples. Quantity in thie case is less important than •uality. . It is certain that Garibaldi, with somefeithful followers, young Manin among them, naspoit at the Sault will scTve at a pointjd'upput,lihat tils may. be reckoned among the -objects of Lincoln and Hamlin, -v^hether the Pro-Slavery candi-establishing:-thatport.- •-:,';>: ,,.% h -i^M: < ••;••••. date beDouglae, Seymour, Dickinson, or Guthrie.mnhly figure.^ ., ;'•'.,. '' ','...' .:.',,..-.' .'• r'"-V-" <i^^vj'- tirely impromptu, having been called together by tho Perhaps some reader will bocuripus to know now firing of a j email omnon, yet a large concourse of" Honest'Old Abe" received the news of his nomina- Republicans got together, and a more enthusiastic tion. Ho bad been np in the telegraph, office daringfiAT&flion*l\ «j»oh his butfwe fxsfieye die »<• been^deli^erfed to tliiamost zealous admirers attribute to him no such in- who rank* as corporal among the cnfaiits dc troupe vincible power aa they do. He will doubtless in- of the iirst regiment of. Grenadiers of the Guard, spire great confidence in the insurgents, but he will having been very saucy to his mamma, was. there-of the last remains of the feudal tenure, which still :evening. - •; •'•'•[. "•• . ' •'•:~ ' •'cupmn*: weignt ia Lhe balance of European powerGaribaldi, on the contrary, directly -he throws upMs commission in the Sardinia** army, la free- and made a merit of denouncing. Last year, Attorney-" at that statement except to conclude that lie is actually mentary speech in Chicago, the people tilling up each,;iiome. Ifthe--nextelection(PioNonoi*anoldman) should result in the elevation of.a foreign priest to tiie Papal chair 1ii gto the extraordinary richness of theore. Just nowthereisadispositiontoturn,thesemines'to- .'•ecouat, in tha only possible way, by workingmany here would prefer Air. SKWAKU if it was believed W-. Edwards, efcq., son of old Gov. Edwards. Mrsdelegates to the Riclnnoiid Convention." H e r e a t home we^ a r e qn'wt enough. A•'drir.v:l« Jferencctoquadrattiilsneutralitymsecured,-onpa-,Chicago decidedotherwise,'therewill• • 3 ^ i r a l W v , have not lessened by more:i *age, tin- two sjx-itk again -with identicallyfor law, while they profited by an act which they to me expressions of renewed and enduring confidence. These letters will remain with meus assurances in fu-11 crazy." 'Is the same charity to be extended to theentire respect and gratitude toward the French nity of each member at $600 a session, provided it-(notwithstanding the Nicene annexation), and the lasted over one month. The result has been most principles,, yet that they did nevertheless receive the recently assembled at Chicago, to discharge a most pleasant duty.direct statement that he did not advise the Sicilian outbreak, goes into the struggle with might and main, honorably and honestly, as the life-enlisted soldier of Italian freedom is in duty bound.It is noticeable here that the ConstUutionnd and other so-ealled Government papers all condemn Garibaldi's "escapade." The writers in the Pays and Patrie are quite sincere in their* condemnation, drandguillot, the editor of the Constitution/id, a much cleverer man than the other two, whose sin- cere convictions are always to change over night, probably expresses in this, as in other similar cases, perhaps what the Government really thinks, cer- tainly what the Government wishes to have the world think it thinks.As to the condition of the insurrection in Sicily, we have no accurate information. The official journal of Naples declares that the news from the juuandis of the most cheerful.nature: first, there **«jPereT been any werious disturbance there; sec- ondly, the serious disturbances that have agitated the island are quite gone by. In fact, any time for * month past, according to the official falsifyingjournal, the insurrection has always been in thejpast tense. . Omitting now details and any attemptsatis'actory. There have beennoprotracted debates, in which speaking against time was considered a merit. On the contrary, the business of the session has been got through v.ith reasonable dispatch, aud a fair amount of it has been done.The ministerial measures were not numerous; but they were of average importance. The first was the increase of the subsidy to the Canadian line of ocean steamers*to £106,000 a year; nearly double the previous amount. It. was hurried through/^t the commencement of the session, 'the Postmaater- General, who had it in charge, intending to>g?rto England to urge the Imperiiil Government to grant a subsidy to the line, as soon as it was passed. In connection with this measure was a grant for the extension of the telegraph to Belie Isle, in order that, on the approach of the steamers, we may be enabled to get European intelligence two days ear- lier than at present. The increased subsidy met no serious opposition; and there, are strong" rumors afloat about the arguments said to have been used by an interested party wttn a leading opposition member; but as they have not been substantiated, I shall not be more particular. There was a demandW e have come, Sir, under a vote of instructions to that Commits generous support of many good, wise and. patriotic tee, to notify you that you have been selected by the Convention men of my own time. - ol the Republicans at Chicugo, for Preaideut of the United States.1 hey instruct us, Sir, to notify you of that selection, and that " Such assurances, however made, under the circum- Corr.izjittee deem it not only respectful to yourself, but appro-bad stirred up the politics of the State from bottom to .of the delegates to the late Chicago Convention that! top. Hundreds of politicians had met at Springfield,the Committee who were appointed to convey to Mr.! Expecting a tournament of an unusual character-—Douglas, Breese, Koerner, Lincoln, Trumbull, Matte- fon, Yates, Codding, John Calhoun (of the order, of the Candle Box), John M. Palmer, the whole house of the McConnells, Singleton (known to fame in the Mormontocompaio, sift, and coordinate the various reports for inquiry, but it was not enforced with any power-Irom the island, this much is certain: that a ful argument, orpushed with any sort of vigor. On the a frank and candid exposition of my own opinions andable delay, respond to you, Mr. Chairman, in writing, not donat- the meeting- was' called to take action in regard to! ing that the platform will be found satisfactory, and the nomina-first-rate speech!'. This was.the beginning of an amus- i Mr. Ashman then introduced the delegates personally olution declaring it inexpedient to call a State Con-, ing colloquy.contrary, the member who asked for inquiry put .ques-tions across the House calculated to elicit precisely " My friends know .very well that, while they have the kind of answers that would be most likely to as- always, generously made my promotion to public truststion giatelully accepted. ," And now' 1 will not longer defer the pleasure'of taking you,nectioii with this western free port is a grant tor majority for the " Giant-Killer'/ of^llmois. We g*ye frank and honest;-;expre8Bibn, unaffected, pleasant con-"rnrfed.- • Having estaJ> «orf,•Mt| Douglas h wholly atmrt from th. He-Jbadaf(!0.ut half finiand E<d River, in order to facilitate trade relationsThere will be a further sacrifice of reveiiue, re- sulting from the abolition of canal tolls and light-The'Sham Democrats in this region are in a fog. They don't know whether they are "afoot or horse-,listened to-the Peoi. Lincoln,bad fini'sbed, 1 whieh,w<ijpresume to of tbe«a«(ife al»«0, forth bis xntn0mfH, and. k> 2uan)dcr % tlte campt;k--Mr,%M-DeW;M 44 DrvoT*cj^—**ein^r aj» Cn«i^!«ad l^obert j 5n Trtiir^^-ToR'K T^'.con«nt^ma*rht have, h coul^l aa^o l>cen ch< •«-' cation Tof this Corr>;: Oreeley'riii-lr^iDg lei te; jnation g|,ven of ity CJ tion as a brazen frano'. lie taken m by it to den ltonastto sell copies of Ne*r Testament omitu <-^Tbe Rev. Stophei: ! morning M hi? re^si 73d year!of his ag<i of tb© New-York C ICpiacopal ! Church, ea who still survives, in j warn vervlfavontblv and Boston, having b eacli city. ' For sever i ofpresidingelder..He achool, and a perfect m\. will take mace to-day;3f. K. Church, Tarn'to^—William H. Bodt known to be a vile p<;r» the Penitentiary for aP T h T t ? g » ? $ M were" so oblivious of Viennese; house dues,]to the amount of $115;000 a year.. In bacV and are waiting for something to "turn up"-to the first and second ballots on Friday morning. As the ;meeting has nptbeen witnewed in manyadayl Messrs.when it was a question of annexing] a previous letter! explained the nature and objectbring them out of their dilapidated condition, to give! thtm a little hope and spirit. .Poor fellows I. the oncevote of each State was announced- on the platform.;at. jStanton,,Bascom, and others spoke. All.tiioW^e-waste-paper,Tuscany to Sardinia, and who have grown so noisilyuhichit was introduced. As a source of revenue,annexation to France has come upon the tapis, are. theKO tolls, were utterly contemptible; perhaps it proud Democracy is bankrupt, and is shorn of its now fallen into another epileptic tit of moral indig- would I have been impossible to devise any mode of .strength and power, and only wjaiting; for a Receivermindful of the- same since the question of Savoyvictory. . -. *•"nation over the approaching establishnient of a raising so small a sum that would create so much; to be appointed to close up the concern./ . ^ ;left t i e main. H e is probably now in Sicily. • French station on the coast of Abyssinia, and the annbylnce to the trade of the country. The for- ' 'The subject of building a Wigwam came up also at—A correspondent in Owego, Tioga! County, writes thus, underrate of the 22d;-" I n response to a prcvi</us call, there assembled last night m the Ahwaga Hall, and in tbe streets below a great multitude to ratifv tbe nomination of-Lfncohi and Hamlin. Notwithstanding this place was a jstronghold of Seward, be, secnied almost forgotten in jthewild enthusiasm evinced for 'Honest Old Abe.' After the vast concourse of people bad been addressed by Messrs. Wintbrop and Selkreg, a torchlight pro- cession was formed under tbe auspices of the*'Irre- pressibles ' of this village. Old Tioga never before was honored with such a magnificent display on any occasion. It was a grand opening of a glorious eam-paigm' . ;,,(:—A correspohdent|writes from Galena, Til., May 21,There, bis individual presence is worth whole bat- waxders thought themselveshardly dealt with when, "approaching taking possession . by the French of anthe meeting last evening, and a Committee was ap- talion*. Let alone his extraordinary capacity as a island in the Eed Sea. To compare the attacks oil they eaw the State give money in aid of construct- pointed to report at a future meeting. We intend topartisan leader, the new forcible impulse fee can The London.Times on these abominably grasping ing a ifailway that was to carry off a part of their thoroughly organize .every ward and town in the give to the insurrection by his generalship, and the encroachments, with the arrogant defense,, pre- busineb; and in 1858 thej demanded the abolifipn :recruits furnished so abundantly by tlxe stupid Aus- sented in the same London Times of the English; of the [canal tolls on the principle of equitable com-; county, and establish Clubs in the«ame . We proposepensallion for an injury done by the Government to Socking to a standard upheld by hhn, the Neapolitan ment for melancholy gnflaws. When will there bo- a particular interest. It is improbable thatithctrian arid Neapolitan policy oi exile, who will be seizure of the Island of Perim, furnishes argu-the Democrats, where they camruminate for th.e next four years for their past unfaithfulness and rascalities. Huzza for honest Abe Lincoln of Illinois, and the tallwrote on a scrap of paper, " Mr. Lincoln, you are nomi- nated on the third ballot," «£nd gave ;it. to a boyz who ran with it to Mr.: Lincoln. He took the paper in. his hand, andlooked'at it long and silently, not heeding the noisy exultation of all aronud, and then rising and putting the note in his vest pocket, he quietly remarked,; " There's a little woman down at our house would like " to heattnis.-- I'll go down and tell her.",- < l i•oldiers will be scared out of their shoes at sight of biw. Neapolitan soldiers are not eminently cow- ardly;, with competent leaders, in a cause they can take heart in, they fight well enough. But now they a r e already, half demoralized; not only is their cause a bad one, which troubles them little, but it has been badly managed^ their leaders are in doubt of suc- cess: - they are hedged in at Palermo and other places''by the anned insurgents, and are closely sur- rounded by citizens whose bitter bate they, know, and know that at the .first favorable moment it willan end of cant? Take Jying for lying, lima I think: tolls v-ould have been removed solely on their ac- the impudent', almost frank, Napoleonic; variety is; count! The great object of the Finance Minister isless ccndercnable, certainly less contemptible than,to attrjaet a large share of the trade of the West downpine of Maine! •'MR. LINCOLN AND THE OFFICIAL, COM-tho St. "Lawrence. The assumption by the Govern- be devoutly thankful that our , Government is un-1 ment of the'Lake St. Peter works—the deepening, of changcably consistent and veridical. thefchallow over that expansion of the St. Lawrence. KANSAS.'the English hypocritical variety. Let up Americansof this measure, which was carried in the form in;Chicago, it w a s telegraphed tb Springfield^ and those who were gathered there figured up the vote, and hung: over theresalt with the same breathless anxiety as the ciowd at the Wigwam^' As soon as the.second ballot wastaheii, and before :it had been counted and an- nounced by the Secretaries, Mr.* Lincoln walked over to The State Journal'qffice. He was fitting there con- verging while the third ballot was being taken. When Cartter of .Ohio anaounced the change of four votes, giving Lmcoln a mojoriiy, and before the great tumult of applaneein the Wigwam had fairJybcgunj.it was telegraphed^to Springfield. Mr. Wilson, the Tele-to have a good time in splitting rails and fencing in graphic Superintendent, wbo was in the office, instantly'awak«s thereabout are alive for Lincoln, Hamlin, andMITTEEv • " ; ' .,:C: J* A rumor runs that.Franz .Joseph is coming to; I —is- it tended to.put the S t Lawrence route in the Special Corre'Bpondence pf The Chicago Jo'urnaL >::'r'as follows: . . ', „ '"The Republicans of this town had a large and en- thusiastic ratification meeting on Saturday evening. APaiis. 1 think he will not come. He- is like the; Irish rider, not in condition to leave his throne, as much as ho can do to stay on. .: .••.best possible condition for carrying; on a oompeti-.tion witli'rival routes. It is intended to deepen the:channel in Lake St. Peter till there are 20 feet ofwater1,; thus giving Montreal all the advantages that ed by the National Convention at Chicago to wait on vals, bonfires blazing at .the street corners, long rows "of the. balconies of the De Soto House, and the im-Our Emperor and Empress will goto Nice, after the vote of the Turin Parliament approves theMr. Lincoln and notify him of his nomination, consist- of buildings brilliantly illuminated, trie .Statfc-House mense crowd, were, addressed by Stewart L. Woodford, overflowing with shouting people,'speakers awakening Vgq., the' Hon. J. P.' Hattcircheit, ex-member of the ing of the" Prebid^nt of the Convention, the Hon. Geo. new enthusiasm—one of" the New-England delegates JKttneas Territorial Legislature, and delegate to tho bear. They have a superstition about(him. His in the solenmest manner, that the Prince Imperial, but nothing of a serious nature. . . . ' • Ashmun of 'Mass., and the Chairmen of the different remarked that there were more enthusiasm and sky- Chicago Convention^who' spoke both iu; German and The season-just closed has witnessed the abolition, "State Delegations, arrived here-Sftt: 7^ o'clock this rockets than he ever saw in a town of that size before;; English), and by A. II. Byiugtou of Connecticnt. The Ohio delegates brought back with them a rail, There is the very best feeling pervading tbe Republi- one of. the original three thousand split by Lincoln in can ranks, while tbe Douglas Democracy never had a 1830, and though it bears the marks ofy ears, is still harder chill than when they learned of the nominationiwreak itself en them. • But Garibaldi is their bug- j treaty of annexation. The Constitutionnd denies,Queb<cnc\v posseses as a seaport. ' The'measure u.et some opposition froni the district of Quebec;should be prevented from going iu aid of an insur- to incur the reproach of flattery and of .exaggera- ingly iroinismg. The , quantity of land under croprection against a friendly monarch. ' Why was he tion, i The official Monitcur, confirming an anxious with winter wheat is unusually great; and at pres- world in this glad news, tells us thaton Wednesday,WASHINGTON, May 22, 1860.Is the editor of The Herald possessed of the devil V eitiously,' last night, that it was, after all, an economi-«&not stopped ? It might have been difficult enough at the P* I.'s request (aged four years and as many ent there is every appearance of an abundant har- to prevent the man from going. He resigned his weeks), the enfants de troupe of all the regiments vest of grain, as well as grass and fruit. The lat- place in tie Sardinian army on purpose to be free, in Paris were gathered at the Tuileries,- some 150 ter is, of course, not entirely out of the reach of the and to free the Sardinian Government. But his in all. P . I. puts himself in their ranks, and they all frott; 'though, should it escape that enemy, itBlair.of Maryland, the Hon. E. D. Morgan, Governor Of New-York, and Gov. Boutwell of Massachusetts. .,j Jape recently, near W« »bigulai'ly|^oof b'rutaiit Tuesday, the 10th in* L and wagon belongin»r< to aAouse intiie Town t o tb* family living tiiei neighbor tb obtain the i 3ady*-an inmate of tb auddfen ilfnew* demandin Consentedtogo,bata* nying! heri Tins frnsti »uccessiyely cajled at *«i ladies-.4o accompany fa their proper caution a found' one: house wberi falsehood jialmed off as lo let their daughter < other escort. Hetnme road, and when he had of hearing, made kno\l the poor- girl from hq. taking her life, should i any outcry, and despite ie spared;,the bruu;eo! fled, and his victim tott< difficulty she reached. ately arrested.two, three, four, half-a-dozen ships, the hundreds of men, the money, prepared, embarked, collected, under the Government's nose ? Is Victor Emanuel'sdefile before their Majesties; directly thereafter they partook of a collation in the palace; whereat thej Prince, Seated among them, was the " object of awill b(^ the largest crop that we have had for many yearsPdblTIGAL INTELLIGENCE.mA:LETTERPROMMR.SEWARD.creasing, deployed off to the StaterHouse. Square, to give vent to-their enthusiasm in almost- continual cheers, and listen to fervent speeches.Having partaken of a bountiful supper, the Delegates proceeded quietly by such streets as would escape the crowd, to the residence of Mr, Lincoln. Quite a num- ber of outsiders were along, among whom,were half a dozea editors, including the Hon. Henry.Jf. Raymond of The New-York Times.Among the delegatescomposing the Committee,.weremanyofthemostdistinguishedmeninuhatgreatCoa-vention, such as Mr. Evarts of New-York, the accom-plished an eloquent spokesman of the delegation fromthe Empire State, and friend of Mr. Seward; JudgeKelly of Pennsylvania, whose tall form and sonorouseloquence excited so much attention; Mr. Andrew ofMaeeachueetta, the round-faced, handsome man, whomade such a beautiful and telling speech on behalf ofthe old Bay State, in seconding the motion- to makedecency ? ,'','' Xou may depend upon it; the fires of .Republicanism are kindled, and are bunng brightly, and whether In his issue of yesterday, he repeats what was Douglas be nominated at Baltimore or not, it matter© asserted in a previous issue, that Mr. Lincoln once little, for depend upon it Illinois is sure for honest oldboldly said: . . . , . - j ABE LINCOLN." •" I did mean to ROon the hanks of the Ohio and throw etoneir —The Evansvillc (Ind.) Journal hoists the Hag of into Kentucky, to aisturb them in their domestic institutions." the Republican candidates with the following remarks:Now, let us. see where this reckless slander orig- j " While we advocate the election of Lincoln andHamlin, not one word have we to say in disrespect ofinated: • John Bell and Edward Everett. They are both patri-FromthepublisheddebatesofMessrs.Lincolnand otic,wise,honeststatesmen. ButwiththemthereisnoDouglas,-in 1858, (Follet, Foster &. Co., Columbus, probability of dt-feating that Administration which isruining tne country. We ebould feel, in voting for O.,) on page 59, I extract the following from a speech them, as if our votes were lost. We wish to voteof Mr. Lincoln:" He (Judge Douglas) charges, in substance, that I invite a war where our ballots will tell against tbe common foe—as weak or as dishonest as that of the United "" veritable ovation; to the which he replied by re-; States'? W as it as impossible.to stop Garibaldi as "repeatedly crying out Vive l'Armee! Viveut lesWalker 3 .lust as impossible, I fancy. When the " Enfants de troupe. This toast Ice toast in the- birdhasflown,Sardiniansteamersaresentinpur- "original—toast, sport, comfortable, and some! wort. Bah! Garibaldi is as skillful a sailor as " other English words have been adopted by the: aoldier. He has landed before, this. " Erench^but with such odd disguises of meaning^ ' The following letter has been addressed by Mr." that their'own mother tongue can hardly recog-, Seward to the gentleman of the Central Republican. Cavour very likely would have preferred to keep " nize .them]—which was not looked for from ai Committee, who invited bim to attend a meeting to back Garibaldi,' although his presence at homeof sections; that I propose :»11 the local institutions of thedifter- , the Buchanan Admiustration. Hence, while we wouldwas making discomfort for the Minister. As for " child of his age, [of course; not, cctaiis suit IV. be hclc for the proceedings of the National Convention.ent States shall become consolidated and uniform. What is there in the language of that speech which expretaes such purpose, or bears sncn construction'? I have again and again safa that I would not enter into any of the States to disturb the institutionfind little difficulty in nupportiug Bell and Everett, if we thought they cduld be elected, we knb>c they can- not, and therefore do not wiah to act in sucba-manner that our efforts will be of no awl. We mn«t see some tangible result of our labors, el»e our faith would be weak and our efforts feeble."| —That amiable journal, The Boston Courier, abases the Republican candidate for Vice-President in tbe fol- lowing instructive style:" He never had an original idea, and, for his pur- poses, did not need any. He is not competent to Write good English, as his Message when he was GovernorTictor Emanuel, if lie were not a king, he would have gone off with his friend himself. There is a real human sympathy between the private and the royal volunteer in the Italian cause. And Gari- baldi is a king in his way—has grown to be a real" and no promting,] gave great pleasure to all; It will be seen that Mr. Seward takes his defeat withCANADA. ISuropean Power, with whom other European .Kroxa Our Own CorrespondedMr.Ashmun,thePresidentoftheConvention,BOlong the bosom friend and ardent admirer of Daniel Web- ster, and the leader of the Massachusetts Whigs; the veteran Blair, and his gallant sons, 'Frank.'P. and Montgomery; brave old Blakie of Kentucky; Galla- gher, the literary man of Ohio; burly, loud voiced Cariter of Ohio, who announced-the four votes that gave.Lincoln the nomination, and others that I have not time to mention. .- «'-».'language most able and ingenious for concealing what I really . meant, and that, -while 1 had protested against entering into the Slave States, I nevertheless did mean to go on the banks of tbe-Ohio and throw missiles into Kentucky, to disturb them iu their domestic institutions. • ;" I said in that speech, and I meant no more, that the institu- tion of Slavery ought to be placed in the very attitude where the framers of tbe Constitution placed it and left it. I do not under-] stand that the frattier t of bur Constitution left the people of Hie •Free Mate* in the attitude oj firing bombs, and shells into thePowers must account.TORONTO, May 21, 1860. The Provincial Legislature was prorogued on Saturday, the session having commenced on the make, and on diplomatic note-paper, the Royal, 28th of February. The duration of the session Zouave must disapprove all this; it is not in his na- was somewhat abridged by the new plan of " in-ture, nor in human nature, that he should disap- demnifying" members for their personal expenses. jm>ve it in fact. There is not the slightest sign of The law previous to the last session had, for sev-His watchword, accepted also by Mazziiii, "is •'Italy and Victor Emanuel.'' For appearance'san understanding between the crowned and un- crowned leaders of the Italian cause. That there 5* a sympathy between them that may practically work as well, is considerably plainer than a pike- staff. Garibaldi is certainly acting much the noblereral years, fixed the indemnity at $4 a day; but one branch of the . Legislature—the Legislative. Assembly—made no bones about supplementing the amount by $2 a day, thus making it $Q,person placed in nomination. The graceful and be- coming terms in which Mr. Seward expresses his sincere concurrence in the action of the Convention will only endear him the moreto hiB friends, and to all others V'&q prize true greatness of soul." AusuiiN, May 21,1860." GF.N'TI.KMK.V: I will not affect to conceal the sensi- bility with which I have received the letters in whichand roomy appearance, situated in the quiet part of the town, surrounded with shrubbery. As they were pass- ing in at the gate and up the steps, two handsome lads of eight or- ten years met them with a courteous " good morning, gentlemen:" . .Democrat, he was notorious for indulging in a low, blackguarding style. Everybody in Maine knows that. He was not capable of anytbing'better."! -—The Chicago Press and Tribune gives the follow- ing account of a public discussion between Messrs. Lincoln and Douglas, in J 854, four years before their great contest for the Senatorship:" The affair came, off on tbe fourth day of October, had to be carried from the stand. When they next 1854. The State Fair had been in progress two days, and the capital was full of all manner of mem The met at Freeport, Lincoln, in alluding to this gross mis- Nebraska bill had been p^sced on the previous twenty-. ,—A correspondent, J | ly of Texktt, but at pr CaL, writes us from- tipart of the two; but it must not be forgotten that hy © cinvule resolution, which did not repeal thewhen Mr. Lincoln was not present, said, in a publiccount of the persecution! subjected ^n some pon ioi m Hie Spring of '59, dni Conforence of the M. EJTexas,,the meeting was, lawless fellows, who in* tion,, threatening all eonfconv)snod.; Mr. Logdonthe Methodist denomina vicinity,'aibd are su?;je« ances. One writes: "*Eow I Torig to be in a is,rtbat Shivery and C&i each otheiri and .every and truthfully the tea patiently tolerated in a•the former]is laved betice—Henry! Grice of Oh: firmed as United Stat<-«*. Utah.' 3|h—^The dignity of Cl>e lias been !conferred I npon M. Maurice Dudev celebrated G?orge SaaK that he owes this inoiv i mothar than to his own—Tbe King of Napie of Ins brother, Cbuut tilda> daughter of the i> sister of the Austruui E—On Saturday, M.ty ized in the chapel of tHe anniversary' of the tint lena. The Emperor, | Prmccsses of the Imfieri health of I*rince Jeronpresent at the ma*« at scnted sit the Church of servicewaslikewisepet anld by the officers of his Invalides was filled by tb rial army, attired in thj a—On a Saturday evepi excitement was,causesl|at himself on the Quai ©very man that passed l \vpiece which he pulled iroj ing be was mad, talkedout,.'" Do not interrupii c unexpectedly come iun] a amcle, and I have resoNei iude and joy, to distributesaying, he continued, hi #mpty, after which he <ru—Our.excellent netg^b Postnntster at Windsor 1^. for a persou living iu- Cbp notitic-/The Tablet to st>j acriberj iu the foUowirig m:-why iu the devil<\ ' -." 'Otir cou*mporary!comntc> the notice of the iPost-ington. He ought ti> be p -.'" —It is most important t M-ntatioii should be U'*umjournals luive statedithaC NapoleonIII.,whoistt< traupc intbe^l«t regiiaon Ouard, having shown juotiier, the EmprreiL, a; rank of coq>oral, in prx-v5t rememK'iivd. tliat tb.-Paris Constitutioiiiu-i \\ i " We should not biav«i'ablo if the provincial j tale, and ifllit did notUUjuo Mntmieht of hostility., u Imperial,- notwithsta'tHlf iU'ter of sd obetinate a \ luni,!rcc*>uVsomustbeb jibsurd aitolry i.s so fin been otleni* tempted v which allow so good'a b the PrinCffl, were i' proached with tiat-tcrv ;uiSo,theKiujureistr.-.i.p,• —Elder^jjlvtm'pp, the > elo*ed a ff-rics of la'- t> he preachcijd tbe/e.,2o0»l i s role is much the easiest. Emanuel is placed be- tween the diploma tic proprieties, not to say neces- sities, on one side, and his own ambition and pat- riotism and fighting tastes on the other, thanks to his quality pf king and ally of Napoleon and avoir-law fixing the amount at $4, but, nevertneiess,overrode it. A certain number of members alwaysvoted against the increase, but they nevertheless took" present."the same calm dignity and self-respect, which has ' alwayn characterized bis political conduct. In the re- verse of fortune, as in success, he does not forget thathis cause is greater than himself, and that the true pa-f tiiot mtret look for his reward, not in personal triumphs, but in the triumphs of principle. He regrets that he Will not now be able to recompense his friends for their, long am! earnest'fidelity; but he evidently looks forward to rc-tiiement with a feeling of relief and joy. Mr. Sew-Lincoln's nomination unanimous; Mr. Simmons, thegray-beaded Ignited States Senator from Rhode Island; of Slavery. Judge Donglaa said, at Eloomingtott,;that I usedC"*' iNew-York. "Yes, Sir," said the boy. ''Then let's ijhake hands;" and they began greeting him so warmly as to excite the younger one's attention, who had stood silently by the opposite gate-post, and he sang out " I'm a Lincoln, too;" whereupon several delegates, aroid much laughter, saluted the young Lincoln.Having all collected iu the large north parlor, Mr. Ashmun addressed Mr. Lincoln, who stood at the eastirresponsible; and having expressed in writing-his General Carrier carried a measure fixing the indem-r ture-years that, although I.was not unwilling to await, end of the room, as follows:"I have, Sir, the honor, in behalf of the gentlemen who arespeech, that Lincoln was so weak in the knees that he'especial good care to pocket the money; thus'seek-ing to get credit for a love of economy and respect you and so,many other respected friends have tenderedstatement, said: "There is no charitable way to look secend May. Mr. Douglas had returned to Hlinoiij to meet an outraged constituency.' He.had made a frag-"^B^lingered in a few of the seighorieS in the District of A great crowd werft awaiting them at the depot; andinspireyetgreaterfeariatheirenemies. upondegradedbyhispapainpresenceof.asquadof.^How canie he-to get,, ofl ? His purpose was soldiers. The Conslitutionnel declares, on the con-known, talked of, discussed in every European trary, that the P . I. is the best and most.mora J- regarding• •the winter Wheat seem to have been; he crowd and two or three bands_, discoursing stirring State for honest old Abe. •capital, long before his departure. Diplomatic broth of a boy (so'to" speak), on whose goodness ofI washed away by the recent rains. Fields that music. The appearance and names of the more distin- ...-. ': n i l : • ' ..: m • •'•• '•)•representations, came into Turin from England, heart and fineness of sentiments it (the Constitutiori- looked bare, and were supposed to have suffered guished Delegates were received with vociferous 'apr FORGERIES ON-LINCOLN. -from Naples, probably from France, urging that he nd) would be tempted to enlarge if it did not fear from winter-killing, are now found to be exceed- plause, especially the venerable and famous Francis P; Correspondence of The N. Y., Tribune.From The Evening Pest.ard cordially approves of the doctrines presented bythe Convention at Chicago, and bears his willing' testi-mony to the ability, the character, and the zeal of the. ing, fronting west, of plea»ing exterior, with a neat• Slave States." •."-•'< • • "Is it too tevere to call such misrepresentations as The shows. As a stump-speaker, when he was an ultra?even'for another age, the vindication of my • political present, a Coninritiee appointed by the.Republican Convention,editor of- The Herald ?'.. • <$.,'.,t;';—The Baltiniorc Patriot has been informed by one which- succeeded. The notoriety Of all these eventsstances now existing, derive their priceless value largely from the fact that they steal upon me through the channels of private correspondence, and altogether unhnowi to the world. You will at once perceive that such expressions would become painful to me, andjuBtly offensive to the community, if they should be al-lowed to .take on any public or conventional form ofmanifestation. For this reason, if it. were respectfulpriate to the important matterwhichthey have in hakd, that they should come in person, and present to you the authentic evidence of the action ol that Convention; and, Sir, without any phrase which Bhall either be considered personally plaoditory to your- self, or which fchall have any reference to $he principles iuvolvod in th<i questions which are connected with your nomination, I desire to present to'you the letter whi$h has been prepared, and which.informs you of the nomination, and with it the platform, resolutions and Bentiments which the Convention adopted. Sir, at your convenience we shall be glad to receive from ydu such a response as it may be your pleasure to give us."Air. Lincoln listened with a countenance grave andLincoln the official notice of his nomination as theircandidate for President, repaired to Springtield,. 111., inthe fulfillment of this'duty.'" jfie stated that Mr. L.resides in a comfortable mansion^ in the suburbs of thecity, and as the Committee proceeded to his residence, speeches were made before and several after the pas-1';'(The excursion train beiring the Committee appoint^• -.''•' 'SPRINGFIELD, 111., May 19, I860. Itorch-light procession paraded the streets of the city, headep by a brass band. A staging was erected on onewith the profoundest attention, and at the conclusion ofhave delayed my reply to you until I could have had that gentleman's remarks, titter an impressive pause, distinguifihed guests. Mr. Lincoln met these servantsan opportunity of making it xerbally next week on my way to Wa.-hiipgton, after completing the arrangements for the repairs upon my dwelling here, rendered necea- eaiy by a recent fire. •he replied.in a clear but subdued voice, with that perr ft ct enunciation which always marks his utterance, and a dignified sincerity of manner suited to the man and the occasion, in the following words:"JMKT-eHAinNAN, ANI> (JKNTUBMEN OK TUB COMMITTEE.' Iwho had the charge of these refreshments, and re-; quested them to say to his friends and neighbors that he duly appreciated their fondness, but be could not content to violate a long established rule of conduct,\•Krtrvo- vrvRK 11AILY TRIBUNE, FRIDAY, MAY 25,I860.thorititswill-needtokeepasharplookoutt,at that than of any man .or set of men. The canso of.oq*i at Harvard CoUege.ltfaBfl. ',.-. g!pfi t^^WM:^ J ^ ( W r t ? till after th.^ meeting of the_ Richmond miSfinator, ye^we th,inX.mQre.,of thoj^njo of Freodom' They have three soifl, two of them already mentioned, deemed best to postpone the timejiOoldm^jliftjaipt^ across, thejriverJSto. .Manef„and.tho American an^ and on older onc-^a young man of 16 or 18 years, now"country, now in peril, is and should be foremost in'ou* ^ ^ r . ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ m ^ B i e K j daring tKe.evening:witA: • BaUimore CoDyentions. The time for, holdajg,^ppi^t, ;qr their own, ..miners may take measures lorsupplying themselves with free goods, too. a Incon- beartB. You can rely on Old Onondaga for a splendid 'digniiy.'.'and.'^^...H'i8V'1cin'dJj.. and sincere manner ,vereation, sdbn'itoade every, one|eel at ease, and ren- dered the hour'and a half whicb they spent with nira one of great pleasure to the delegates.) He was dressed with perfect neatnefis, almost elegancor-tbongh, as all Illinoians know, ho usually is as plain in his attire as he is modest and umnisnming in deporthicntl ' He stood erect, displaying to excellent advantage hfs tall andMontreal..*• '.•';": ' '"""'''•.'":••greetedtheircomingwithenthusiasticshouts. From toughenoughforservice.ItisforTomCorwm,-whd. <fhonestoldASELINCOLN. Theyanticipatedadif- / . The fears that were entertained sqmo time ago; he depot they marched to the .hotel, accompanied by mends taking- it with him as he stumps the Buckeye; ferent result, and are loud in their ^mentations over be wrong and injustice done to Mr. S<}ward, The "bowels of their compassion are most deeply stirred within them, on account of the great wrong donetho«e Republicans wbo preferred him to any other nominee! There'is but o n e ' J . B.' Democrat in the city. HeIn a few minutes (it now being about 8 p. m.),' they were at Lincoln's house—an elegant two-story dwell-Herald's fiendish ? iT'-• - ;At the close of the first regular debate between Messrs. Lincoln and Douglas, at Ottawa, in 1858, Mr. Lincobai'sfriends, in the fullness of their rejoicing at his triumph, bore him away on their shoulders amid "Am you Mr. Lincoln's son?" -said Mr. Evarts of shouts of victory. Douglas, a fewdays after, atJoliet," The lame reason determines me also to decline tender to you, and through you to the .Republican National Con-vention, and all the people represented in it, my profoundest and that he should treat his guests with plentiful political events of the past few years. His distin-your kinl invitation to attend the meeting in which thanks for the high honor done me, which you now formally an- yon propose some demonstrations of respect to my- nounce. Deeply, and even painfully sensible of the great re- sponsibility vyliich is insepcrable from this high houor—a respon- sibility wi.ich 1 could alnioht wish had fallen upon some one of the fur mole eminent men and experienced statesmen whose dis-draughts of delicious and pure ice water.—The Democratic State Committee of Massachu--setts held a secret session.at the American House,guished friend, Judge Douglas, haa taJcen his seat, as solemn as the Cock-Lane gbost; evidently with the de- ! sign:of not moving a muscle till it came his turn to i Speak. The laughter provoked by Lincoln's exordium>self, whili so justly considering the nominations which have beei. made by the recent National Convention at Chicago. At the same time, it is your right to havetinguished names were before the Convention, 1 shall, by your in Boston, on Wednesday. Reporters were ex-. however, soon began to make him uneasy; and when leave, consider more fully the resolutions of the Convention, de- Mr. L. arrived at his (Douglas's) speech pronomicingnominated the platform, and without unnecessary or unreason- eluded by a special vote, but it is supposed that the Missouri Compromise ' a sacred thing, .which nosentiments on that important subject.' ruthless hand would ever be reckless enough to dis- \ turb,' he opened his. lips far enough to remark, ' Amonth after the first outbreak tin- insurrretion holdsits own against some 35,000 Neapolitan troops.T h e other hopeful fact is that Government has sent.all the forco it can spare from the main to the sist in carrying the bill. Among other questions, their own exclusive care, mine has only been to exe- to Jlr. Lincoln, who shook them heartily by the hand. •vention. .;' • •.;" .i. •.-.island. Asfor a cooperatiuginsurrectiononthe heaskedwhether itweretrue tbat the Oauadiau cutethemfaithfully,soastobeable,jat thecloseof Gov.Morgan,Mr.Blair,SenatorSimmons,Mr.Welles,pain,notmuchhopeistobesetuponit. There steamershadseveraltimesleftthreeorfour days theirassignedterms,toresignthemintothehandsof andMr.FoggofConnecticut,wereiirstintroduced;then , —TherewasalargeandenthusiasticmeetingatTS undoubtedly a chance of a rising in Calabria, and after the.Cunard steamers and got in first; well the people without forfeiture of the ppblic confidence. came hearty old Mr. Blakie of Kentucky, Lincoln's Saratoga, N. Y*,jon the 21st inst., to ratify the nomi- tbat a strip extended north of 36° 30', he actually intro- there is some uneasiness in the City of Naples; but knowing, as an official return before him/showed, native State, and of course they had to compare notes; duced a bill extending the line and prohibiting Slavery' • ibe devilish policy of Bomba, continued by his son, that none but an affirmative answer could bo re- The presentation of my name to the Chicago; Conven- inquire up old neighborhoods, and if time had allowed nations of Lincoln, and Hamlin. The Hon. James B. In,the northern edge of the new State.'h a s driven from the country or imprisoned nearly turned. tion was thus their act, not mine. The disappointment, they would soon have started to tracing out the old McKean, the* Representative in Congress from that " ' And you votf d against tbe bill,' said Douglas.all who were fit to be leaders in such a movement; The budget 'was very commonplace; and thetibe few who remain are too closely watched by the financial measures, with one or two exceptions, Were have found them unprepared. On the other hand, I-poiice to be able to begin acting in-concert; and for not important. No new taxes were • imposed, and have no sentiment either of disappointment or discon-:hearty. Tall Judge Kelly of Pennsylvania was then speech from Mr. W. M. Potter, who bad been an out-! tinguished friend introduced me to a particular Iriend • presented by Mr. Ashmun to Mr. Lincoln. As'theythe rest, " at Naples, we must notdisguise the fact, no great amount was remitted. The book duty» im- tent: for who, in any possible case, could, without shook hands, each eyed the other's ample proportions eider at Chicago.: Some appropriate resolationa were] ofhis, one David Wilmotof Pennsylvania.' [Laughter.] 4**piBage. As for the bourgeoisie, we must throw establishment of two'free ports; one at Gaspe, near it had been framed with my own hands, and in the Judge Kelly, in bis-round,, deliberate tone.campaign. - .' I believe. At any rale, Gen. Cass scolded HonestJohn Davis of Massachusetts soundly for talking away— The Daily Times of Cincinnati, an American the last1 hours of the session so that he (Cass) couldn't*'profit under any regime, and who very weil know"ihttt in ease of insurrection they would be pil- ports, and to encourage mining and agricultura"lagedlry the defender* of public order." I fear settlement.near the Sault Ste. Marie. ' Fleets oi' " I trust, moreover, that those with wijom I have were none but Utile giants." . ' less brilliant, less of a natural genius, less of an intel- ly./'The old General Las an infirmity for writing let-" o u t the immense majority of the indifferent and the eastern extremity of the province, and the" t h e timid, all the hitie and most of the large other at the -Sault Ste. Marie, some 2,000 miles candidates uuopted by. it, eminent and able Republi- '* traders; who only desire tranquillity and money- further west. The object of establishing these free cans, with wnoia I have cordially cooperated in mum-" bix feet four," replied Lincoln. '..'.' " Then," said Judge Kelly, " Pennsylvania bows tocrowd it through., Apropos of Uen. Cues: if 1 am nothat the somber picture is true to life; I know, at fishing vesselsr^isit the gulf of St. Lawrence everyMr. Evar.ts of Kew-York expressed very gracefully lectual giant- than Mr. Douglas, has at the same ters. Shortly after the scolding ho gave John Davis,ieast> that the artist, a sincere Liberal, would have gladly painted with gayer colors. A long residence m Naples has made ton familiar with his models.year; but they bring no trade worth speaking of toany Canadian port. Hereafter they will be offeredgoods free from import duties, in the hope that,labored so long tbat common service in a noble cause has createf, between them and myself relations of per- sonal friendship unsurpassed.in the experience, of po- litical men. will iudulgc me in a confident belief thathis gratification at meeting- Mr. Lincoln, whom he had time nioie of those sober and excellent qualities tluitheard at t^e Cooper Institute, but whore, on accountof the pressure and crowd, he had to go away without ' constitute the real man, and more of that sterling char-he' wrote his Nicholson letter—i "Douglas (solemnly—'God-Almighty placed manon the CJ.rth, and told him to choose between good, and evil. That was the origin of the Nebraska bill!'!"Lincoln—'Well, the priority of invention being settled, let us award all credit to Judge Douglas lor being the first to discover it.'ports was to attract the firshermen of the lower'.taming the principles embodied in that excellent creed. Illinois. My dear man. for years my heart has been journal, has a fair and just article on the Chicago nom- greatly mistaken, he has a prior claim to my disuu-acteristic that fornis the patriotic statesman;"—7t is stated'that Mr. Lincoln's ancestors had a hand copper and silver mines on the north shores ot binder or oelay, or in any. way embarrass, the progress Mr. Lincoln, as coming from Massachusetts, because in taking off the head of Charles I, and fled to Hing-under these conditions, they may find it the-ir inter-Poor old Pope is getting weary of his French auxil- est to obtain their supplies at Gaspe. The rich no sense oi disappointment will In; tulowed by them x,o . Mr. Andrew of Massachusetts said, " We claim you,Ttie state of affairs in ftonie is more amusing.iaries. Lamoriciere and Merode, with the most all the old'Lincoln name are from Plymouth Colony." hom, MCBR., whence tbey emigrated to Pennsylvania, j "It would bo impossible, in thesejimita to give an enthnsiastac respect for nis Holiness as an aostrac- Lakes Huron and Superior, have scarcely been of tha.t cause to the consummation which is demanded " We'll consider it so this evening," said Lincoln. ;den'of the strength of Mr. Lincoln's argument. Wetion, and a perfect passion for the Dark Ages as a worked' at all. About 12 or 14 years ago, by a patriotic regard to the safety and welfare of the "Various others were presented, when Mr. Ashmun and that one of tho family, received the sword of Corn- deemed it by far tbe ablest effort of tbe i-u-mpHign— iptinciple, persist in introducing into the army, aid several bubble mining companies wen; "started, country and the best interests of mankind.asked them to come.up and introduce themselves. wallis at the defeat at Yorktown. If these things be from whatever source.. The occasion WJUS a great one,the Ministry the modern practices of French admin- which began- and ended in .stock-jobbing. A few in- Atratioa Practically, these most retrograie of dividuals made large sums out of the delusion—theI inn] Biucetely and tbtjletetfolly,-" Your friond mid obedient servant,'• Come u]i, .gentlemen," said Mr. Judd, " it's nobody so, they are curious reminiscenceslbut. Old Abe Lincoln'.-" The greatest good feeling pre--vailed. An the delegates fell. back, each congratulated • —The Lafayette: (Ind.) Jour rial says: " It is gen- the other that, they had got just the sort of-man. A erally conceded that the vote of Indiana for Lincoln inand the speaker was every way equal to it. The effect I produced (in ibe listeners, was magnetic No one who was present will ever forget the power and vehemence j oft^efoliowhigpassage: .fancy prices to winch the stocks, without rhyme or*Tcn«h arid Belgian retrogrades appear fc> the Ko-manofficial*tobeterriblyradicalreformer.*: The reason,-rose—butnothingwasdone'iuthewayof ToMcd'srP.ChorionC.Kott,Wiu.H.Bull,A.J.Williamson, neaily-dre«edKew-Knglanderremarkedtous,."Iwasconsequence i* that at the present moment there, is working the mines, of the richness .of which there * struggle for ascendency going on in Rome, be- is not the least doubt, except in two or three in-tween the conservative holdbacks and the rev-da- stances. A^d. even in these cases the companies faonary holdbacks, entertamin- enough to onlook- went to work in a'most extravagant way, erecting".WILLIAM H. SEW ARD.C. S. Spencer; mid F. W.- Sliephml—1'or thu IUspjibiiciuj aiiaid I should meet a gigantic rail-splitter,-with the! the National Convention at Chicago was the main I " * My distinguished friend says it L> an insult to thoCentra] Committee."manners of a flat-boatman, und the ugliest face in crea- eaubo of hisnemiuation." emigrants to Kansas and Nebraska to suppose they aronot able to govern themselves; We must not slur over — TheBinghamion Jhmocrat thinks that Lincoln is an argument of this kind because it happens to tickle " a third-rate, Gliuig-whaiiging lawyer; a man, well the ear. it must be mot. and uuewcred. 1 admit thatOLD ©NONDAGA--THE RIGHT SPIRIT.ers. At last accounts tbe Pope is reported as works at an enormous expense, a.nd bringing out Correspondence of.The N.'Y. Tribune. . '• pcrlor; where they were. Hevorally conducted after enough in his way, buf possessing no proper qualilica- the t ntfgrant to Kansas $nd NVbraska is competent u>iichnmg toward the Antonolh faction; the acemihfi a el aiatterkss set-of*.Cornish miner*, who, at the *vk,w the k*t was that he was iuehniug the otln^r cud of a week of idleness, would dull their tools-way, and that- Wiseman might be Autondii's sue cess*,intributitdinai uiaunuT womu coiupiete tne Conqftest of rijt'n, the investment proved a profitable one, oiv- all necesuipy prepaiaiiuns. The meeting was. well cue of -the prominent' citizeUH of Springfield. She.-isj - SYRACUSK; May 23,18GQ. The Republican Club of this city met.last evening— the Hon.Z. W. LKAVKNWOHTU presiding—tomakeand accomplished lady to know tbat she adorns a drawing-room-, presides over; a tabic, docs the honors1against blocks of granite, in order to make believethatthey Bad been working. Hut,inspiteof allthe mismanagement and extravagance'of the cotn- arrangemenis fox ratifying the Chicago 'nominations. .on an oecamon hke the present, or will do tho honors4ccpt a slung nickname, in lieu of fitness, and. go itvvia'HOVT THAT- \'YA<*US's^coysKsT.'' The apphiu8» wbnhJ'ollowtdt\\Mu-iumpbantrcl'uuitionofucunning;"alsehood, was but an earnest of the victory l&t the ' jolls which followed just one month from that day.Recollecting bimwU, he AM<^ ' though iu » perfectly <kumcouB manner'—abided in a ixjrfcctly cotuteotw u.ntnner ! He then -devoted half an hour to showing tihatit wasijidispeueably necossjiry to California emi-at the White House with appropriate grace. .She is a'paties and the b:ul faith .of their i hi ported work- A Committee of .tv/enr.y-four was appointed, to make daughter of Dr. Todd, formerly of Kentucky, aud loni> blind.'" , ! •" When Mr. Lincoln had concluded, Mr, Dougla* itrodc bastilv to the stand. ' As usual, he employed tentl-em. And the Government, in order to encourage this disposition, has resolved to secure the miner.%he was the,strong man in tho "pivotal States;" but,Jjir.coln is now apparently about ;35 years of age jH aas'thV umpire atTh*rov/illbeconsiderabledangerofsmugglingjNew-YorkJ Woglory,inthenameofour;\nie<]|ialed| petite,butmreallyabouttheaveragebightofladlee.manner; is an interesting «^d,often spaikliqgtalkerof talk still go«» en abont ^Switzerland and a* <fJon- f'tee of" export dnty, all the goods they .require, be keheerfill acquiescence in that jadgmentia Central, Standing by her ahnoH giKantic. hnsbiuiH, shei apneiur* and to the end that! the Democrnthvparty may be h^ir- igvants, Sunta Pe traders, und others, to have orgauia*ftH i.:J-./,i ' ' ..•.'V•'. • i 1<»* 1Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069i.\J; , ;: v'f:A(£, .' ' '•• •'"• .• 'i. i>! ': •'..•.' f t ! '-" ;monized/'ifnd con&m'dated in that State, it has beens'letsprovidedfortheTomtomsofKansatjand.Nebras- f'H—that being precisely the point wbick nobody•«&•-... •%Untitled Documentand each of you, by the hand." • ',..ton. Before separating, the Committee adopted a res-therefore, is their, disappointment, not mine. It may pioneer families. Major Ben. Eggleston of Cincinnati District, made a good speech to his friends and neigh- , " 'Precisely so,' replied Lincoln. ' I was in favor of'was next, and his greeting and reception were equally running the line a great deal further' south.1 "\bors on the subject, which was followed by a briefer " 'About this time,' the speaker continued, ' my dis-** the patrician* are not noble, and the plebeians posed at the previous session, was abolished; presumption, claim that a great national party ought to with genuine admiration—Lincoln, for once, standing passed, and the meeting adjourned in the best of feel-: " T thought,' said Douglas, ' you would find him " are not people- The great names that once hon- and it was the only customs duty removed. A 'choose him for its candidate for the first office in tho straight as an Indian during this evening, and showing ing for the cause and candidates. A Wide-Awake congenial company.** ored the country are borne to-day mostly by mere further sacrifice of customs revenue, to the amount" his tall form in its.full dignity... . " ' S o I did,' replied Lincoln.' ' I had the pleasure gift of the! American people ? I find hi the resolutions " What's your bight ?" inquired Lincoln; • Club has been formed at Saratoga, and it ia in contem- Of voting for his Proviso, in one way and another,** coxuiiers. The populace is for rft. Januarius aud of probably $50,000 a year, was occasioned by the of the Convention a platform as satisfactory to me as if •"Six feet three; what ia yours, Mr. Lincoln?" said plation to budd a Wigwam.for use during the coming about forty times. It was a Democratic measure then,aching for a President that 1 could look up to, and I've, inations. It says that " Mr. Lincoln; while, perhaps,I cheerfully give them a sincere and:earnest support.' found 'him at last in the land where we thought there jguitfl.ed friend to the authorship of Popular Sovereign-an introduction.tion; and he's a complete gentleman.''- ;Mrs. Lincoln received the delegates in the nou(hIt is needless to say that the people of Springfield were delirious with joy and enthusiasm both that even- ing and since. As the delegates returned to the hotel—, thesky blazing with rockets,- cannon roaring at inter-superintends the Post-Office here, and said to me fa- When they arrived at the hotel the.crowd,.still inT Does there remain in his composition yet one spari* of cal place, for be could treat his whole party for a dime!the course of the Massachusetts delegates to Charles-!their official duty was performed, it will no doubt be govern himself, but,' the speaker rising to his fulla gratification to,tbose who have not seen this amiable' tion for the placei for whh'h he is nominated, in put Light,, * I deny his right to gav.rn any other pcrsiH*foiwnrd as ' Old Abe Lincoln'—' Old Uncle Abe '—•HonestOldAbef-4-andthe peopleareexpectedtoao-a-tended, and the right.spirit prevailed..SOf course, •one of tliree hinrers noted for their beauty und accom- —Senator'Hammond of South Carolina has al*opliebwentB. OneofthemianowthowifeofNiiiian! takenhisturnatletter-writing. Ho,goeaforsending Inmatesitttellinghowgrosslvhebidbeen,abusejf.very handsome women, with a vivacious and gracefubearnest/^—•The Chicago Times announces that, at tl\e solicitation,of umnynUlueiitial, Democrats of IHinoiu,1, Convention is tb'erefore,clanged from the 13tb of Xvaa\ till tbe'rijb day of July, 1860, at the same hour .and place aslieretofore(designated. Thiis the nominatioa of "Honest Old Abe'"has made 0necessary for th«uDemocrats of Illinois to lay np foWepairs" afready. —On Tnesday night the Repu blicana of Seneca Falls held a ratificatfbn meeting, and although it was en-ihiatus in a peculiar and good-humored way. He called c. w.'w. the people a mob—they culled him a rowdy. Tbe f mob' had the best of it, both then and at the electionfWar), Thos. L. Harris, and a host of others. Several\ " ' Ye»,' continued Lincobi, ' so affectionate was my friend's regard forthis'compromiseline,that when TexaswasadmittedintotheUnion,anditwasfound' b enumberof persons c www.fultonhistory.comnta 