 2. ^ . Th«v,X1 _ , —. in» j will be answerable ftp the continuance of Italy'sand degradation.I aisured yen ia say last letter that Russia would1. ,i, *^/j""O.H- in.to^essedinterest,anditotoccetafol{Bttato»m;allextra Mhavebeenpatasideonions until better times, and the gate stow Arahabs and eunuchs has almost disappeared. Tto latter seem ctooonsotetf," *ad 4eel that tbelr occupation te nearly gone. In fine, the Sultan Is setting an excellentM *^au* 0t peace. Tbey 17. «•»_»j,.^. _,__. ._„*»(.•«(» 1a* watr.h** with increased IM»«»I »•»• .T»~ • consummation, at a moment now perhaps act very re-mote, will be bailed with general joy. fspoken of j We have not yet received full particulars of Garibaldi'swhi'e| l r - proclaims pet^Kiprates laxgc-y M '"• ^•f peace, * P**I»** • * « * " • • * ^m^umm aenter into so coalition against France I repeatthe assurance, the more so as the new siitan-e betweenAustria and Russia ts now announced by the London gr od accord betwlit hiso'° the entry into the city of Naples, and the style of receptionpeople at accorded to him; but we know well enough what It was example of frugality and economy, which te conformed towrar aune remijar troops, aommanded by one of the red u£ nmrUnett of thefireddockand Pasenham school.FARM, Sept.14,1S0O. 'Parit the Pivot of Bwofe—Poltrtcal 67o*ripo/tA« Day—GarthnMK'sffucceiset—flteirInfluenceUponthe i»wMtc perate reform are about to beput to afinaltest. The Pacha continues to send news of hto active Mind of Prussia— The Puling Between Auttria and Bms- public opinion of the world has bee a brought to bear operations In Syria, where, by tbe latest accounts, he badLouis Nepeiepa„ ^ ^Befltttalkstndtrr' certain, that tto ilasistrn «• • » "•"• ^amMtkJ T S B i - f t - Vienna, reportta, a P « * * " - " • J rime* oi. de Rothschild's organ). Year readers will bear•MBW, » M a e n * TM - * " "Z*Tt> Mud reason, that it waa a ^ " " — t eeat forth in spite of that alliance, entered Into on aoreuut ef Hanaow than htofeeenthe case for a ceatory. Private diesessiocs have been cast aside, aad several persons, againstoanooattea of tha Roioicontempt but to this the Sultan said "No." Be then despatches for my own peculiar use. Where all areenergetic and rigorous life, has exercised all its power toin lluence the Papacy to adopt a liberal policy, to renounceforeign alliances and embrace the national cause. But allthis effort, put forth with so much zeal and sincerity,while it has bad its due effect to tefluenee and win overthe Italian people, has made no impression upon Rome.Neither to entreaty from its own people, nor to pressurefrom without, has it yielded, or will it yield, a single oneof the much needed changes. It has preferred to relyupon force rather than moral influences, for its securityand the preservation of its power; and nsw tbat all othermeans have failed, it is about to be confronted by thoseas foes who have striven to be its friends, and armed among themselves there need be no alarm or fear fromkicked up a great loss, becauae some tradesmen, countryseen of hie, did not get a certain government contract.Be the* out himself in communication with the Saltan'stoother, heir apparent to the ttootoe-a ****** tWa-ttaa of ail etlqnetto and rate, and, altogether, the Ambas-sador seems to be getting deeply in the mire and dragwmw his aatto* along with him. Mo one. probably,•« straining on the start"—where governments are watch- ing with unspeakable eagerness each shade of a shadow of the tarn of events, and calling Into exercise the cost- liest machinery at their disposal, hu, is a bold Americancorrespondent who " keeps bis letter open till the lastm r amend «r Henry Bolwer of being a man atouch above mediocrity-, ha only merit moment," te order that he may give the United States the compass or a few weeks, possibly ef a few days. Thewitt military weapons, since such are the weapons which tbe prelacy elects to useIt is highly probable tbat within forty cirht hours Rome and the Italian kingdom will be in a state of war. The great camp which has been forming for the past tonthe followers of the Muftis. No wonder that the Mos- lems entertain such an abhorrence of Christianity. They see it in its worst forms. W/etched churches, Intempe- rate priests, ignorant or everything that is good ia their owe foith, setting tae worst example to their parishion- ers for love of bakkl aad wine, card playing and ef athe accidental fact of hia being brother to a highlypopular cngllsh novelist. He became noted In Washing-ton, a few jears ago, for some very silly speeches, andfat leaving the place very suddenly while large*- la debtto various tradesmen; little matters that he has quite for-the benefit of his own special despatch from Palermo, Naples and Bey rout. Lettera of this kind unfortunately retrace their way back again to Europe, and it is amusing sometimes to read the ingenious transposition of theAustrians have taken the alarm, and are preparing te de- fend the relics of their dominion in the peninsula to the last extremity; besides the army of occupation that has been stationed there since the truce of Villafranca.lour entire corps have been mobilized, the railways art en- cumbered with the transport of artillery and munifons of war, and to secure the doubtful allegiance of the lua- garians in this emergency, the most extensive concesstins bare been offered them by the Imperial government. The reconciliation of Austria and Russia, so ofteej announced and as often contradicted, appears a*, lengtlt to have been a Jail accompli, and a coalition betweea tbe three Eastern Powers, tbe bases of which were agreed on at Toplltz, is about to be signed and sealed at Warsaw- Europe is evidently on the eve of a gigantic struggle, in which the principles of divine right and the^overelfuty of the Pope will once more be opposed to each other, anl which must decide the fate of the Continent for the next generation. For, although Louis Napoleon ostensibly de- clines all responsibility for the acts of the Italian patriots, although be professes to disapprove of the conduct of Sar-•at to liquidate to this day. When will his utterly begotcharacter become patent to my Lord Pahnerstoa and tbe words of a despatch that, in its authenticity, mmt havedays, between Arezzo and Rimini, has already swslled to- morality which to worse by far than polygamy. murmuring without a mature plan or deliberate aim, be-members of her Majesty's goveru-nent?a. Iklkiag of ambassadors, aonstderable talk has been cre- ated beie touching the mission of Mr. Lindsay, M. P., who has gone to tbe United States, determined to ast, at least on hia own behalf, and that of some shipowners, tofound its way to America In the ordinary course, and to see broad statements of the loosest reports, which expe- rience hasflatlycontradicted, put forward as secret in- formation privately communicated from an Intimatea force of considerable magnitude, and it is said that itwill be carried up to 70,000 men. When this army takesthe field It will be under the command of the King. Thetime and the direction of its movements will be governedby the reply given to the note said to have been addressedby Count Cavour to Antcnelii, tbe Cardinal Secretary ofBute. If tbe nature tf this note Is what is reported, the Eden; or Christ, the spirit of God and tbe prophet, who Im- First Minister of Victor Emaauel has exhibited his cha-gins now to show tome symptom of action. Carriages, filled with young men bearing aloft tbe Italianflag,tto tri-color with tbe cross of Savoy, are driving forioaiy ap and down Toledo, amid deafening shouts of Vita Guntal- dt: and I am told it to dangerous to pass before that na- tional standard without doffing one's hat.•tolainsomereciprocity from the United States in thematter of Dae national coasting tra-le. Free trade is a friend of the English Premier, &e, clenched with theThey have not improved since the time of the Prophet, whose Divine mtotton was against Paganism and de- graded Christianity. They see their churches adorned with miserable pictures of tto Deity in the Garden ofgrand thJig, no doubt, bat so long as you want to hold your own in the trade to California and the South, keep trace in your own hands, rather than let It go to the of the world. So soon as a British ship can leavevast <*.-pool or Loadea, leaded with British goods, load andLfverpan load at New York, and reload there fur California orstrong injunction « to put that la your pipe, and remem- ber It was I who gave it you."Living at Paris, the great pivot on which the most ex- citing events of the day revolve, and among persons who, while they receive the earliest Information, are able to formashrewdguess at the direction whichaffairs are likely to take, a correspondent, without indulging iaracter istic boldness. Tbe Count asks nothing less from the Roman authority than that the mercenary forces which Lemoricieie has gathered shall be at once dismiss- ed, or mach redactd, on tbe plea that such an army is a standing menace to the peace and good kllowshlp of the neighboring provinces. If the request Is not complied wito. the Piedmontese troops will at once occupy the Marches and Umbria.THE TWO FABTIB8 TN ITALY.The Comitate dell'Ordine, a set or moderate patriots, belonging to the intelligent and honorable classes, haveNewOrleans,Jnstsosoonwillyouthrowinto the handsef taw ship-owning nation a most profitable branchat the carrying trade. They have the steam,•sail and panmagsr traHie across the Atlantic these playful fancies, may be very useful to a distant •aw almost entirely in tbelr own hands, and let themMeanwhile, half a dozen or more towns Just over thesent s deputation of eighty distinguished persons ts tto General at Salermo to invite him to enter their town, while the so called Comitate d-Azione e d'Unita, made up of out and out revolutionists, have long since endeavored to bend tbe mind of tbe Dictator to their views. For here, as te Sicily, tto country to split into two hostile factions, consisting of the partisans of Immediate annex-smve the cotton trade and the Call'omia trade—as they new hawe that te-toMa, CkJem, AaatraHa and South Ame-public in imparting political gossip, which, while It doeshave sent deputations to the King, asking him to accepttheir allegiance and give them protection. Urblno—No American traveller in this part of the East can beotherwise tban impressed witt the vsst superiority of theon the other, of tbe so-called thorough Uflttartens,wtoheve set their heart against ad diplomatic considerations, aad are determined to conquer and unite all Italy by the mere force oT popular revolution, regardless ef the war tbelr schememayinvolvethemin with tto French atRome, and tto Austrians at Venice. Tto former party, which was represented in Sicily by La Farina, aad had to head in Turin in the Cavour Cabinet, numbers here among its leaders those Neapolitan exiks just returned from forte and Florence—D'Ayote, Pisaneln, Belleiu, Bella, Spaven-ta, Lcopaidi, kc —who are wedded to what are called Piedmontese ideas. The latter boasts at tto head Doctor, now General Bertani, the fitter out of Garibaldi's expedi- tions, and is led in Naples by Riociardi, Agrceti, Lixru-i and other las distinguished individuals incl.ned to demo- cratic if not republican notions, and who now repudiate MazzinI. though they once belonged to his association, aad, to a great extent, still there his views.These two factions profess to have a common aias—the imen or unity of Italy under Victor Emaauel of Savoy; but the moderates wish to attain their object by such progressive means aa seem to them practicable; aad as tbey advised the immediate annexation of Sicily te tbe North Italian kingdom soon after Garibaldi's entrance Inte Palermo, so they now think, after the deliverance ot Naples, no Celay should occur in the uni» of the wholecutbern to tbe northern kingdOfu The revolutionists,n the otter hand, though they act tn tto nam« of Victor rroamiel, and intend to crown him as sovereign of the whole peninsula, prefer to keep their conquests ta a pro-it ion ai state, to govern them by dictate- s or pro dista- ors of their own choice, til ensh time aa tto whole talian territory may he utterly free; when tbe repre entatives of the whole nation, meeting In tbe natural. tertal Italian metropolis (Rome), sha 1, by the free coa- ent of all, proceed to tbe coronation of their monarchelect.The real theoretical point at tone between these par- ties is subordinate to their respective notions of what seems te tbem practicable or possible: but a grea deal of passion and prejudice, of personal ambition and interest, mingles witt their feelings, anl gives rise to mutual grievances and bitter recriminations. Bertani and his revolutionist friends, elated by tbe astoaodiog success of Garibaldi, reproach Cavour and his Cabinet with their little faith in thefortuneand abilitv of that great leader; tbey charge them with thwarting tae hero of Varese la his projected attack open the Marches and Umbria at Cattolica last autumn, an attack by which tbe emeacipa tion of southern Italy would have been anticipated by a whole twelvemonth; they accuse them of remtesasas te aiding Garibaldi's scheme at the time of his tending in Sioly, and during the whole of the now to happily terminating campaign in tbe island aad the mainland; tbey feel tare tbat the success waiting upon Garibaldi In bis struggle against the Bourbon will equally be faithful to bim against Lamoriciere, aed even against tbe separate or combined forces of Austria aad France They contend that the Italian nation can wia its own, can recover Rome and Venice te spite of tbe op- position of all the Powers in Europe; for the Powers arenot travel upon sources of information patent to all, is Ilkmiamisunnsbetweenyouarenot equal,and you ean- Itianotrequiredofhimthatcoursers,withpantingsidesamd ap to hone trieks, performed the feat, when the greatanJ magnanimous showman declined to down with therhino. What made the case particularly aggravating was,that the boy, a very popular one in Dumfries—Williamt)uin by name—won tbe same prise in the same way, ofthe same parties last year, sad—to use a term known toJeckles—was bilked by them in the same manner. A rowensued, benches were broken, tbe manager cleared outto avoid payment, when the boy, assisted by his com-rades, seized the mala and took htm home, at theaaaae time pitching one of the circus hands into Cialdini's (tbe Sardinian General) movements. On the the deep and classic Nith. Possession being nineagainst Louts Napoleon, a war with France would ba titremely unpopular, especially if undertaken in conjonc Hon with Austria and Russia. Such a league recalls too forcibly tbe traditions of the Holy Alliance to be viewed without uneasiness, and although the official organs of government keep repeating usque ad nauseau, that far from having ac untoward effect upon the Internal policy of Prussia, tbe example of this country would serve to urge Austria forward In the path of reform which she baa jist entered upon. The public place very little laith in such assurance*, being aware from experience tba. a connection between Austria and Prussia invariably tends to increase the influence of the formtr and to diminish that of the latter. And besides, tbe progress of reform in Prussia herself has not been so wonderfully great as to juttify her In set- ting up for a model to other nations, and In the turmoil of war it is very likely to be stoppel altogether, or torhim. Fund Pacta win, it is believed, know how to transact hto own business without their aid.The Greek government, acting in concert with the Czar, has tried again to foment difficulties ia Candta, and sent proclamations aad the portrait or General Katugyfarts ef tbe tew, Howes st Cashing handed over part of France an important reinforcement to the RomanYesterday the harbor was gay withflags,and last nighttbe city was brilliant with thousands of lights. Garibaldi just now, any disposition to revolt against the Saltan in is in Naples. Oa the 7tt test- the King departed to Gaeta, the Island. The plan of Greece la to set It In a stir, and,tbe money, obtained their animal and waken up this garrison has been despatched, as you will see, and inmerningto find themselves famous, or rather Infamous, every respect the plot may be said to thicken.as Garibaldi entered the city. He was received with the when the tumult is stuied, to have it endowed with cer-toy a fa.thful record in the limes, />st<'y Telegraph, and thepapers of the largest Influence and circulation in the king-A significant feature in the opening of the drama is a letter which appears this morning in the all but officialwildest enthusiasm. He has taken possession of the go vernment, and now is styled "Dictator of the Two Sici-tain privileges under the guarantee of another Power, from which the next phase would be annexation toGreece.dom. Tbe show basness, Messrs. Howes & Catalogagents, except those of England and France, accompanied asdicofFotsombrmebythePapal Troop*—VictorEnanutl'tprovisional authorities that he should not be prevented from " walking about."Now it is impossible to help suspecting that a damningand by her own tale found sympathy aud favor with thehandsome Mshemed Kibrisli Bey (now Pacha). Exiledto Broosa, te Konich, she found favor with a Mullah, and,It Is said, is living at exemplary lire with her thirdhusband. Since his return from London, Kibrisli i'acbahas filled soma offices, serving Cessodaa Pacha as Min-ister of Marine during the visit of the Saltan to theUnited States frigate Wabash, which, a few years ago,caused so much stir here, and excited so stronly theire or Lord Stratford de Redcliffo. He is of an h3- bowed: that the Sicilian and Calabrtaa expeditions were nesty and probity that have never been tarnished, and will aided by tbem underhand by all means which tbe law ofAMras to Hit Troop*—Italian Unity Bit Ambition—TheWar Fmtr—Th* EntenU CordiaU Between Frame and simply as a private individual, expressed a hope to thetoe has ordered bis troops to take possession of those pro- Ttsces.Victor Emanuel has issued to his troops the followingproclamation:—Saldiera'—You eater the Marches and Umbrit to restoreworld in bis hands, and it is worse than useless to indulge In speculation.A little episode will show tbe run-mad state of men's minds here. About two weeks ago, the steamer Orwell,civil order In desolated towns. to give the people liberty to express their own wishes. Yon hare not to fight .pow- erful armies, but only to deliver unhappy Italian province! *•<•» the presence of companies of foreign advemu-II Garibaldi is not stopped by Victor Emanuel, the gene- ral opinion Is that he will manfully play out the game of Ctemr out tfullat. Frieads of his, who thoronghly underHand bis character, say that he will boldly ara-ueto Messina to be sold anl delivered to Garibaldi. The evening before she was to have sailed, whilst the captain was on shore, some Garibaidiacs who had taken passage for Messina aboard put the crew in Irons, compelled the engineer to raise steam, and went out of the harbor.cording to the usages of the Montenegrins, devoted him- self to bring about the death or tbe Prince, and lately, having found a fitting opportunity, shot him dead In the mountains. The Prince's son, quite a youth,has succeed- ed him as the Governor of the petty republic.number, If not all, embrase extreme, uneomproaiis- tog views, and I have also no doubt that their prin- c i p l e are virtually adopted by ttcir adventurous leader huntelf. Two deputies from the Committee of Or- der, Dr. Tommasi and Professor Pivia, both personalZTZ l L ^ VEEL*?* *ssi^^toto^^{^^Srs?rsi anothersuccessorofSt Peter? WeknowthereisaBonathe Orwell, who made his escape from the steamer at Monte Cristo. He says that two Italians, Pelotti and Se tembrtai, were the ringleaders, that they refused any food to the passengers not belonging to their party, not< pposition to tbe Italian cause would raise against btm ts France; he spoke of Count Cavour in no measured terms, and, in fact, showed to what extent Doctor, now Jensral i ertani bad inoculated him with his own views Tommasi and Pivia came back from their mission thorough j dis- pirited.Nor do the loudest complaints of the moderate party merely turn upon metiers ot abstract principles. In Na-if s, as in Sicily, the appointment or pro-dictators and ther rnler or the provinces has fallen, and falls, on men f whom tto moderates speak In the very worst term*.Unacquainted with persons, they say. Garibaldi promotes Bertani's creatures only, ana the country falls into the bands of men equally destitute of intelligence and charac-W , d parte betosgtaq to tbe Sacred College, and why should not s S w ^ a m w a a « ^ t S K ? . ^ "****' *blch hit bi.ad be and the Papacy together take ap a permanent abode at Avignon., The Emperor has just been to visit theEngliih Princess, a sister of the Duke of Cambridsje. who is said to possess considerable influence over hsr husband and by whom he has an only son and heir. The house or Mecklenburg is one of the most ancient in Germany tbeyIt was thought that the object of these men In making tbe coup of the capture of the Orwell was to go to Naples and cut out and capture a Neapolitan frigate; bat it does not appear that they made any attempt of the kind.It is said that in the view of the penury of tbe govern- ment, Mehemed Kibrisli Pacha has been destined to a mission to England and France, te the hope of making there a new loan.I Mi -#*!S*J:~ woe,,edpalace, and seems perfectly content with it.Iabeuid net-be doing j«mtiee to my vocation,asyoarimpartial correspondent, did I not notice some symptoms of a reactionary icstlmest te favor of the rejected Neapoli- tan King, glnee bM proclamation, wherein are the words "a war, both unjust and contrary to the law of nations, haa attacked my States, aiUw.ogb I was at peace at tbe time with all the Powers of Europe," bat bona datsmi- naied, it m cartons to hear of away daciaimera against Neapolitantymanybeingsaddeniyeoertocidoftbetruth •J*jMsa» |»e«,t*»*.. It w tree, they say, that tbe goverumimt•saT^amm^aena^S ,tb# U ^ « £ • * • Marat, and * 'n Mat this moment passing before our eyes withm actors aad objects to heroic and noble as to win oar in- his sane ion to all the measures proposed by the Supreme"•prese^tog^Gureps from tbe oantinjal danger, of revot!Tea will understand that Victor Emacsel is m earnest and that the straggle between progress, civilization sad liberal government against tyranny and superstition has' fairly commenced How it win end time atone can Austria will, I fear, at once ibtorvene. Should •he do so s general conflict becomes inevitable, sad the blood stained soil of Italy will again be Ji eucbet with g<=r«. Let us hope that PrcTideoee will aid tbepatpie,sad that France, with tor newecfal arm, wW protect n^yoursetebaera' laatfatarto, te. Now, this view *f ahem agtinst their mighty enemy. No one can tell accfembltioa. Yea! Ibav.sk.*of restor m* the principles of moral order m ltalv a » ? ^yet bow the Emperor Napoleon will act. All Europe at watching b j movrsaeats. Stould to again send an armyits assistance, and when its hand is stretched forth to serve the widow and the orphan, it seeks not to know by what blow, what dispensation of Providence, these have been reduced to poverty. Sufficient is It to know that the hand of God has been there, among the people of his once beloved land of Palestine, and that their blood calls out frcm the ground, not for revenge, but for bread and clothing, food aad raiment, for those who have been de- prived of both by tto ruthless evils of fanaticism and vio- lence. Give it, therefore, for tbe love of Christ, and the land of His birth, sunerlng and death; and IT there be a merit te good works. He may. in tto tow of your own misfortune aad departure for the more lovely aad pros- perous tend which he bss for you, remember you, your Widow and jour orphan, ia mercy.di\ ision will prove far ten serious than either of the hos- tile factions represent them. Tto faith of the whole country, both te the King and Garibaldi, is untluues; it is not to be shaken; aad if Victor Emanuel could be inspired to come to Naples without delay, taking care fo leave Count Cavor behind him, or even taking into hi* Council for Naples Rattaazt and some of those members or the opposition whose h<«tiitty to Cavour is tf so long date, aad admits, perhaps, of future reconciliation, nodoubt but events would proceed without any irreparable breach between honest patriots of aU patries.Ibis has been tto most eventful and the mow. marvel- lous day in the recent history of the Two Sicilies, and 1 I eaa scarcely realize what I have witnessed. Every one * wagon ttoftlart in |heMntegaj to £<.FF°t1 # Ptcents, and, for the sake of consistency, the Emperor withdrew bis Minister, bat no one for a moment supposes here that Victor Emaauel is or has been doing anything but such as a previous programme—perhaps not graven la marble—perfectly justified. It is thought that the revolt of the town of Fcesombrone, and i u summary suppres- sion by the Pontifical troops, rather hastened GeneralCraiitl JRunttnarton at Genoa in Honor of GanbaldXs En- there to try and keep up a ferment among the Greeks. trance into Naj/Us— triumphal March from Beggio to This is well known to the British government, and It haa .V • its— Enthusiasm of the PeopU—lhe Attitude of Aus- a seventy four gun ship stationed off the island. It hasNEW YOBK T . ^ w n u T . 8EPTm.BBt.28, ^.-TRIPLE SHEET.l by all of hit atmisteTf aad public functionaries. There te a InmintthatmanymonthssincetheCkrontcfe,ofLondon, •»acbaajnuonocture. BytU --"L^T^L^-m^&»}rJeSrb*a*l&in£a*Z•. before we readtbeextendedaccounts. ThatovergToen betterfeeling among the principalmen of thecapitaldmiwmoto this alliance, which was then so strenuously contradicted by all parties except those most concerned, Austria passing over the anocuneement in silence Bat ,vol. AU toe gary and Poland, Russia w,U do nothing whereby *tv j uila toae of might endanger her good relations with Frasoe.as well mentioa that the J f t o s s T W ' ^ " , , . ^ , , ^l B .and turbulent capital has exchanged a chief—'.be most absolute, inilexlble aad cruel which can be tralnc :1 in the school of. despotism—for one among the most generousThe foOewmg M a reUMbto account <£ tot tsgonwoUat ts shaped In the Papal rtsmtotrms?—whom there has feeea an entente amongst tto Tbe Monitew of this morning b u t long letter from and heroic whish this age has produced. Garibaldi, as ministers, have been placed to stations of lmportoaceChina, te which it dilates anon the perfect accord between soon as he baa reduced to organization, under his own aad responsibility. The family of tto tote illu*and wito tta_»iBf <« The movement commenced at Pesaro, ss\l four krandred cittern*, drove out tot troop* of General to Laaftriciere.tbe French anl EagUsh armies in that distant quarter of the worW, and then tea Sentence which looks very like an interpolation, adds:—"Thus, while the world is full of the complicated Interest of the two greatest nations !•better system, tbe confused materials which have come into his hands, will be at liberty to a c r e towards tbe Abruzzi to effect a union with the army of Piedmont, now holding out Its hand to him, across tto Barrow neck of Papal territory near the Adriatic sea. This junction,trtous steteamaa of this cooatry, Rederjhid Pacha, end Mia* of Mustepha Pacta, of the tetoad of Caadte, both very wealthy, tare been taken again into favor. The eldest son of tbe latter, Very Pacta, formerly ambassador to Paris, has been named Governor General of Adrtenople. AU of the troopa about tto capital, anwunttog to someto tbe London Timet ]TBI AFrnOACB TO TBI CITT.We remained at La Cava long enough to saoertate thai the 12,000 men gathered together at Nocera were about to rates their camp, that the foreign troops refused toW»rs there a food understaadteg between Austria aha Thai was the signal for • struggle in en the Marries. At tbe world, they are here practically exhibiting an almostBUM* r rm:-ce would '>e without a strong ally, aad the Montefeltro, tjrblao sad several eeher places, the insur unprecedented harmony and cordiality."prtj#p. a t uf peace would be tarengtbeaed. Suco. a« un- rectionary standard was raised amjtot cries tar Italy and The accounts of the French te Syria are somewhat der*ifu.d:afmaytoebroughtaboutyet,eedFran*VictorstosmaeLThechiefoftontomnrrecttonisPrincepiquant."Itiaextraordinary,"itissaid,"thedreades>whichistbepolicyofPiedmont,onceeffected,itmaybofight, and that the work of dtootottoa was as coneieto about the capital aa it tod been te the provtecet, when we rede tank to Salerno, and a little before six o'clockrtorrrnsi-i. bat no calculations can toe made Ssmenetu, a largo landowner, and the meat highly re- t.a.r.-tamed b,y the Mahoma,toas; elT t h e , * J .^ n—otw£ i£tlv1•tto the tutors uitll IOBM farther novea on the Italian spected ysttosmwa in the Mtmiias. He has for some Ftacding their bravadoes in presence of considered that the conquest of too Roman Power will be60,000, are kept constantly ander drill, aad thus out ofetowbuerd, of which just BOWGaribaldi seems to be the time past rttMed at Bologna, where to was chosen t<ans. They bare an idea that the French only want an more than half achieved, Tbe door of Ancona—the most mischief. Nothing Is heard b it the sound of the drum we Joined a kmg train of carriages on their way to meetMoiV-i-y The nates haa togon iu creak of warning, not deputy at the test elections. A* soon as the agitation opportunity to burst Into their harems and carry off their important for Austria—as an entrance Into Italy, afterGaribaldi. The General had kfLApJetta te the morning- he tad halted at Eboli, where, apprised of the real stave or things by our,despatches, and by tbose of General Tra- polli, wto came* to Salerno several beers after as, be prepared to make hto entrance Into the town We came into Salerno la a cloud of dust, sueh aa Southern Italy alone can boast at tto close of tto foofth month of cloudlets drmgat, aad made our way into the palace ef tto Inusdenxa, fightingoarwaythroughafranticcrowdwhichthsvery bayonets of tbe National Hoards were unable te keep back- We again left Salerno for La Cava soon after wit- nessing that tumultuous scene, with a mind to proceed to Naples the same Bight But wc found it nore conve- nient to rest for a few hours at Ia Gave, anl travelled to the capital by the early train of tto Vtetri aad Naples Railway, for, such haa been the progressive character of this Neapolitan campaign that Garibaldi aad his officers walked through the first stages; they rode as soon as tbey woa saddle horses: took to private eerriegea when their chargers were knocked up: then hastened their speed by posting, aad finally ended their march byAt every stepk as we alvanoed from eaa toanother of the frequent stations of this stewettto allow hit tees*to»ttoB of success to carry him tenenu w «—. - »i«t Austria. The dotti- swnb, to eoaaa tow "—*- iBKDoftheHamburg*lathecabbagea«««jJ"» 7l!S?commenced te his own coantry, he thought it his wives and daughters. Not a female is allowed by them to and the daily discharge of blank cartridges. The Minis-duty to jolt in It, and he immediately hastened appear in the bazaars, or to leave her house oa any pre- Venice, will be dosed or te the keeping of the Italians. ter of War, Bite Pacta, a man of coaBiderabto militaryintethemids; ofthe people,who,ifleft to themselves,wuold perhare have given to their movement a charactertav arat ifToT Lionel de Rotbaonild, the Aastrten Baroa. of disorder aad of violeaee, which his authority alone entrance to some of the small lanes leading to their quar-tlaanctai field BUdjpec* estate, the pocket boroogb, theflitaactolfield_»<*P«»-tencewhatever. TheyhaveevengonesofarintheirpreIt wiU be dlffloult for Austria,despitetheestablisheddoctrine of nonintervention, to keep out of the struggleadministrative qriallJcationa, to ap early and late la ttodisctarge of hto duties. He it the Saltan's favorite, andcautions as to make sttong doors crossed with Iron at theaid h» confrere* In race, ittigtoa and ''j-Bnce.'' Of will prewwt Umbria has already followed the example ters, in a word to barricade themselves or rather their for the possession of Umbria sad the Marches, which is has more tonueace with aim than aay ether person, fromIf GatlbaUi thoald to toead wnektag on that <ef the Matches. These two countries declare themselves women." now impending. She to now Introducing her soldiers te the fact that he twice saved hto life, t e. ,onoe wtoo thebe win be warned •C; li'»Jdi"t,fiw«** te be bowedtogetherby aeommanity of suffering and ofi A curious history of the coinage of France is given, by^einsurrection^CmbrmfUatmanknadvance. tent an amy into the hopes. "*-~ ""~"TM <*Hmbriafirstmanifesteditself which,sincetbeFirstrepublic,it appears thattheEm- thousands Into thesmalltownsalongthecoast,northof late Suite*.,llahmoud H.,Inafitofangeraadintoxica-.ha King of flardinta — _Marches—Papal States-en* a eolltoton la deity expected between h'» troop* and Leinoriciere. ioult Napotooa dees not like taw ooarsenveeta are toktaf. and the enow- bell he started on the other aide of the Alpa a year ageat C¥rteto, which is at oalr ***Z*TM±J!SXJ£lZ tbe Tuscan frontier of Piedmont The plebiscite in Sfcliy bad been fixed for tbe Lett Inst. *""'»*£?£ Garibaldi bss sent counter orders to the pro DlcUtoriDe- pretis, who naturally dares not resist. Gartbaldt statesperor Napoleon has nearly doubled the amount coined by Louis Philippe in something tola than half hia reign; his amount being 3,757.860,1176 francs, while Louis Philippe's, tbe largest otherwise on the catalogue, is 1,072,851,113 francs.Ancona. What sort of a stand Francis II. will to able to make In bis position of Gaeta, we shall, undoubtedly, in a few days see.The friends of Austria and the old order ol things, tetion, ordered him, hto too, to be drowned to a garden reservoir, from which Rita Pacha, then Riza Bey and a chamberlain of tbe palace, withdrew him ia time to pre- vent drowning; and secondly, when a year or so ago be discovered the conspiracy which had been formed againatbe lads will be larger than to desires- t nere .seems Tory that his inisei*n will only terminate at Borne and VcaJce. unttoeat onager St a ooiWn. totwecr Victor Emtneel He is desiroui of availing himself of the resources whichTbe Bourse is terribly dull. The uncertain state of af- view of the course affairs are taking, are nearly over- fairs consequent on events in Italy is a check to ail specu-U 4 Ansulaon the aerth, and with the Pope and the the Mngdoin of the Two Sicilies furnishes to attain that lation. The three per cetta yesterday were at 691.809., to whelmed with mingled indignation and despair. The Co- the Sultan by tome officers of the army.Freneh in Interior IteSy. The Italians certainly * » to object, which, he says, he could aever accomplish 11 the treat danger of being nwindled ont of all th.y hare fato- ansexitioB took place immediately, for all liberty of ac-•d by the tator and feoina of UsribaMi. 1 tiex would then be interdicted to him lnhosnepoUtkJB»e«re<iuleV »«c*mpai« toChjna la my next Ishall have most Important information tolower point than they have recently touched.dinl gnaw their tails te their rage, but they are impo-tent for mischief. The day of severest trial for the mill • Troops are still being seat dowa to Syria, where tary hierarchy of Rome has come at length, and its powers some 20,000 are aow stationed. There areaVaea not get aloat rery fast,tootin New Zealand the oolo- convey no doubt. •brtahawmetwttbabadrepulseby a aarageohlelUlnOur Berlin Correspondence.B»u», Sept. 12, 186*. of continued resistance to reasonable progress and tem- 20,000 at Beyroat and 8,000 at Aleppo. FuadFunds—Warlike Preparations, dc , rfc.While the Prtsslans arc playing at soldiers, and the Prince Regent is expressing hta satisfaction with th4bo- havior of his troops and their commanders at the "gland manoeuvres," events in Italy are progressing atajtete which threatens to supersede these mimic feats bylthe stern realities of actual warfare. The brilliant successesof Garibaldi, the downfall of the Neapolitan Bourbjpns, and the insurrections breaking out simultaneously in various parts of the Papal territory, seem to promise the vexed question of Italian unity a more rapid solution fhan was anticpated, and to bring the prospect of an attack apoa Venetia, the crowning explott of the great filibuster, wMhtapeople. The journalism of tbat portion of the countryfreed from despotic rule, sad where it has grown into might be otherwise. Tto Ottoman soldiers have provedfaithful and loyal to their sovereign aad the officers la command, and it is not feared tbat there would to any further outbreak. In the meantime a royalfirmanhas been issued to the Governors General or Diarbeklr, Khan- poor, Erseroum, Toeat, SivasJ&c in Asia Minor, oom- manding them to see that there be no negligence shown in checking aay disposition oa the part of either Mussul- man or Christian to attack the other, which violence was not to be apprehended, for the Mussulmans there are not so inimical to the Christian population as they are to their own co-religionists—t. «., Catholic, Greek or Protes- tant. So long as these pseedo Christians keep the peaceglorious as the place which gave birth to the greatestrica—and where will your shipowners ba? Tbe fact is, often of a nature to show the future loclitati m of events. dinia In assuming tbe initiative against Austria, tbe force painter or the world—has been first among the revolted Mussulman imaum over the Christian priest—the hoaeatsaM reciprocate OJequitable tormt.The right honorable J. W. Wilsm, the superintendente( the oaanclal depertim-ut of the Indian government, of cholera, at Calcutta, just before the departure of the hist mail, and Sir Hear* Ward, Governor of Bombay,and breathless horsemen, should throng his doorway as his hurried goose quill darkens his hasty sheet, nor thai the electric wire should do that for him which despotsofcircumstanceswillultimatelycompel himtoespousea cause which is, In reality, identified with bis own. It cannot escape the observation of so acute a politician tl;at in its Isst results a coalition formed for the maintenancetowns,andPisano,Pergola,Montefeltro aad otherplaces have followed. Lamoriciers has his soldiers already in motion, for the purpose of reducing them to subnotion. The Piedmontese soldiers stationed in the neighboring valleys will not look on and see-toe atrocities of Perugiafaceofthe"oldTurk,''andthesly,cringingdemeanorof the Greek and the Armenian, and tto fair manner te which they are treated by tto former. Deceived, misled, com promised by the Christian, the Mussulman in office is found to regard him as an inferior being tn point of prin- ciple, though not te the wisdom of the serpent. Such are my own impress<ons, and I have plea- sure in thus exposing tbem where I am sure the Mussulman wih be treated with impartiality and gain his due, irrespective of his religious tendency.Commissioners, as 1predicted in one oi my previous letters, have been sent by France, England, Austria and Russia, to join Fuad Pacha in Syria.also died atoutthe same time. The loss to India, ia the cannot command. The distance, the still imperfect of Austria's rule in Italy is essentially directed against repeated without flying to the succor of their distressed death of Mr. Wilson, is thought to be oeany irrepirable. postal communication outstripped even at the last mo- himself. A despot at home, he Is the totu- brothers.Mr. Wilson"s life and career has been a singular one. At ment by such telegraphic agency as the HSJULD, regard- ral representative and champion of the revo- the age of thirty-seven bo was a bankrupt tradesman-—All,nottoomuchcarried awaywith enthusiasm,con- templating the brilliant successes of the patriot cause, are constantly forced to ask the question, te this good work to be allowed to go on to its desired and legitimate end? Many a hitch it nas encountered, and many others, not to be avoided, it must experience. But is no violent, perhaps serious shock to come from abroad? Oitside, asrobbed and plundered and sucked to a famished skeleton toy the cormorant rule of tbe East India Company. He as* mod likely to tucoeea when to was removed by deUb, and not yet iifty jetrs of ageThe active anl ubiquitous Yankees have not shown erith particular brilliancy during the last few weeks inmany selfish interests to be served, aad so many badand mischievous passions iu play, that tae cause is ex-posed to all sorts of damage. Italy also has her factions,and even at a time when the destinies of tbe country, forperhaps a long futuie, are being shaped, and principlesof political iule established, which will have a vital in- attracted some attention. Hia mother la tbe authoress lluctcc upon the welfare of tbe people for generations, of the plaintive " Lament of an Irish Emigrant."there are tbose who strive with all their might 11 hinder Count Lndoif, Secretary of the Austrian legation andtoy, the wlaaer of the Derby, kept him oompaay. Howes at Ceahiag, proprietors of a great American circus, have get a very unenviable notoriety by a contemptible squab-the Emperor has withdrawn his Minister from Turin,leaving only a Charge d'Affaires. Of course this refers toGermany.ETC, in Prussia, the critical aspect of affairs causesnow acting as Charge d'Alfatrs, Is a fine y oung gentleman, of much character and capacity; and M. Nerikoff, one of tbe secretaries of tbe Russian Legation here, remarkableless of all cost, secures at the test European point of land, dispenses with all such showy quallocations, and bids us enact an humbler but, perhaps, hardly lees. Important rote.lution abroad, and If It is put down* by an alliance of legitimate mooarchs te Italy, the tenure by by which he holds his own throne will bo seriously me- naced As long as he continued on terras of decentor mechanic—a tatter— and he then turned hia attentionto)ournaHsm. wrote several successful pamphlets, ettab-BBbed the £•• n,niii newspaper, and in a few gears foundhimself a member of Parliament and Viae President ofthe Board of Trade. He waa sent out to India to resusci-tate and set up the seances of thai country, so long one almost dizzy. The King of Naples, la accordance r lt-nriship with Prussia, and of apparent Intimacy wit a well as wlttin, there are so many jealousies existing, soWe live in times when speculations on the future makeswith what long since I was able to tell you was the gen- eral anticipation here, has gone out of the back door of Naples while Garibaldi has entered it st the front. In fact, there was only an interval of six hours between tbebe Czar, be could afford to sink the character of poree'iutn that of the colleague and associate of kings; but nowbat both these Powers have gone over to the enemy, hew ill have no hoice but to fall back on bla original posi-Beclerck and ScliaeUer from fiance. Tbe former is the Consul General for Egypt, and the latter the private secret ary of the Emperor.•rent Britain. Mr. Ten Broeck ran Umpire for the St. two events; and I see that the MoniUur of this morning .ion, and to invoke tbe assistance of the revolutioaaryLeger, at DoccatUr, and came out—nowhere. Thormao- announces that, in presence of existing affairs at Naples, spirit that exists in Hungary, in Poland and even inor counround the counsels and the plana of the wisest men end tbe truest patriots of the country.Hardly a soldier of the regular army now remains inble at Dumfries, where they were performing. They tbe bold step taken by tbe Pledmontese In following up another panic on the Bourse, which chiefly affeetel •Oared a sovereign to any one who would ride a certainFlorence. The city is In the bands of the Municipal or for nothing to particular that I know of .though I do notOur Gemote Correspondence.GBXOA, Sept. 11,1680.mrale—one well trailed at rearing, kicking and throwing events at Naples and crossing the frontier. The semi- Austrian funds, but extended also to Prussian and Ma rider—and a boy. a youthful Rarey, Itviog in stables, Ctnstitutionnel had whispered some gentle monitory ac- oth«r securities. Notwithstanding the hatred feltotter provinces, msy yet be mobilized, if it should be gdoubt be will "play well his part." Russia will have demanded by any new agencies. enty other (secret) agents ia Syria, to "beat the bush 'treat anxiety and disarrangement. Yesterday there wasmight know, can be carried on in as honorable a n»inner Ctn±iiiutivHiul, giving an account of events at Naples, assume a retrograde direction Alreaiy tbe reorganizt lies." The Neapolitan tleet be has given in charge to Ihs Grand Vizier, H H Kibrisli Pacta, is still absentas any other,and, were not their equestrian career in thekingdom marred and disgraced by several acts quite asdishonorable, I would not pat this affair on record. IfAmericans doing business abroa 1 have no atlf respect nordesire for a giod reputation themselves, let them act soas not to disgrace tbelr country at the same time. A brace rjecnthusiaetic, than the reception of tbe two great events military chief, and not to tbe laws of the country. Thein Bosnia ana the province of Salonica, on a tour of exa-mination instigated by the complainta of Russia. He hasdone much good, aad acted with much honesty and candor. Bis career ts a singular one, though, indeed, notmore so tban that or many prominent men In theUnited States. He Is a graduate of a militaryschool oT France, where he had been sentas a jouth by the late Sultan. On his returnto Conttatlnople be entered the army, aad eervtd with-armies, dashing down tbe colors of their kingdom, rushed out much progress nnttl he attracted the attention of nothing without their people, aad tbe justice of theiref small beer pfaresotogsus from Broadway have com-menced a tour in the kingdom, but John Bull is too know-which at this moment are agitating all Europe to its centre. The King went out and tbe Dictator came in—coneequeocfB are appareat In the excesses committed by the soldiery In various parts of the kingdom, and which, tbcugb not without precedent under the previous system,Tbe march from Rcggio to Naples has been one of tri- umph. Cities opened to him their gates, and opposinging a cove to be caught In so shallow a trap. Tney haveand totally opposed to the enthusiastic narratives fur- aiahed to the I ondon journals. According to this, uothiug could possibly be more tame and noiseless, more entirelyAdmiral Persaao, of the Sardinian navy. His bulletins are headed "United Italy and Victor Emanuel.'' The late King's farewell to his people appears In the same paper with Garibaldi's first bulletin.cxbbited principally to empty benches in small provin- wila tout—nothing could be to little imposing. Whether have even become of almost daily occurrence. At loster-cial towns. The game, at a piece of itinerant mounve- It was that the Liberator was earlier thai was expected, bcrg a troop or nutans made a regular attackto join his ranks. And Naples itself, the city or the Bour- tbe late Grand Vizier, Redschid Pacha. His knowledge of cause and the uanscendent tenius of Garibaldi enlist all bon, at his approach, poured out to meet him, aad he was French and some English, line figure aad gentlemanly popular sympathies on their side. Bertani aad his escorted in by two hundred and fifty thousand people, demeanor, made hia fortune. Promoted to the ran* of friends, it would be vain to deny, possess the key to thewho shouted "Viva Garibaldi, viva Italia Una, viva Vtt- torio Emanuele."It now remains to reorganize the government and con- solidate and confirm the victories. Annexation will now take place socn. Tnus far good; but there will be com- plications and difficulties yet. Things have been drifting to a collision betwetn the troops of Victor Emanuel and those or the Pontifical States for some ton days.The official paper of Turin announces that to day tbe Sardinian troops will march into the States of the Church. I suppose this thing will be done with a perfect under- standing with France. If not there will be trouble, and Austria has threatened, it the Neapolitan kingdom on tbetoaaktem, is played out. oa a village, and took it by storm; in Westphalia and that the indifference which accompanied the roya* a similar scene was enacted, with tb« exception that tae Tbe annual musical festival at Worcester has just como exitflungits shadow on its antitype, but,according to thai inhabitants armed themselves with tUils and pitchforks,General, Redschid Pacha sent him Ambassador to London.While there bis wife, ex-Mrs. Miliengen, and a Greek,strangled an old eunuch in hia harem, and so conductedherself as to render his position at London an unpleasantone. Dr. Miliengen bad divorced this, his first wife, formisconduct, or, as it is called here, incompatibilite de they refer.to the unnecessary .harshness and indignity with amours. She was extremely handsome ana attract re,ear with great eclat, giving larger returns and drawing larrer and ences than on any former occasion.Tbe wheat harvest still continues, and favored with al- most uninterrupted good weather. The crop promises to toe nearly up to the average.Oar Perls Correspond race.Pams, Sept. 13,1860.and finally drove off the assailants, with no lncooeidcra ble lets in wounded and prisoners. At Gorlitz there was a fight in the streets betwet u the garrison and tbe towns !<ople, after which tbe Commandant de plac. Col Gor- don, issued an order of the day, ordering his men to cat down any one that Insulted them, and threatening to punish thoae that showed themselves remiss in doing *•». 1 have not heard that the gallant colonel has been reprimanded, and it must be supposed, therefore, tbat his conduct is approved of by his supe- riors. People remember, however, that a kindred spirit was manifested by tbe Prussian ofneers and soldiers pre vious to the battle of Jena, and are by no means sure that the intrepidity exhibited by these heroes against peace- able citizens is a guarantee for their, success In face of an armel enemy.Tbe Prince Regent left town for Strelltz early this mind or has been written to order. If the last surmise morning to attend at the f ineral of his nacle, ths Orand Duke of Mecklenburg, who died on the oik instant, ia the be correct, what is the motive/ Is it now that the royal eighty second year of his age. The deceased Urand Dukeimpediment to ulterior events is fairly removed, to bint was tbe oldest sovereign In Germany, having reigned upthat other pretenders nay be at least as acceptable to the wards of forty-four years. He was brother to the late Neapolitans as Victor Emanuel? Is the cloven foot of ijucen Louise of Prussia, whose memory is still cherishedheart of Garibaldi; tbey are almost exclusively round about him; they aggravate the feelirps or displeasure which that great and good man harbors against Cavorr; teey dwell on the heartless, unprincipled aacriflce made by that statesman or Garibatdi'a own native eUy.NK*;Neapolitan correspondent, not the slightest excitement pre-vsiled. Yes, there wss some, for when the Sardinian dra-peau was planted on the fort, and a salvo of artillery ac-companied tbe ceremony, tbe normal characteristic of tbeNeapolitans, fear, seized them in full force, and every onescudded to his house. We are told that all the diplomaticwhich tbe Minister treated the blunt soldier patriot in Parliament; tbey dwell upon the shortcomings of ths PieCmontese government, who cou'd have done to much asd did to little to aid the Ste'.!fan enterprise, aad coa- clue by limiting their allegiance to the person alone of the King honest man, repudiating any connection or good un- derstanding with hit present advisers.the King to Gaeta, and that M. Bornier, while remainingJctuna, efc.,«fc.The telegraph announces that the Papal forces hare at- tacked Fosaombrone, and that after overpowering the resistance of the inhabitants, the mercenaries of St. Pe- ter's successor committed the tame fearful massacres as si Perugia last year. General Claldini crossed Into the Papal dominions with a large Piedmontete corpt tfarmiei • • he heard of this outrage. 1 From Turin we hear the King bat received the deputations from theliberate Venice may be undertaken, and the new year Majesty has promised them aid and protection, and that most inscrutable man, who holds the destinies of the George III. and grandmother of Queen Victoria open upon an united kingdom of Italy.The moderates, of course, reply that te the matter of Nice Cavour waa acting uader the pressure of an irresis- tible necessity, to which all sensible patriots equallynarration of this kind is either the result of a jaundicedmainland be invaded by Garibaldi, she would at once do much for the sinking state of his country. These very nations allowed: and, indeed, that more oonld not haveby ber subjects, and nephew to Queen Charlotte of Eng- Marches and Umbria, and that at their solicitations his dynastic aspirations peeping out? We have, in fact, a land, otherwise called " Old Snuffy," the wife ofmarch through the Romatna to the assistance of Naples. traits have heretofore prevented his long continuance in Now Naples is in possession of Garibaldi, will Austria office, aad it ts said that the frankness with which hemarch to defend the Papal States, or wi I she await Gari- told tbe Sultan of bis evil coarse and its ruinous results baldi at Venice ? From all accounts she will not have to to the empire caused his Majesty to remove him, when wait long Before the end of autumn the campaign to he had first named him Grand Vizier a year ago. Hisbeen dote without incurriig an open war with Austria, and perhaps, also, with France, for which tbe cruntry was not prepared; and that the annexation of the Two Sicilies to North Italy, if it can be accomplished with the more or lera reluctant consent of Europe, ought to satisfy patriots for tbe present as a consummation which would allow the country to organize Itself; and in doe time sad under favorable circumstances empower it to put forth its further claims to Rome and Venetia.shonM find this world too much for him to give place tointo the provinces, I cannot see bow the public can carry on its traffic of every day life without some such a me- dium. The Sultan's debts and those of his harem I seeofrardbiand n. was abominable; bat when one coram to r ^ ^ 1 1 ' * ' 4 0 iKAase what argumeat Issatabiisbed w 7J" ^fwband lavaekw of Urn mmt df*mtol«s. Tbe •awMjmtmmitoastawtow*ff*id.thatwmatollnotretry, impoverished by misrule aad religious difiereaoea.The reign of Christ has certainly not aa yet commencedthere—the land of Hia nativity, the scene or His gloriousany popular commotion), and anticipate from this provi- sional state of things an aggravation rather than aa alle- viation of tbat anarchy which constituted the worst fea- ture of the despotic government now departed.new plans of vigilance and prevention. The Sultan gives Jato Baly, a coalition, with Eagtaad at to head, would at toT?tofjs5BWatem ' i"*"*"-**? ""W **• w**t and w r applause. It is a spectacle at ouct joyful Council of State, aad, it is said, has visited It several"*** * kmM' f*1 *° "*** ** hu>,,,,lttFi * deairss to wn.cn was w prevent any farther — " • „+ o». aad tstossto; It is that of a people which has been cast times incognito. Indeed, bis Imperial Majesty seems tofret mt oppressed pespts, to loudly ejtpramsd Is the Loa- i, will gtTS way to the stronger destrw ef; a feared rivaL Tbe Lmperor m w«u aware ofr e t o r t tffttace. Mow, wltosat fgetototogTto t £j & n i ^ t o s t o i t t e l f i r ilbeajq(*MHiFBItom Ufa JvftlBitfftU«ypi, y^itowa for eeaterto), under the humiliation of a foreign nrn, fkrtef frost to long slumbers, its thraldom and de-have awakened up from a long lethargic spell of haremthauaad*tOQ WBtmJ P4ftisalMI• fores him to lookto towtmiee. Ud moTlng oa to assume a place among Jttrte* stolem* tto sympathies of all liberal meads arcpart te astraggtettof'eoitherwise toa determination, Bis women are quite in despair, aad abhor tto very name of Drat aad Maronlte. Tto ex- paasej of the rojaj household haye bpyj rtfaoed. to ibejrwutton of the army by virtually eliminating the landwlir, a popular element, has introduced a principle unfavorable to tbe maintenance of civil liberty; the soldier is more and more separated from the citizen and taught to cou si<ier himself a superior being, only accountable to hisAlthough la bis younger days he had distinguished him-self by abolishing the last remnants of v Ulan age in Meek -linburg, he had since the revolution of 1848 displayed themast uncompromising hostility to liberal principle, andnowhere tn a I Germany bad the spirit of reaction beencarried to such an extent as in his diminutive posaassioos.The old estates, composed exclusively of the nobility, witha few delegates of the cities, were restored, the peasantrythat the mission he has undertaken ts not to be measured again subjected to the jurisdiction of their ulgneurt, Tbe fourth orfifthday out, they got short of provisi >ns. by ordinary eventualities, and that there Is nothins corporal punishment reintroduced, the press muzzled; in They landed at the Island of Monte Crista, celebrated bycame to Mehemed Pacha, and that of Kibrisli is from his name, place or Island of Cypress.Some two years ago Prince Danielo, of the petty pseudo republic or Montenegro (Kara Dagbi, caused the assassi- nation or one of the principal deputies of this 'place, thenunder his peculiar circumstances, more impossible in short, a regime was established which, though not so cruel Dumas, now principally owned "by an Eiglish gentle- of piastres, each sum four cents, now in circulation in the to Eboli and Salerno. Their mission was to beseech the jera.YouarenottoavengeanyInjuriesdonetomeorBorneandVenettethantoSicilyandNaples."IhaveaasthatofKingBombaandtheEleolorofHesseCassel—manbythenameofTaylor,robbedhishouseandgroundscapital.ItbelievesthattheruinousconditionoftheDictatorinttonameoftbeModeratestoproceedtothst e Italy, but simply to prevent popular hatred from break- host behind," be has been heard to say, "more formi- SL2^\«*!^^0P»reieors. Youaretitoaohbyyour dablethantenthousandrifledcannon. Whatisthegoodperhaps because It met with less opposition—was quiteas lawless and despotic in its character. Thousands oftbe inhabitants emigrated to seek beyond tho Atlantic arefuge from the annoyance of those petty tyrant j; theremainder suffered in silnece, with the stolid restgnatbapeculiar to the German race. A happier prospect is nowopened to these victims of oppression. Ibe oldest sonand successor of the late Grand Duke Is blind,toutIt ishoped, notwithstanding, that he will show more mentalperspicacity than his father, and replace the medhevat sys-tem under which bis subjects have so long groaned byinstitutions more In accordance with the spirit of the age only that, bat robbed them of their money and clothes. are down te fifty eight and fifty nine piastres per hundred. and the dictates of common sense. He is marrted to anI K « » P \ ~ 6 I * r d o B «f odeocea and Ch-istian toleration to s a m w n e compare tbe iove of our Italian country to Ls- a ^ r t T ^ .H !1* ** P?*" V* *" " » t^eat Powers, andof fortifications when the garrison is against its own guns;'' A notion la gaining ground that France will counsel the Pope's withdrawal to Avignon, in presence of the d ji.cultits that encompass him. Popes have, ere this te critical circsmatances, taken to their beds and " slowlyLast week, the English fleet having been advised of the circumstance, the Orwell was taken possession of by them in Sicilian waters, and the filibusters will be pretty apt to receive condign punishment at the hands of John Bull. I learn these facts from an English passenger oaimmediate annexation of Naples and Sicily to tbe North Italian State. Garibaldi received the messengers witt his wonted courtesy and affability, tot he developed views totally at variance witt those of their party. He ex- pressedtheutmostconfidence Intheentiresuecettoftad whole scheme; felt sure that Napoleon himself could actl T O r d d*M>Pe« from tbe cen died." What if tbe poor old Father of the Churchwatched with increased interest,with all its force upon the Court of Rome, to influence it, already arrested more than 1,600 persons. The tending of railway line*, we fell te with tto splinterssirlEryBulwer,tbeBrltlahAmbasaadoratConstan- TktItalianhnhrf&io-TheOpewteo«/teaQrtat tia—TKeQuestionofItalianUnityApproachingtit*Iu- oftheFrenchtroopshadalreadybeeneffectedatBay-ofttoarokeareadaponwhichtrraanyhastinople has sot into sad disgrace,, from which he win •rrer recorer wUHe at that court. Diplomatic iater- h M u has become so common at the forte-, that the S r ^ . t T t o a hardly been atrie to call Wi tori, mind, beaacience, palace or wives hia own, so fully have they ra in the keeping of diplomatic heaves of the StratfordIkdctflft, ttownp or silly pedants like Sir H. Bolwor. Ba demands of the Saltan that a oertata Pacha should be itomiHei t the only crime that he was guilty of, It seems, van the holding the said English baronet U very greatDrama—Garibaldi Not to be Checkmated—Deprmion in t\eFundt,4c ,d:,I will not imitate a habit or certain correspondentsfrom our side the Atlantic, which seems to be received with more Indulgence than I should have anticipated on yours, and pretend to give you intelligence from Naples, and even Syria, provided by special messengers andif possible, to yield to the moderate demands of the Italiantion—Panic on One Berlin Bourse—Decline in Austrian root, without dntorder. though it was apprehended itfor so many years propped itself At every station we found swarms of dtebanded, sullen, dn heartened soldiers. We taw them by bandreds aad thoataadt quitting tto vast barracks aad tae forts with which tto whole or this blest Campania and the smiling bay was lined. Tto King toft ia tto afternoon at four o'clock, and embarking to a Spanish frigate, with all the treasures he could smuggle away, ten, at we are told betoken himself to Gaeta, ordering his a m y to followbim. and leaving behind him a protest, by which to inti- mates that, although compelled to quit his metropolis,he lully Intends to prolong the struggle oat of i t The troops are following to tto best of their spaed and incli- nation, with their materiel, bat the disorganization is complete, and it Is doubtful whether tbey will muster it sufficient numbers and te such tolerable spirits at to enable tbem to make a stand even behind the walto of Gaeta, All the usual posts la tto town ate in tto meanwhile still occupied by them, though the Na- tional Guard, everywhere mustering, marching, mar abating, are preparing t» take upon themselves the charge of the place aad tbe maintenance of order. The town, which, ever since the promalgatloa of the constitution, had been placed beyond tbe control of tto public force, but which as yet ten only beta fretting sadmediately preceded their own; of saints, whose lives littlecommended their sanctity; and they well know that teprivate life these Christians are far below their own dailystandard of honesty aad probity. Let Cartetteaity con-vince itself to tbe mind or the Moslem, aad there wouldsoon be a better state or reeling existing between tbe fol-lowers of tbe reformer of the Arabian world aad the be-lievers In tbe divinity of Christ; for until sach be tto caseborder have declared their independence of Rome, and the tetter mast always remain deprivtd of their respect. ation. or expediency and compromise oa tbe one sde, sod,National Guard; a part of which, in Tuscany, as in thetria—The Pillage of the Castte of Monte Cruto, efc . «Bc.long been supposed that, under certain contingencies, this island might be worth the attention of the British government, and that In its bands, France would hold Egypt to some disadvantage. There is not, I believe,Lord Dufferln from England. He is a flee young Irish nobleman, whose cruise In a yacht, a few years ago,My long familiarity with most or Garibaldi's oS- belonging to an English company, was about proceeding on a visit to tbe capital. A brother of the deceased, ac- cers inclines me to think that by far tae greatestof everything eatable, killed hia cattle and wantonly de- stroyed what they could not take away.finances of Austria and Russia is due to the unlimitedamount of paper money u-sued by them. To effect this,it Is telling off the dirires (uachers j or the provinces to va-riona speculators in advance for I860, and directing ther<suits to this purpose. There is no doubt tbat the evilef an unlimited paper currency, wholly unredeemable, isa great public calamity, and cannot be too soon arrested; itaad both against Italy and the unpopularity wasca bfs but, ss this has driven all or the specie out of the capitalIt is to be hoped that John Bull will hang them, as tbeyare tbe descendants of a Sclavonic chieftain, whowas con- deserve, to prevent any future attempt disgraceful to the tbe relief of tbe poor sufferers of Syria The Saltanquered and converted to Christianity by Henry the Lion and are the only family of pure Sclavonic ortgia tfeat stilixists among the reigning dynasties of Europe.Our Florence Correspondence*F u **»«, Sept. H, i860.Prmptct for an United Italy-Enthusia<m of the People- Policy of Vktor Emanuel and Garibaldi-Obstinacy ofglorious cause of Italian freedom by buccaneering adven- turers.has given largely for the tame purpose, and all the officers have subscribed to a collection for the same purpose.P<Uiar Currmt ** " W<*» before?* ! ^ t ^« w / i » t - ^ : 5 , , 0 ? t b y »otrtate«itea«»f •saspMti***, We are the near witnesses of great events. A procea- The Ottoman government is actively carrying out itslite to the stern realities or his position, aad great hopes eey, tohteg once more Into its own hands the control of are being entertained of his continuance in so requisiteWr».aWvMIJr»irrtlr^l«|Ttto Of ttojrUntitled Documentisfasttravelling.Omr Constantinople Correspondence. CoxsTAsraopxi, Sept. 1, 1860.InitedStates. Syriaisatbeatapoorandthriftlesscoun- ''thedregstothesurface"(asifthatcouldbeavoidedtacareer, tbat or the enunciation or those pure principles of Economy in the Royal Houtehold—Tht Imperial Cabinet—Isimplystatethepositionanddispositionofthesepar- ties, shrieking from the responsibility of giving an opinion ri«^HJSro^?Hl«^or,f>»*"*Utm«**••*»toUttt,ts,« /t-ltoCtotteeatotPowrsontkeVerge(fWar,••**?d5o.tomanGovernmentRecallingtitPaperCurrency,dc.beyondthecausesofthemiserywhichloudlycallsforastotheirrespectivemerits.IdobelievetheevilsofMovitnentt of TurJdtk Troops—Affairs in Syria—the Ot-The Ottoman government is still endeavoring to collect friends of Ganbadi, were sent oat yesterday te greet in alt or Its paper currency, to the amount or 150,000,000 bim, and met him at Auletta, whence they followed bimCollections are being made here and in Smyrna forI was delighted to-day to receive tbe Hmuu> of tbe29th of August; thirteen days from New York to Genoa of these sufferers to my American countrymen in tto ter. Tbey complain that the revolution is only bring! lgI cannot too strongly recommend the present conditionlove,philanthropyaddhumanitywhich,underHisgospel,are superior to all other booka True benevolence goes Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 