 U a-.is to set up an independent government in oppositioncxpie-hiug bis opinions may op?n the eyes of his fellow citizens apparel. Their appearance was pitiful, and in some Baron X—^r—, who described himself as a law can already read, write, and ride."made by Gen. Nye, Stewart L. Woodford, and others.pamziCity on Thursday evening last, declines the nomina- arrived at St, Helena, the captain applied to the Gov day? For, look—the evidence is before you. The heads and a tail, eyes at the-back of each head, and tion. A meeting will be called at an early day to make•rm., twvdwelftiarVNnew, handaoino*h«-<i. «<s*b>ln for t%«ppjv M? t •,: ,Nx302gxtrndsrar.CXSSIV&M.yroa» Tk* Loubp&t Journal-hearts fit thirty millions tfi> Americans.1<The ba&e ofthe 29th day of March will never be forgotten in the themselves,; and. whatever may':have bees f ormerJy annalslof 1his nation! .„ .. r the case, the feeling is now one of good-will and sym-•*>.$'<!'•iiiid *tcj<jd o o r * « n 3 ; o ( ,kitecoirLaker,forral, and withia «. saw <W<h-afaed aad MfctaW: ; i t * hTTTllthiiVlliimathree-atory-aad- »: >op+. o* tha avtctaaca <Wx*4 f<*>«, lot* lee b u t a a l l * ! atMKMC, aSkd 01*. T b i * U d»Mr*-»*» ,,.,,• ra»ttux*d ia to*Mud. laqiira on tW:>th-av., K. EL muuful sad ia««iac)tlt>ne load* tax* aad a-- nrorea.aul i*» <*CVMftj v-iis ofadmissdaa. 1A, ' <*-,froontto•»p.na.*&» KotfSKs,©m> oino orova««M txi«r-bxately illustrated work, asnouscedby Meessr. Long-ma n , a n d n e a r l y c o m p l e t e d , t h e " ' " H i s t o r y o f ' o u r L ' o r j i s o n f i n a t f o s s t o W s i a ^ i s a b s u r d . W ei f l W . T h e s a m e w r i t e r , h o w e v e r , d i s p a r a g e s t h e B r i t i s haristocracyingeneral. "Tolookatourpeersnow you and,o^his Precursor,:'SC.]Johnfie^Bapt^t, jwjtli'the axeconfideh^fh^tiiatgenttem^ '"?whiohmyownbloodhas,fromthebegmoingofthe visitthePresidentoftheUnitedStagesatWashington, mfuBions,especially^frbmthehiaaiufactnaringelement, herprintedlecturesos>i&Sistersof•CharityatHomeand nowholds,isrgratuitous.]'ThereisbutoneofficeistheS:!i-. art (.! H»»oa SJSalaa wThe clipper-ship Great Tasmania arrived at Liver-women, and children. 80 that the Committee have ".Yosng Men's Republican Union," held at their haad- pool from Calcutta on Thursday, March 15.. Sho had usurer,,and carried on boti>.with considerable success. tures of the piece, and was obliged to take to his bed; not marked with any considerable enthusiasm, andB. Ttn»tUiUln -nn TKjninj <rfblended the two professions of Jille dc marbre and sprained his ankle in the leap which is one of the fea^L>N, o»tee- (i(«miaec;LE eOUtfTKY- •« rark aad iUaJMix u o i t 1>tp'9+n4< a t *x-ch, ;naui, p»«r.[p id atmr cttft *.*..*- \i ;u.iu*h«d. VafcuMaU> • aor««, faUy,«t4kek«4 *Uu*i>l«»oowaj ifana Ail to be s*fa», If «•>• iK.-uoit t»£ar>p»| W-u -.it* coutury i» E. H. LUDLOW,not the show of authority, three-fourths of the countyhaving absolutely refused, amid threats of intimidat'.onon the part of the movers, to sanction their illegal ac-mcnls.ing deterred by the enormous expense from transfer-some of scurvy, others of dysentery. When the ship histrionic art itself is called into exercise on the holy each hand, and six toes on each foot. It had three emor, and a small quantity of provisions and water, operation begins; the razor is applied. Bit by bit the. N o3fia<M*_the radical doctrine that " there is no law forSiaVery" as revolutionaryested pbi'anthropic, and patriotic motiva of the lion. Cassius W. Clay, in his efforts to promote the honor and prosperity of his na ive State, do sympathize with him in his present difficulties," Many of them lay upon the deck, and otters, for- tunate enough to have been provided with hammocks,o^« ar» U» fe-ot ic >at,suad»«di*iid sbntbtovry. «ri» new, ropi&ce-.e-e, lx>x rtntJi n «r«i TtriB aad »J«to«HoUiU FoagMmn»rta> 5. —Eight in all re-NIW, atmated la \it><©»- t>r<Muii«rsy.lor SAX^ — Tia» e'.\A Btoadir%j, aaaf.b 19 j«*rV anoKpanjdt '.'r»«» baltdfn£rax« alt ha|cui ere of T. J. S A W -M Y for 8 A L B o r JK •>oa DCaastoa-aqaaxevg. . rr.aro<-ut*I Tra«a •<" •L; uraa«9d, la i a t i s - », -.tid, caou4»a«ar ta* aary. T'hie aUooaazaWill b« ioldar CK- ^sjitj _ AJf*.ja p«n;. JEWJSTP , ITaaca-l\t,£ CO.—AreryCK. con»i*tinjt of tkzaa cu learning eight raoaaa, a &$a gtoaa4v«a»«t •«* Uc« low ' Price * i J«0.Icr.to the eacisting government and laws, the two neces-r—When one of tbe many detachments was paradingand cheering in the Piazza Maggiore of Bologna, a land County met at New City and elected Aaron L.A^B.-—One of t h f »*e, aeax Cia*«aaaii.a i :-. pi quantkie* of toou !.f" d mifl of w«i« aaaV uxoaforit. . Apply ta>o.6l <V»a-«t-tJt.Y.—JLOXS foe S A L E r.JJ-OO, Nortk 2d aad top>toiOiLSa JACK-k»« .v-Yoxk- :_Tand were republished in The LcnnivUU Journal and son and successor never visited either Scotland or dertaking to provide the stores. A lot of old stores " While the be'ls of our churches are pealing their other Kentucky papers. Again, when the movement Ireland until he had ascended the throne, at the age of 1j ing a*. Fort Wilitem, Calcutta, considered unfit for welcome to the bouse of prayer, while thousands of—At the Charter election in Schenectady on Toes-1—On Tuesday night, in Albany, Mr. John Niblock day, Benjamin F . Potter, Republican, was electedLOOMS, Clinton Hafl •ioadfway,-* torga ataok of ic-r aitd soconU-kaaa, at 1lor aire if ptttcaaaed. .tr-mg, graQd-jaotHav ai -irp*wod in arr^etna—, V .raated lortarjw yaaavtained, I went, on Friday last, to the house of Alex-another nomination.LE CTURE ON AD UL TERA TED LIQ UOR S.?jfe itK-a to-tooir-aow Soala>»t «fd<Kion. DPIANO,FLrwoa'*with Hanson, but to ask him to sell his mill, and movefrom the State, as his presence would be a continaal make American travel popular by. his intended visit tocause a fashion, dating from a licentious period, has attacbed a false idea of uncleanliness to haft upon themouth and chin. And to gratify this false taste, this conversation. The Emperor at one .moment abused ture; it was produced in all grapes which dropped whe arbitrary whim, hours of valuable time must be wast-a_NO-ffOBXJNapoleon, found himself drawn in for a long political College. He said that alcohol was a product of na*ri-.;, 6 aad g^-oewvo Raw i'teaoa *id MutudeoaaT. & rfii&a if. roidwoy, cox. Wraa *-*t-eccuzred . i s . I returned again through Berea, en- forced with a parting word the same advice, and was leaving "for home, when Mr. Hanson hallooed, Ithemselves."An official investigation was at once commenced,—Mr. Norman Wiard's Ice-Boat Lady Franklin— which is to navigate all frozen rivers a lirtle more glibly than if they were fluid to the surface—passed through Pittsburgh on the 4th host, on her way to theother phrases made use of this: " A s to England, she has behaved shamefully to me, but she always spoils whatever Bhe touches,''Oooa l^dt*oaa to.N". 43&jfeiuliaing, corner t ^ a a * ^ano-Forto Maani»* :a ftoe aaaortooeut of o n * ^e-t wteK Ba^b Pl*«» w'-eed; three ytaxa.|>NS atOBfiAT BABr-iaao, boea w»od ahoo* • •ct»ve, prioo * « » . *^f* S^* i^rt*130jou»«t flW; 25k h«n tia«lodeooa as **>* * ^PIANOS.terat*, » toUas owaaMMtao'ar*,Uoioa, we refoo^o ta«* .lerteacefor oa«J7 jear^o*]v-i^lr <toaUlj auf darabiW*1 ^ii. dluUUAff ACow, .i l . & i N s O H i C o . , ' B t Xa, NluHOLS A Co^ UKuLON, HO XT it ^ >-*£ptt FOOLO?*Co.„ 1VISON A PH era.a/Broadway.oe, '-octaTeaPXANO-1 M«*od«woaat;ooa<v'.W^856Broadway^aeaT »»»,.... ——-.-i .1 •.- .-—*«i o»p«4'-.y, w *a**& re t»at to e»0»ed la Tao ^ BWarr « W par m»t aalaxte*^iTiagname,r&4&faiV:ENT ^ ftioninpublicsentiment::Notiringbat^bisuntiringen-ergy and forcible and elbqwsuteappealte,'directediu amasterly manneragainstthe citadelof the enemy, couldRamblesinCanada>,"thelatterworksheregardedas havechanged,tiieopinionsofOYeronethousandvoters: ationsassemblesatNew-Orleansonthe11thinst. Dr.peculiarly a record of ner own social views and con- who iiow frateinize jwith; tie. Natiosal Democracy." J. Xi, MpCoun, James. Edj?Hadnett,.esq,^ Mr. W. B.«i * i a foo.through: the United States and some **ooa- tion^wits. the; people would sot be lost labor. Of a kind and courteous recepttos the son of Quees Victoria may be very sure. The interest o AniwicanslBttie descendants of the former rulwr or—Jefferson, Second Dietri it, has elected B."F. Hodg- kis and D. J. Wager Delegates to the Chicago Con- vention.victions. In 1842 she published the " Hasd-Book to the Public Galleries of Art is and near London," which was the first of a series of artistic works of subsequentGbodr—A correspondest of The Journal of Commerce saysthat Mr. Breckinridge is decidedly the choice of the peo-Holmes, and the Rev. Mr. Nash have been appointed delegates from the Young Men's Christian Association of New-York City.i*^&&-?.•• -^*w~r • •. • j t a ^ e i * 'S S C O N D - H A * LSI*.would make a common cause, w e would woods, and defend ourselves to the death.take totheBro-dway,illIII ElI Ma m jgIII•it«..bnefcHon. FernandoWoodinejectionwitheitherof'tft*\*\ f'f»•tion. But, waiving all these considerations, I do notfear to plead to you on the merits of my cause. If it Whereat, W e have been adviaad that. onr much-esteemed Bixty and seventy of whose companions had died on as Madlle. Leveque levied from 50 to 150 per cent, she to the Sergeant-at-Arms, a silver tea-set; to the Door- —On Long Island, in the town of Southold, thef—Minm H—iimi itivmm ••p—.a—*—... m'yz.*J& {KM r»*J to *$«;••$}.«,?**» 5 r*Virt **ay^.'iSt4^«>.N*r,""<»«^«*«.^4»''(w.tfvvw«T«>^.»«i»,*'«'^^rwmwwwHw,gwiwWj*WWMW<iwmCLAY'S APPEAL.theircountryi ssecond onlyto that ofEt^nslnnenTER&0NAL;&» friend* have nutated on my avoiding any pretensefor a conflict, I yield to their wishes, and mike this-written appe-iL In the fit st place, I, as a free citizenof a Constitutional Commonwealth, mos* solemnly pro-test against any power on earth but the legal and regu-I stand by the Republican party everywhere; I stand —a progress not less wonderful than their commercial by the liberties which 1 inherited from our fathers, and prosperity. If the Prince of Walej. should lurtherRoundheads, and that' there was never a Cavalier interest in all soitiai and moral questions, as shown~in : do amongvthegrandfathersofoneofthem. The recent nomineeforBdnwoWandlugherplace^thanthathe*""m.larly constituted authorities of my country to decide in desire to place before the world as the'ground ofany manner upon my " hf«> liberty, or property." I re- my faith and of my action. / shall in no way what-gard, all impartial men will regard, him as the wor jt ever recognise or submit to any Revolutionary Com-MARINEAFFAIRS.tion, of the condition of her own sex, of out crioiinal much gpod scDse to suppose for a moment that it iaenemy of true liberty who acquiescee in any aaurpation, on the part of any man or set of men, of the sover-mittee. At my country's call 1 have freely rteked my life in her defense; two years in exile from my home and family; nine months in a foreign prison; ready at. j MISSING VESSEL.Fears axe entertained for the 'safety 'of the packetseeing that a noble lord who traces his pedigree directto the Bruce of Bannockburn might enter into compe-lawsiand reformatory institutions. 'At the meeting of the Association for the Promotion of .Social Science, atwithin hisreach at this time,' or may be for many years to come."friend, the Bon. Caa»iua M. Clay, ia now be'ng grossly assailed wasacrimetoresistthewillandactionofthisrevolu- b>theadvocrtcsofSlaveryintbeStateofKentucky,•withthethe passage. More than 300 were suffering from scurvy or dysentery, and of these about 140 were in such a state that, had the arrival of the ship been de-wasprosecutedunderthathead. Thenamesofthe keepers,Bilverwareofvariouskinds,andtothemem- wholeRepublicantieket,exceptingonlytheOverseertionary movement, I have not done even that, exceptevident intent of exp«iling hiru from the home of the Clays, or depriving him of his lite, because he has had tbe boldness to «x- pr»Ms lm op'uion*—a rigftt guaranteed to every citizen by thewitnetses for the prosecution are unfortunately not given—tbe French law papers having great delicacyber who perpetually moved the "previous question," a butter-knife.—The Prince Imperial of France, having been born an the 16th of Marchj 1856, on Saturday, March 17, 1860,'he entered bis fifth year. Qalignani's Messen-of the Poor, was elected. on Tuesday. Southampton elected the entire Opposition. Riverhead elected the Republican ticket by 177 majority. •—The Republicans of Norwalk, Conn., celebratedtheir victory on Wednesday evening, by a routingby the high moral power of an earnest protest, refus-ing to join bv force of arms in a common defease wim Constitution of the United States—therefore, be itlayed much longer, tbeir death was inevitable. The on that score. Nevertheless, though their name is not.1heard thatJ. &. Banson, one of the exiles, had re- ring their households frequently to Northumberland orander McWilliams, where we talked the matter over,and we coincided in opinion, as We always had done,that our friends should; separate their fo* tones alto-gether from Hanson and his party. On Sat xrday,with.John H. Rowlings, I went to Berea, and thereused all my influence to persuade my Repablicanfriends not to identify themselves ai all in any mannerlather disappears; and after sundry winces and wry three pairs of horns. The account adds that the child faces, and twittings and contortions, this serio-comic was, according to custom, buried alive, aud that thesource of discontent, and might possibly involve the Republicans in a conflict, when innocent men mightbeiil'ed. IslayedallnightwithWilliamCanada.. For. the firtt time sine the discovery ofAmerica, an heir apparent to the British crown is tocrosstheAt'ahtic,andinhischaracterasthefutureruler of this Empire, receive the respects of one of itsmost flourishing provinces. Other Princes have visitedthe Western World in military or naval capacities.The father of her present.Majesty held high commandthere. But the unity of the Empire and the status ofBritish North America as a great allied province,and not. a mere dependent " plantation," willfor the first time berecognized when Albert, Prince ofWales, sets foot on its shores. The Governor-General•,in opening the Canadian Parliament, announced the ap- letter from the Governor-General of India, in whicheverybody and everything with which he had been thsy were ripe. Wine had been much thought of i calledupontocomeintocontactlatterly,andamong dayspast,fromNoahtoChrist.Iuancienttimesther:L<Xverytowforoaaa.-Jk Sapp, where the same views were uttered andwas nothing bat wine; up to. the fourteenth centar there was no distillation; all the names of alcohol wer > praising. Alcohol was Arabic for " The Liquor." Th • Latin for it was aqua vita, water of life, aud eau de%& «o;» s, stopped, and Mr. RawPngs introduced him to me. He asked me what was the public feeling toward him 1 Ilooking into the cause of this mortality. The followingextracts from the testimony show -pretty clearly the Upper Mississippi. Though Lake Pepin is open, her—The N. O. Delta says that a well-known planter vie was the French name for brandy. Wbiaky was , living in Louisiana, and possessing wealth, recently iskebogha, Irish for water of life,—a word sometimeswent to tbe city in Bearch of amusement, and directly spelled usquebaugh. Mr, Seely explained briefly thes orWJ3.T PIANOS.ST -odway.) - v » rriaw Medal*fbrtaa to paat3»y«ara,a U ' f W I O R *A M M O N I U M S , rk•» sad Loagoa,&.VT. L&:. Co.1* MELOI>*- b«W aad valoaolo taapaoio ~^ctoa, aew,and aow*^aedif purchased- ».X>RB O R 0 A NW AX. ^ ^Ju '•er*»l£xbibitlom BUIOJ tB/tao UnitedOJ-.aaaceaH!'''' riivl/c. WBLLIS,> u k Europe ka* a 6oapo«era ot bothle'>Mt»d for tae •oU.Attjgjj fur it« fatoaaa and po<«e ah « quality of keepiag ••>0, $W0, *1SS, *2W, • * • y •:ddres*. oa'appttcati** *U K , No. 2U» tfrondwajf^ ' > F 0 E T i i S . — J % >K »0«» PiaNO COX** rti-s aad PxinoaF«Ur» Pateatooaad_______. *Co.** GRAND *» |Ln>waa»tao be«*. P t f » 2replied that I would speak frankly with him, that I was, as he well knew, opposed to his political princi- ples, and could not stand by him in any way, but that my personal feelings were kind toward him. I had sot talked with the committee, but I had spoken to some in their confidence, and that the feeling of bitter- ness against him was greater than ever on aceoant of his return, I was told; and I hoped that he would leave the Scats for his own safety, as well as to avoid the possible fight between my friends and the committee, because of his presence. He remarked that he had ibxu,d no fault with me; that srery one must stand en his own convictions, and that "every dog has hisday."Btate of affaiis on beard the vessel:" Mr. Lawford, Solicitor to the Indian Office, jead aon Wolf River. Their failure to make her for usemode of making the different liquors pure, and ex-Taking leave of him, I went to Kingston, where Istayed all ntght with W&itt Moody. While tiwre, H*r present Majesty's accession to the throne foand' Gunner John Worth, of the Bengal Horse Artillery,was the first witness examined. He said he came Court to set aside the verdict. riage three times.. This coyness the unjucoessfal manin alcohol it was acetic. There was also sulphuric acid in wines, in the form of sulphate of potash. Casks were fumigated with sulphur, producing sul-Messrs. Boaddus and Newland came in to see me, waen I expressed the same vie ws. 1 sent for Geo. W . Mau- pin, an old hunting companion, to spend the night with us, andto-naveaniendlytalkaboutthewholematter, as I knew he was one of the Committee, and had acted the part of a peaceoiaker when Tony was at- tacked in the raid to Berea, as I was told. I then ex- plained to Mr. Maupin, in the presence of Mr. S . Newland and Whttt aloody, my whole position, as he had not read my Frankfort speech. I told hi n that he was one of a Revolutionary Committee; thatT should not interfere with their action if they confined them- selves to the expulsion of the " Radicals;'' but that if the Commit-ee attacked the Republicans on account of principles, that -we would defend ourselves to the last; and that in such defense I would shoot him, Reuben Monday, TsrrilJ, or any other one of the Committee w h o aided and abetted any assassination of any one of my party; that I was for peace; that I told our friends at Berea. that whoever stood is defense of Han- ton, would do so at his own risk, and, we would not stand by Mm ? but that if they cleared themselves of Hanson, and were attacked in theirown right, tbat wethe. Canadians dseply discontented, and, as is nowadmitted, not without caufee. Insurrection followed,blood was hhed, and oar evil wishers all overthe world raised their raven croak, as usual.on the inevitable "dismemberment of the BritishEmpire. Bui the folly of seventy years beforewas not to be repeated; justice was preferred as.a remedy to the employment of Hessians, and thepolicy of conciliation produced not only quiet, batloyalty. Since those menacing days the prosperity of fit to drink. -The biscuits were bard, rxusty, moldy,This, men of Madison, is my whole connsction with the Radicals at Berea; all the time against their doc- trines; all the time for the peace and the safety of the community. 'On Monday sight I staid with my sister Smith. On Tuesday, hearing that the excitement was mostly against me, as*d that I was thought to have dictated the letter of Hanson to Judge Field with a view to bring about a war, I made my remarks at the Court- House to dear the popular mind of all misapprehen-sions. The falsehood of the whole allegation is appa- rent, when you will see by the letter to Judge .Field that it is dated on the 134bMist.—two weeks ago—when I had neither seen nor known Hanson, nor been at Bwea since my Northers tour, and therefore could notbeen traiiung bie right leg all the previous day. and had officers, and lived in secret for some time iu the Dismal armed his foot with a heavy cowhide boot, with soles Swamp. Jealousy, caused by the intimacy of hissumption of undue power by England. But as long as nosaibly have sad any intercourse with him whatever. the mother country rules with kindness and moderationpain. The merchant stooped and calmly inquired: than was ever paid to any actor, actress, or vocalist, bad teen a farmer eat a Cayenne pepper stronger"Why don't you take the stakes 1" "What have than the Guinea pepper. The peculiar flavor of Irish if he would appear for one night at his theater in fight- whisky was owing to the employment of a turf fire"you got in the baecment of your pafita?" cried Nedl ing costume, with his belt and cups; but that Sayers for distilling, and of the Scotch to the use of peat. -It " Milwaukee bricks;" shouted the merchant, " and we would be idle to use peat now, when two or threeNow tarns out just as I expected, from what Mr.Newton said in Richmond last Wednesday, in the tbe feuds of Slavery, or throw in their lot with a peo-« *feraepJaoa.it wa» aot brooffct aboot over ILauwn, bat ove be so ill understood by a mere flying tourist. America5Jameson, the lateVice-'Chancelloi^of Canada, whom >Ntibs says tiiatall persons hoithat city are; surprised at reply by a Cincinnati paper: *Mr. SEEL T said that the-she survived six years.-Her. Hterary labors<iom-: thegreatreduotiosoftheRepnsllcanmajorityin Con- etoryaboutstryebnuein whiskywas ridhulous; halt, a gram of strychnii e would make a gallon of water;"Jt^'HcUl&dV;& && 10nl <Mr'« JfciTW» as**..hmA m&% m ustaii dahSMf.«iiW .««*uoe^.#i8^? •.®tiSm IJylXWI 'IT TOJ,' SOi «T*t«e of Madi«<m are about to meet in Biehnumd again on like Wild beasts, till the last o&e falls by superior whether it be JNew-York, in its ambitious and span- »«xt Monday, to take into conaVdera'-ion who are to be force; [ but their cause is the cause of Ameri- new splendor, or its more qiuiet rivals. There is much proacribed,andhavingunderstoodthatIonlyescaped canhberty,andofthenoblestinatinctsofhuman tobelearnedfromafewweeksofsuchtravel—moreKttoUtd, That the " "foung Men's Republican Union" of thethe exiles. My reasons for this are tuese: I regarded City and County of New-York, fully appreciating the disinter- Liverpool Albion says:given, their rank is mentioned. Thus we find a Vis- count de S r, who borrowed 16,000f., for which heEroaching visit, and the satisfaction • of all classes as since been loudly expressed. The people of the North American Colonies are prepared to receive the Prfcce of Wales with every demonstration of regard. Not only as a tribute to his station as the future head of ihe greatest commonwealth in the world, but as the representative of a rule which ha* conferred immense benefits on the provinces, the Canadian people will give him welcome. For twenty years the progress of the North American Coloiaies has oeen such as to sur- pass even the rapid growth of the neighboring States.visited the museum of Signor Vannucbi. A giantess,Lord Canning said that in consequence of the great before the close of the late Winter is a sore disappoint- Miss Sarah Morehouse, was exhibiting herself at that plained the chemical composition of alcohoL The differ-reign of Victoria has seen what may bo called a nation crow up on the banks of the St. Lawrence and Lake Ontario. T h e population of the provinces has more than doubled, and their wealth has increased in a far Greater proportion. Wise negotiations have brokenown the commercial barriers between them and the Un.ted States, and allowed the creation of a most thriving trade. British catital7 instead of seeking in- vestment among decaying Spaniards or faithless Orien- tals, has been able to develop the resources of a poor pi5 which is one with oar own. The country is now traversed by railways; the most astonishing engineer- ing work 01 the age has been constructed within its territory by the genius of Stephenson; steamers of great speed and capacity are' built for the direct ser- vice of the colonies, and everything promises that tiie prosperity which is to; come will be as perma- nent as . great. Nor have the Canadians failed to appreciate their political advantages. Uudor the protection of the United Kingdom they have be- come a nation without any of the burdens and perils of nationality. Like men standing on the shore while ships are battling with the waves, they are able to look on the struggles which convulse the neighboring Union. ThatCanada is anxious for admission into the sisterhood of American Republics is an assertion that the most reckless orator would hardly now make. The people of the provinces are independent enough intheir way, and would, no doabt, fiercely resent any as-water was black and sometimes ru^ty. The suet ' stunk.' He was promised a free .passage to England, but was obliged to pull ropes, ballas; the ship, pump wateT, scrub the sides of the vessel, aud in fact, act theon tbe day before the municipal election in that city. The bet was between a Water-street merchant and Ned Osborne of the Tremout Houee, the largest cigartaken with a dislocated shoulder to a hospital, while she returned to the museum; but her .nerves were so much shattered that an operatic apology was made, inthe Canadians ate not likely to mix themselves up witharn't within a mile of Springer^street yet." Osborne refused because his backers and friends think he mightsubsided, paid the champagne, and has bees wearing a be arrested by the Police, and if thus apprehended by. mon whisky into Scotch whisky. He thought it'ponlpresence of G. W . Mauprn and others—that the Repab- flcans bad nothing to do with Hanson—were for peace—end fought In their own defense. The Repub- licans of Berea say that their houses were rudely searched (which was admitted to me by one of# the party), andT giveyoa here a copy of a letter written tomebyMessrs.Haley & Bland, stating thewhole•causeof ahedxfllcalty, which original letter,signed by Haley & Bland, by H. Bawangs, can be seen by call-%r upon xu i* BxKJumxTXX Evaanae, 3Caxca 30, I860—My VrUnd Mr. a'conntryi and, as none repays attentive iobservatibu necessary to remove all herstores on shore,';where theC.AT. Clay: Idropa'fewline*toyon concerningthe fight. 11 morethantheAmericas Republic,sononeislikelyto captainandcrewconsisting ofeightindividuals,weredrops of creosote would make several galloss'of com-ple who confess that their own fature, destiny is dark and troubled.li3t sUppereve^eince. -?' ;:.-'.';.:;.'<4;:VV- £{t'Vo.ti< ' —The latest arrival from Europe brings us the news:of Mrsi Jameson's death. Mrs. Jameson was the eld- :estdaughterofMr. Murphy,painter/inordinarytotheexppsbg himself he would lose all title and claim'to ble tbat wines might yet be made chemically which tie*belt, as well as sacrifice all tiie stake3 in his fight would be preferaMe:to thef gennine. Mr. SEEL Y spent"KIKEW^ORK^ DAILlY TRIBUTE, SJ^il^BP^^y^PKim% 186©!-«£Tftf'SrlW''"Legends of theMcsastfe'Oraer^^^^ Douglas or Mr. Guthrie would carry the State just asnature. Their martyrdom will light up the fires of than a Royal personage may ever have an opportunitytheirdenouncementlastTuesdaybyasmallmajority, civil war,whichwi"l pervade the Union,and be oflearning. Onewnoiscalledtosuchhighdestinies, tremulouBness.whichimpairedtheprofessional'svocil-a n d t h a * > I a m a g a i n t o b e c o n s i d e r e d o n M o n d a y , I e x m g x u a h e d o n l y b y t h e d o w n f a l l o f o n e o r t h e o t h e r a n d w h o w i l l h a v e s u c h o p p o r t u n i t i e s o f d i r e c t i n g t h ^ availmyselfof thismeansof making my protest and of tbdae great powers, Liberty or SWvery, for tastesof his countrymen, mayiadvantageously study defense.-1wotddgreatlypreferalwaystomeetmy ever!_MenofMadison,/standbytho%emen; Ltheprogressintheartsoflifebyapeoplethrown,as' accuserafa<se-to face, and there make my defense; bat, ptand by t'-teCnnatitation and law? of my native State; itweio but yesterday, on the shores of anew continentwouldsaytheyaireallsprungfromthecrop-eared PersonagesandTypicalSubjeoteoftheOliTestament, beacandidateforanypositionwhileholding'hisprea-. as represented in Christian «Art.'^ She felt a deep entoffice. The frequent useof his name as a probableRevolution of 1776 to this hour, in every battle- the courteey will, we feel sure, be appreciated, and field, been ready to defend. I stand, in a word, on tend to draw closer the-bonds which unite the two my Frankfort speech of Jan. 10, I860, which I countries.Abroad," and the " Communion of Labor." prefaced Unionwbicftcarries with it Hgner honors, or offers ' ' " ' ^ are physiognomical frights. The snub proboscis, char- by an earnest and eloquent mtro^uction. fc,;thislate greater oprxoturities for distinction than that h e s o w s o 'acteristic of the sullidnareV abounds on all hands, orrather on all faces; though really it is not fair to level andsmall volume, she. considers .the practical aide of ably fills; and though Mr>'Wood may, 'Som6 of thesethat reproach against our coroneted cotton mushrooms, English life—treating of. labor, of charity, of educa- dayB, aspire to that, it is quite certain that he has toooCASSIUS M. CLAY.—At a regular meeting of theIt would, however, be a matter of regret if the Isle of Man. A brig arrived there from Buenos AyresPrince of Wales, satisfied whh the homage of theCanadians, should neglect to visit the Republic whichsow plays so great a part in"theworld:" We do not, ofcourse, anticipate in any case that the Pribce. 9^0old re-turn to England without having set. foot on the United and became a total wreck. Duriiig" the Obigh spring States territory; but there are different ways of visiting tides the water flowed over berdeck,'aud it Tiecamethe"remainder of the evening in producing beautifsl ..,...••'- V v ^<T JISHA^mMMT.Mf~3FTo deny the potency of the Constitution and the la ws aud Mucexely hope toat the noble stand ha hus taken in .fearlessly were without any otier covering than their wearing gave a bill at three months' date for 22,500f. One ger says he is exceedingly forward for his age, as " he meeting, and a general illumination. Speeches wereto a aente ot their true position, and bring about such a change in instances sickening. Men who a fe w months ago werestudent, borrowed 3,000f. ($600), for which he gaveat last come into physical conflict. And while I am our con»mon country. ,, being only covered by skin, and their faces, palid and get married; it appears that he was successful, for lady raised the cry of " Evviva Napoleone III.," add- Christie and Geo. S. Allison, Delegates to the Syracusetheir sentiments as may awaken :h*u> to a *ens« of justice, dic-sarypoliciesandjnrisdieionaofwhichmustinevitably tatedbypatrioticImpulses,torindicatetherightsofanobleand haleandheartywereliterallyreducedtoskeletonsby a bill for $1,000. He said hewanted themoneytogenerous man, as well as to preserve the fair fame and welfare of long continued dysentery, their bones and sinewsopposed to Slavery on all possible grounds, my love liaolvKti, That' ve Tecognize in the action of thoee who are emaciated, more like those of corpses than of living he is now married; and it is on the' refusal of>hisand respect for my constitution aad my country over- engaged in this attack upon Mr. Clay, a desire to cruah the ing, " bastache sia galantvomoj* the translation of Convention. They also organized a Republican Asso-ride all other political considerations. My theory is, frU-nds of Freedom In Kentucky who accept the great principle* beings. On the evening of the ship's arrival about a father-in-law to pay his debts in full that he quareled which would sound, "provided he behaves like a gen-of tbe Republican party as their political faith, and who loos hnnored of the sufferers were taken to the Workhouse ciation, electing Geo. Benson cf Haverstraw, Presi-that Slavery is a creature of law, and the subject of npon Mr; Clay as their leader in that State. in eprmg carts. A message hid been previously sent with Madlle. Leveque, and that thePiocureur Imperial tleman." The success of this cheer was immense— dent, E. B. Johnson of Nyack, Secretary, and Robertsupport, modiftcatija, increase, or destruction,, as any Keiolrtd, Tb»t the foregoing preamble and resolutions be pub- to M. Carr, the Governor of the Workhouee, request- got wind of the affair. Bat the richest part IB to come.indeed, so great that it spread all over the town,-and Carpenter of Nyack, Treieurer. They appointed aother policy, audi to bo reached in the same way only —by moral suasion, by Bpeech, by the press, by the laws, and by the Constitution. That so long as it con- stitutes prOpeTty, by laws—ihat the laws mast be re- spected and enioreed in good iaith. Tnat the majority have the right to rule, because we know of no o*<her or better way of promoting the ends of government, the safety and happiness of the whole of the governed. That if the slaveholders thus rule w e will a:qui-lished in THE N. Y. TRIBPNK, Kvrning Pott, and Herald, and that a copy be sent to the Hon. Cassius M. Clay.CHARLES P. RODGERS, President. B&JUOrcs STXSUXG, Secretary.ing him to eend something down to cover the invalids.Sixty rugs were returned, but they were insufficient,Madlle. Leveque had a partner, in the shape of an old infantry officer of/the name of St Cirque, who used towas repeated a hundred-fold.—In the English House of Commons, the debate be-THEWALES'S VISIT' JTrom The London Timet.TO way. He bad on a pair of drawers and a flannel sin- " clients" and herself. The kind of business will bastPRINCE OF AMERICA.lainforweekBexposedtotheweather,andBOhedied, fit's appearance was horrible, like that of a man whowriterofhonorandcharacter,andamostaccurate Republicat8haveprettymacb5wepttheboard. The observer." - .... .,,"„;-.,......'.'.„'..,.-;.'... Democrats fought desperately, but were signally de-was sent on beard. Three days afterward tho storeswere fcund scarce, and the men were placed on shortallowance. The question was asked why sufficientstores had not been obtained at St. Helena. Some saidthere was a mutake as to the quantity on board, butthe men »ay the price was too high. The lime-juicewas so bad that the doctor condemned it as unfit foruse; but even after this it was used. The sick-listsoon numbered three hundred, all requiring attent'onfrom the hands of one surgeon and an assistant. Sick-ness was much increased by the want of proper cover ing.Fouroutofe^rytenmenhadtolieuponbare ed,andtheblessedSabbathdesecrated." boards, and were glad to get even a coat to coverbackers hope to find ice on which to test her qualitieswith a cargo of .bones, and going up to the ship yard got across one of the banks, and as she had no, support inhercenter,sandbanksbeingforeand^aft withthe river running under her center," she1 strained, fell off,with Heenau,'.' " '•'•.7'.*'".' ..Jj asma !',•>.chemicailcolors. and in making additional experiments •:"< withhischeapliquors,-.Hefoand tiuttin a specimenalso berthed. They were choking their own food, all5*»treatmenttoCeorgoW«t.TheCoauoltteowenttohit isnetacountryofmuseums'andpalaces,tobe"done"beingforeigners,onFridayhighvandintendedmenced-withthe"DiaryofasEnnuyee^.fti1826,;hectiout;i^No.dther-ia^^in''m*e«tfnn^,'iti8-'a^ti^sobitterthatnoonewoulddrinkit.incoftclosion,he«*«•» oa tbe hunt of Haaaon. West in the iaot atage of con-J«B"PUoa and told hi* dangater to abut the door;and they broke In so many days with a Marray's Handbook. ^Its in. makinglBome sort of porridge of arrowroot and trea«* doer down, aad they cuffed and mbaaod Weat aad hi* dea%h- terest consistin its people, in the phases of civilizatioa cle; but by mistake, a canister containing 14 pounds wr-.and wew*utto aee Weat with no view of aetiagany of tbrouch which they are passing, m the political and of arsenic was taken up and used, instead of arrow-followed by numerous volumes on varioussubjects of on all bands, but Mayor Wood,' could' have gone •into eaid that it was one of the greatest ^blessings aniV ^ ^ P ^ y . 8 0 ^ *& % Her principal and most poptdar the hotbed of Abolitionism, andcreated such a revolu- curses of nia<>.•a***- W«aaettaeavand!beggedtor.peace,aaddidail1eoold Habtalalt,% ia^eaeWiotia»yoBradyiee. •« FRANK BLAND,„ , " GftBEN HALBY."^ttere, men of Madison, are some Of the facts, bat not *Hbe facts; the language to the daughter of West was £* gross for the public aye, and I therefore suppress g *er were these the only outrages. A similar onense *?** children of the poor brought on a revolution in ^•tkiagdom from which we draw our blood andcommercialactivitywhichtheydisplay,in.theirenergyand restieemess, their greatness and their weakness.Although we cannot expeot that a youth in his nme- tcenthyearshouldbeatfetoappreciate^theAmerican morediedinthecourseofthenight; ; CWouweiatb, yet we feel sure that a journeypublicationiB^^wereIher."Cbsa:a(jferi8tic8ofWomen," chiefly stiidies frbmSbakespeare; " Visits and Sketches at Home and Abroadjf? 'XWinter Studies and Summer*v* of Hberty.The story will sink deep into theHroot. Allthecrew,withtheexceptionofthe,Cap- tain^ partook of the mixture, and general sickness fol- lowed. !The captain's son died in 20 minutes, and twoA9sociATie*s.Mrae'Untitled Documentf M - ^-•fr:-;titive examination withHelper (Derbyshire Sfrutt), asto the angle of ineidence involved in the peaks of their Bradford, in October..last,' 'she attended the sectionseign power of the State. If every man in Midi . aU times to sacrifice money, health, and even life itself,aon' waa to assent to the usurpation, it would be I have brought back an unsullied nam9 to the plaw of; ship Robeit Kelly, which left Liverpool on the 20th ofnone the Jess an overthrow of the Constitution; my birth, and which you were not the last to welcome January, with a cargo of coal, bound to this port. The respective olfactory apparatus; and assuredly the blue observations sbe made were received with marked re- Republican Board of Supervisors. Fourteen of thewhich can be annulled, set aaide, changed, or dis- as part of the common glory of our State. You may vessel sailed on the 15th,butputback on the 18th, hiv- blood of the Howards presentsso particularly comely seventeen towns Jaave gone for the Republicans, is;obeyed with impunity only by the legil representa- be strong enough to overpower me; you cannot drive ing been in collision With the ship Troy of Rock Perry contrast to the plebeian raddle of the flock of Joneses spect. Mrs. Jameson's illnese was of a .few days' du- Orleans County, 'with one exception, the RepublicantJvee of the people in Convention assembled. Bat, me from the duty which Towe to myself, to my friends, (as previously reported). The R. K. was built by and Robinsons, the latter patronymic, by the way, in- ration only. After a visit to the Reading-Room of the ticket is elected. Warren County elects a Republican according to the known facts, but about a fourth and to roy country. I f l fall, I trust I shall not fall in British Museum, she.complained ,of a cold, and in twovain, and it will be .enough ior all my long cherished Weeteryelt& Kelly of this city in 1850, is ljl31 tuns cluding one owner: of two-£earldoms,-D.e Grey and or three days a^eevere attack, of bronchitis succeeded; Supervisor by tbi^y-four majority. , In Kings County , &?$adIof the county ngned the papers protesting against aspirations if, perchance, my blood shall atone for the register, rates A 1, and owned by Messrs. Boyd & Riponr and he is no exception to the rule."from the effects of which she neverrallied, expiring .oa the new Board will stand, 13 Republicans, 5 Bemo-the doctrines and action ot the " Radical Aboiitidn- wrongs of my race, and 2Acse States shall at-last be Heincken. She is valued at $40,000, and one.fourththeeveningOfSaturday,the17thinst.Parisian life. It was that of. Madlle. Leonie Leveque, — I n Chicago, the other night on actor, who wascrate, and 2 Americans.—A meeting was held the other night at Cincinnati,<i: imi&sists."the.Rev.JohnG.Peeandothers. Anditis well known that a very large number of those signing that paper were and are u terly opposed to any other than legal proceedings against tnose unhappy men,free!WMU J?a«, Ky., Saturday, March 31,1860.-C.M.CLAY.insured..• . •••'.. , , .,;:, '• SUFFERINGS ON HOARD AN ENGLISH SHIP. .—ArecenttrialisParishasrevealedacarioussideofwho, possessing considerable talent for business, playing tbe ch'ef part in " The Poor Young Man," to sympathize with the President in his present sorrowtXr$ 3 >* I— .Jand trouble. Tfie Gazette says the proceedings were quarters, Stuyvesant Institute, No. 659 Broadway, on on board nearly a thousand soldiers from India. The The first pursuit is perfectly legitimate according to —Before the adjournment of the Massachusetts Leg- adds: " W e do not think there was so much real feelWednesday evening, April 4, i860, the following pre- scene on the vessel is said to have been terrible, by French law, but not so with regard to usury. To take islature,'the members of that body presented to the ing for Mr. Buchanan as desire to make politicalreason of the physical condition of the men, between capital." a higher interest than 5 per cent is a penal offense, and Speaker a gold watch; to the Clerk, a silver pitcher;amble and resolutions were unanimously adopted:Vice>Preeident and a Committee of three from each town to organize Town Clubs.—The Cleveland Herald says: "The Democracy glet, both saturated with wet. So, it was said, he had appear from the following extract from a business Theodore Parker's works, calling him "an American have once more been nailed olit ia this city, and theand the consequence was that about forty men werelaid out in the carts half nude. O/ie man died on the act as an intermeditte agent between certain of her ing on the Reform bill, Mr. Rolt, M. P ., quoted fromOne of the moat inveterate traditions of our fathers had been starved to death. Three more deaths occur-And therefore the Republicans in Kentucky have wt 8 ihe immobility of Royalty. That the King should red before the following night. The names of the don, who is a great believer in spirits and their com- The Republican majority in the city is 720. Heretoforeseen opposed to, and have avoidily denounced, any remain habitually within a certain radius of his cap- deceased men are William Coleman, Tuomas Beachey, Another friend of mine wants a $500 note, just to show munications, lately received a message from herillegal interference with slaves, from home, at home, or ital, and never go beyond it, except for the purpose of James Pyett, and — Phillips. At the dead-house, off when he opens bis card-case. He would rent it for Cleveland baa often been Democratic, especially atabroad; they have given no countenance to the making a solemn and formal visit to some loyal prov- Prince's Dock, are the bodies of three other men re- 25f. a month." Madlle. Leveque also dabbled in daughter, who died about a year since, begging her Spring elections.eace—and if w e thus rule theymust also acquieacs.—It is said that Mrs. L——, a lady residing in Lon- feated at every turn. Glory' enough for one day."I fft'''1Ametcape of slaves, to insubordination, or to servile in ince, was with the Ia'er Sovereigns of the House of moved from the ship. The names of these are Thomassurrtetbn. Hence, on the 4th of July, 1856, at the Hanover almost an article of faith. The first two Holt, John Murphy, and William Matthews. 'SlateLickSprings,inthiscounty,whentheRev.John Georgeswere, of course,constantlyrunning overto "Iftheaccountgiven,bythemeniscorrect—andby6. Fee avoWed from the stump the Radical Abolition Germany; but when the Prince who, born aad edu- parties evidently averse to affording information, it has laughter in court. Neverthele«H the Court behaved doctrine,: I denounced it from the stump. He was cated in the country, " gloried in the name of Briton," been, in some measure, confirmeed—thore is a serious rather severely, and sentcucsd Madlle. Leveque to fourcame to the throne-, the Tycoon of Japan wa3 almost reeponribility resting somewhere. It appears that as immovable. This may have been partly the result theee Boldiers are a portion of those who, refusing to of natural sluggishness of mind, but it was, perhaps, be transferred from the service of tho East India Com.Corresponding Secretary of the Central RepublicanClub; at our unit meeting ia Richmond, he was dis-placed, and a Repablican elected in his ttead. Whenhewas mobbed in several placed; when his colaborer more an imitation of French and Spanish Royalty, pany to that of her Majesty, without receiving the r-A fashionable London publisher has just issued awhich had then reached the extreme of absurd punc- UAUUI bounty given to new recruits, were discharged work, by a thoologic Cambridge Master of Arts, in tiliousness. Whatever the cauee, George III. was con- and ordered to be sent home. The num say that, uu-.' which it is proved, or at 'east asserted, which is much tent to oscillate all his life between London and Wind- der the circumstances, but little consideration wasthe Rev. James S. Davis, asked my aid in defendingMr. Pee, I addressed a letter, dated Oct. 8, 1857, de-clining to, identify myself in any way with Mr. Fee'sdoctrine oz action. These letters were hrst published sor, and an excursion to Weymouth was the moat given to theft comfort. A contract was entered into the same thing in these days, that shaving ia a ter, endeavoring to establish a communication with the Democratic majority is this town last election was 150. in Tie Washington Republic in the face of the world, foimdab e journey which he had ever attempted. His tobrii.gthem home at £ 7 each, the Government un- hinderance to the spread of the Gospel. He says: shore. . -, ...was made agaanst the Bereans. I took the same neutral nearly 60 years. King Willi-un, though he had seen use there, were thought good enough for the dis- ground, in letters addressed to' The Richmond Mesten- the world in bis yoath, was almost as stationary after charged soldiers, aud these were placed on board.devout, A albeit close-«h«ve'd Christiana, are wending was bitten on the cheek by a man nuned Meegan, whotheir way to the "sanctuary, lo! in every by-street a Mayor by 400 majority over the Democratic candidate.threw him down and for several minutes gnawed hisshaving-shop standB open, and through the glazed door —The town of Seneca, Ontario County (including!l [i jaggtr and to the Cincinnati papers, one only of which was yrSbii8 ed faa Tie Cincinnati Commercial, dated Whitetil, Ky., December 28, 1860, but which, I know nothy That means, failed to reach Judge Field until the even of the country they were to govern. In the age Monduy fo 'lowing; and, the exiles being gone, I went before railways the greatest lords were content to into The Messenger Office, and took it away, as theoccasion for it* publication had passed. Again, whenDerbyshire and back. The Sovereign encouraged this dislike of locomotion by his example, and. in spite of fraud tours in his youth, tbe Eoglish Milora could note said to be a really traveled man.How, however, Englishmen go everywhere, inEurope and in the East, and Royalty is about to leal them to a field which, if not untrodden, is leas known than it should be. The Prince of Wales i« likely toy on see, whnt 7A human face soaped aud lathered toface. It is feared that mortification or erysipelas will Geneva), has elected the entire Republican ticket. P .'<•llhe had ceased to be a midshipman. It cannot be There is to doubtbut at thit time good provisionsdoubted that much of the narrowness of these Sover- were dear in Calcutta, and the commander stateseigns, and the despotic tendencies of the first two, that the first bread sent it on board 'was so the eyes, with another immortal being standing at his eetin.m'<•'.Iilll,1 '- ••'<'immm m%rI 11'1>H parose from their having seen eo little of the world, audside, one hand grasping his victim's nose, and the otherRs8 much of their time in residence* almost suburban,with beef and tea as bad, the men soan became sick: the fourth commandment is in process, and that the been all covered with hair, to have had six fingers on of the Democratic Convention for Mayor of Jerseyletter to his frir aisociie .• " If you have a diamond ling worth 500f., Tknow a young man who wanta one to go into society. He would rent it for 20f. a month.not to grieve any more for her, as she was now per- matrimonial speculations, and the reading the list of fectly happy, and was just married to Edward the—The Republicans carried Canandaigua on Tuesday against the combination of Democrats and "Silver Grays," electing Charles Coy Supervisor by 200 ma-jority. Last year there was a majority the other way.—In Phelps, Mr. Van Dusen, the Republican can didate for Supervisor, was elected by 86 nmjority.—Phillipstown, a Democratic stronghold, elected,candidates for a dowry of $100,000^ created muchBlackPrince.—Who would be a Prince ? The United ServiceGaztttc says that Prince Alfred is treated in the navy precisely as if he were the son of a private gentleman, with one stern exception: he is forbidden to smoke 1months' imprisonment and 4,000f. fine. .H. Field, Supervisor, has 371 majority. bad that, on his own responsibility, he returned it —The tows of "Dutch Accra is fixed upon as tiw ron shore. Better bread was sent; but this, in a short defying the conimandment of God with the uplifted —Mr. Charles Fuik, who received the nomination time, was as bad as the other. Living upon this staff, steeL Who can doubt that a willful transgression Of birth-place of a monster. The being is said to haveperformance is concluded. , The lip and chin are de-nuded of nature's edifying garb; and the liberated mother died eight dayB afterward.• .v—^ J . M « 3 U V W t W i l l tii(•..;,.fir"f.ifi,'-!'•'•••'• Iproduction, viz./ ©ft, /'Sacred and Legendary AarV pie of Kentucky for the Presidency, but*-^-The^ ^ndos. correspondent of TJie Liverpool Madonna," ^ j t ^ ^ : ^ ^ S m ^ ^ S ^ ^ S ^ k surelyi ^&s;firststatesmen'is Oiatpart of the coftxfc'I *#1' Dudley, is a superb-looking feEow, and, without; theleast ^make-up," could play the baritone part in Er- Italian Painters," publishedrby Mr. -Murray. For two no idateieodeplank'is the Charleston platforat. ' • naniaswellasFornasari,andeingittoo,withoutthe yearspastshehadbeenengagedonalaboriousandelab —TkeDail* Newssaysttiat.^e^xeferesce to'&r" ^ *tpEtrow^Crrirxiia olr MADISOIT CoxmTT: learning Youimay drive'these*men into the mountains; you pathy.; The Prince of Wales might find both instruc-from a reliable souroe that the Revolutionary Comunt- may burn their houses;, you may hunt them down tion acd recreation in a visit to the Atlantic cities, Albion says that fjxe late\I^rd''Wa^j'now'''Eari''of revised and enlarged editios'of^^.^niova^^e^i^iy' try, saysf^wiiter, are of opiniontbaVtsere wffl*!^1 *•**»with.the deepest interest and attention, .and any: brief—Livingston County' has for the first time elected' a—A medal waB recently preseutod to George Suaicar,the nun who, jumped overboard from the Royal Char- Brewster, for Supervisor, receiving269 majority. Thesubject takes his place, toolate, alas, for chnrch now,in civilized society. He is a cleaner (as the effeminate says that a M. Falloux, having been admitted to pre- gave a lecture last evening on tbe Adulteration of Li—The correspondent of The Manchesterwill talk) if not a batter man. But why cleaner ? Be* sent the recent academical vote to his Majesty, Louis quors, in tbe Lecture-Room of the Thirteenth-fitreement and trial. The Railroads gladly give her a freeences in the flavor and odor of wines were owingnumber of troops leaving India for Europe and. China,it was deemed necessary to supply the troops withpickled meats, rice, and dalls, instead of fresa provis- indeed, he was obliged to raise them, for Bhe was seven volatile oils, and nvneral matters. In distilled li-when boiled 'ttuvnk eo horribly* that it h-id to be thrown overboard; T h e men had nothing eubstitatod instead of the beef. The lime juice was weak aad notdiluted, to the action of the sic In many factories where oil of vitriol was need, they made lemonade with water, a.few drop* of sulphuric acid to make it sour, sugar, and oil of lrmcn. He did not think that there was enough puiphuric acid in dutilled liquors to do any injary. The existence of sulphate of potash in wine *wae'onev of the best evidences of, genuineness. There was geher illy also tannin ia wine. Pouring this ftitc sulpha'e ot iroD, it would form an ink. He bad sent to a ylace where he was sure to get the worst liquor; he had seen reports of persons going crazy on liquor from this pl*ce. He had obtained nearly hah* a pint of what they called brandy for five cents, and nearly as much more of asioular liquor, called ruao, for a.similar.sum. This would bC about 80 centB per gallon. On asking for gin, the answer was.given: " Oh you don't want ginj gia is only brandy with a little rum in it." , Mr Siety took a little of tins brandy and subjected it to the teets to which Da. Cox subjected hi* brandy,'without discovering any-of the wonderful things which the Doctor did. He then smelltdtheliqaor, discovering first a pleasant odor. Taning i«., he discovered tbat it was highly pepperea'way again. The giantess listened for a few momenta—One of the most singular wagers we ever heardthe provinces has been almobt uninterrupted. The and maggotty until -they reached St. Helena, The of, says The Buffalo Courier, was made in Chicago door, dropped him in the street, whence he wasestablishment, and to her the planter raised his eyes——The Rev. D<miol Worth was tried last week and a half feet high, and his feet were only five. The quors the volatile oils pissed over with the alco-passage throughout. .to thedifferencesin theamount ofsagar,ions. A number of documents were re.id, showing thatthe biscnt supplied by Messrs Harton & Co. of Cal- in North Carolina on the charge of circulating planter at once loved the giantess, and spent money in hol. All wines contained acid, and all distilledcutta were of such a bad kind that they had to bocracked with a hammtr, and sieepod before they could incendiary publications, and was foaud guilty. He purchasing tickets to the museum. The treasury reliquors had a tendency to become sour. A drop of sul-be eaten. An immense quantity, however, 32,000 has been eentenced to twelve months imprison- joiced, but the giantess did not reciprocate the affec phuric acid in a barrel of water would change litmus pounds, was so bad tb'at it had to be thrown overboird. ment; but his counsel have appealed to the Supreme tion. On the contrary, she declined his offers of mar paper to red. In genuine wia»?s the acid was tartaric;home on board the Graat Tasmania. He was in good —It is said that when the Hon. Pierre Soal6 was attributed to the influence of 8iflnor Vannuchi, and hehealth when he left port, and was apptinted corporal U. S. Plenipotentiary to Spain", he always appeared accordingly determinedto remove her from the Bphore phurous acid, whieh absorbed oxygen, became sulphurictwo days after. He got a hammock oa going on board,but no bed clothes waatever were supplied, to the men.Many of the men bad wo hammocks at all, aud wereobliged to tleep vn tbe deeWwj.meB* tables, aud forms,or wherever they could. 'Ihe beef was very bad, and information is that the embroidery was done wi;h was then driven away. After going some distance, gar wasnow made from alcohol, by exposing it, muchof the showman's influence. Stratagem w a s necessa- vet, elaborate'y embroidered with braid. He never ry, and was. unhesitatingly used. The giantess wasacid, and united,with potash. Acetic acid was nearly as harmful as sulphuric. A great deal of the vinegar which was sold was sulphuric acid and water. Vine-magnificently but plainly attired in a suit of blick vel-wore it except on court occasions. The novelty in thisbraid; all former inrcstigators had supposed that it the planter sprang in, and the vehicle whirled on itswas with sewing-silk.part of a sailor during the greater part of the vojago. and tobacco dealer in the city, and wae to the effect order that a peaceful sleep might remov e the memoryAlthough the men on hoard were disbanded troops, yet be, together with other men, were obliged to mount guard and do duty. He was obliged to take his ham- mock in bad weather, and when it got wet. he had no means of drying it, so tbat he was obliged to fileep in it as it was—wet and dirty.. "Thomas Frarcis Fernandez, P. R. C.-S , a retired surgeon in the Madras service, gave a fearful picture of the state of thmgs on board the Great Tasmania during the voyage. The ventilation of the ship was ver*: defective, and the provisions wore of the most wn^chedrort. He had never before seen suuh a dis- tressing state of things. He attributed the deaths of the poor fellows to nothing but the bad ventilation of the ship and the wretched food. He had had only ten blankets served out to him for hospital use by the Madras Government, a.quantity utterly insufficient. All the statements which have already appeared were fully borne out. by Dr. Fernandez, and the wonder is that a single soul on board even survived."At a subsequent meetingJof the jury, several wit- nesses, including some medical gentlemen, were called, and testified to the wretched food supplied to the men on board, and stated that such unwholesome diet was the principal cause of the deaths of so many men on the voyage home, and after the arrival in Liverpool.SHIP'S CREW POISONED.A singular case of poisoning occurred recently in thethat if Wentworth was not elected, Osborne should have the privilege of kicking the Wa'er-street mer- chant aforesaid from the Tremont House to Springer street. The day after the election, the merchant hav- ing lost, came to Osborne's et ire, and presented bis person to himfor the contemplated kicks, and demanded that Osborne should take the stakes. Osborne hadof this rough course of love.—The tiial of Walter Land, accused of the murder of his brother-in-law, Benjamin F. Flanagan, was termi- nated on Saturday night, at the Court House in Princess Anne County,Virginia, by a verdictofguilty. L*nd shot Flanagan, and«then escaped to Baltimore, where he was arrested. Since that he escaped twice from thei\as thick as two clapboards. The merchant started upby the Tremont, Osborne delivering a heavy kick as* Virginia the jury fix the puniebment, and they have-Princess Charlotte, a well-knowS" artiei :in the'early ,G part of >the present century. She married Mr. RobertPOLITICAL.'x ••• . " - ' " " a i " ' "' • "~•of common salt as sold by the grocers there was mote I sulphuric a<rd than in anybf his liquors. A s articleinduced by some pretense to enter a carriage, whichto her victim's tale of love, then quietly opened thebrother-in-law with his wife, caused the murder. Inhe started, but drew back his foot with a spasmodicaction and paroxysm of countenance absolutely pitiful. was defended by a number of lawyers, at the head of passed off, and left the persistent odor of fusel oil. so .He tried another one, but the loaer flinched not, andwhom was Ex-Governor Wise. much of it as to indicate the worst kind of rye whisky.'Guardiangiven Land eighteen years in th'e 1 State Prison. He and spiced. Pouring. a little on his hand, this flavor,kept on bis way undisturbed by the volley he had re- — We are informed by a London correspondent that He supposed that it was made of the cheapest kind-ofceived. The result of this was worse than the first,and he fairly curled up on the ground and howled withthe manageis of one of the principal theaters in Lon den lately offered Tom Sayera a larger sum of moneywhisky, costing 2"> or 30 cents a gallon, .fired up with Guinea pepper. He U.ought this liquor no worse than ' real etrong brancy; the pepper was deleterious, but he•Mi--The .Washington'correspondent of Tfie Daily purporting to be from THE TRIBUNE was read, and anV»Wi'/1 l*''M-w.»•)•••••«* J..*f».M—On the 31st of March, the Republicans of Rock-r• on Tuesday the entire Republican ticket—Charles t.Mr. CHAS. A. SEELY, chemUt, of No. 424 BroadwayYOUNG MEN'S'Seventft Annual National Cqnyentios bf these^SsV§&-CHRISTIAN'••..I1 Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com1wV.^..r win*<;•-''V 