 .freeindependentaffection (y 22,000,(KHiV'guarded bypractice, it maypartoftiie programme to fallFlushing, but New-Y'orki or well feel proud.anyotherOli.X.—NO.W44peMrrtk ftme^.NEW-YORK,THURSDAY,NOVEMBER1, I860. PRICETWOCENTS.long the division of Italy, and to foster Its dissensions. But I may, perhaps, not be charged with presumption THE PRESIDENTIAL CAMPAIGN. falm (Blaib) wlUi regard to Mr. Oaani's seat in theGentlemen, let us make the annexation, and the ces- if I express an ardent desfre, an earnest hope, that United States Senate, eto., eto. Mr.Oosaus said la his late speeoh here tliat the Republicans i»ikT fj^ charges against him, and call npon tbe BrecUnildgaThe FntH ocotadni the Mlowing: "Tlie Great Twr«n, witb tbe-exespOon of England, hare signified totteCaUnctof Tuiln tlMtthey wU not recognize It* blockade of Gaeta."The offletai Ifm JlineluntT Zeitung publishes a Megram, dated Turin, the lith inst., a»erting thatnew, strange phase of foreign intervention, and the worst of alL I have proclaimed Italy for the Italians ; and will never allow Italy to become the nett of cosmo- politan secttt assembling tktre to hatch reactionary plotSf or tofurther the onsets ofuniversal demagogy.beginning to doubt the ef the ntlllty.brag game,great manifest it.ofWhatever may be the course of Kingdom. [A storm of loud applause.] This answer its Ambassador, has on this occasfon formally pro- liine,May the vote you will deposit in the urn <ke Cabinet, as the Ambassadors of Russia and Prus- be inspired by that Providence which protects agloriousmemories,asStates,beingthequellthedisturbance. Considerabledamage was dooe.iU bad remitted formal protests against the Sardinian taTados of the Kingdom of Naples.The Russian Ambassador, adds the telegram, sig- sUed, in addition, that in the event of bo attentionrighteous causeevents, I tranquilly await the judgment of civilizei Europe, because I am convinced that 1 have fulfilled ray duties as abeKiunsgelaensds atno Irteacloinacni.le Miyn policy mtahye not, perhaps, Europebebig paid'toprogresschies. IknowthatinItalyIclosetheeraofrevolu-;these liata—these terms of thealso said thatwas the only doctrine that wouldernment, but he (Gbxzn) would support Mr. Oooe- LAB if it was thedid not think Mr. Ldicolh's election a cause fbr se-penile."'The OittrotT says:will more than fix the atten-;opby and historyset the example before me, I must give free utterance tothewholeofmymind. Ithinkthesolutionofthe Roman question must arise from the conviction which will daily gain ground in modem society, even in thedismiss a Southern Disunlonist from ills Cabinet. If Cabs, or Tocczr, or Black, should, by some strange freak, return to the Anti-Slavery faith which the Northern Democracy professed in its State Conven-tlds jffotest, be should demand his pass-of the with the stability of monar- people[laughter] but if you do not supply me with memorandum of M. Cavoob in energetic terms. TheDouglas Kansas would have been a Slave State.Hepofta.In Its leading article of the ISth ult., the LondonTliaus says:"tions.Given in Ancona, this 9th of October, 1860.No one pretends toto preserveSlavery the Gov-TioMB EKianu will,a few dmnot out the pointchantsin wouldinthatcasebe and Italy unprotected,from the chai^ of favoring disunion at the present time.onlychance to defeatLiHoou.Hehence,If the Fates are not very adverse, hold the Kingdom of ItalyXmplieof France. If, as there can belittle doubt as We have already given a brief abstract of CountI shall hesitate to indicate the great causes which are tosaid, and repeat it, that theprotlem of Rome is not to be about to agree on a common course of action on this and disgrace of having a man at the head of the finan-solved by the sword alone. The sword is necessary, it subject. The Regent will return here on the 14th cial department of the Government, who will con- FIBST CONORBSSIONAXanswered in the affirmative, vicroa Eauiou will be seated' bythegraceofGodandthewilloftheItalianbutit is cutthe knot. Moralfestivities of the and spire University, wlUthenproceedtojbreak uppartyadvice was not so badefiect on the rest of Italy. The concord between the spect to the epoch it refers toCountyThis system of Government could not be without Sovereign and the people in Uie purpose of national;and of civil and political liberty, the Parliamentary tribune and the free Press, and themore satisfactory It Is tols infiniteresources,hefell bpeaennabledtoslatethattherewasacoincidencebe- throwuponhimtheresponsibilityofdismissingthem. edswiftly,thedelegates,numberingabout1,500,filed-/independenceordinary genius and il —political system.ieginionia,) whence was to spring the concordant liar- who, agree 'mea beside the troops of the two great Western Pow- ers. I wished thereby to acquire for Italy the light ofhis friends, who made vain efforts to heal ills hean's. wounds. We then showed the King the serious con- sequences of these eventualities, and declared that it was perliaps expedient to prevent them, not bjr a change of policy, for this we could never have ad-DttrUeipvting in all acts concerning the interests ofEurope. At the Congress of Paris my Ambassadorswere able to spesdt for the first time to Europe of yoursiiiEraings. It i>ecame clear to all men how the pre- vised, but rather opposed it with all our might, but ponderance of Austria in Italy was Injurious to the with a change of persons. After mature deUDeraUonner^ by changing the opinion of Europe. But how? The warned to hold itself in readiness to start at a mo- ern it is opinion of Europe will change, because the opposi- fire-eaters,balance of power in Europe, and what dangers beset the independence and freedom of Europe so long as the rest of the Peninsula was subject to foreign in- fluence.the King declared that a cliangeof Ministers, in the absence of the Chauitiers and without an ostensible political motive, would have been an act greatly weakening Uie Government at home as well as abroad. His Majesty therefore invited the Ministersit, also In a great part of the popu- lation, even liberal, of Europe. "The opposition to the enterprise of the liberation of Venice arises fromthe first is the doubt Europe entertains of our ability to consttute ourselves into a strong andand tile South will flock to ihe rc>'j'ie.A spi.cious platform was erected in front of theMy magnanimous ally, the Emperor Napouos III.,felt that tne Italian cause was worthy of Uie great to remain In their places. Theyalso one for Sicily.Great agitation and discontent prevail.Strong patrols of the National Guard patrol the the performaiii'c.nation he rules. A righteous war Inaugurated thenew destinies of our country. The Itiulau soldiersorderlyenthusiastic crowd,listened attan-that ambition which Is ascvilbed to my fomHy try those wlio do not consider the nature of the tlrnes, I could have been satisfied but I had shed the blood of my soldiers, not for myself, but for Italy. I had called the Italians to arms. Several ItalianConsols for moneyat 92\'S92'^i, and for ac-Fellow citizens and fellow RepubUcans of the FirstHad I been actuatedwith the acquisition of Lombardysent to New-York. Such a dearth of laborersby92 ®93. system. ['Bravo!') Nor is It just to say that Gam- as to the jsossibility of e mancipating that untiappv count at 7iattills Look ouT for the mosthad changed form of government tomay est attention. The ofprovincesjoin In the war of IndejiendenceSdoab—Prices are only moderate.\their —a warImportancefit having per-their Princes. After UieWace of ViUafranca Uioseprovinces asked my prote^on against the threatened restoration of their former Governments. If thelaws,ofuponjudiciary,events of Centralwere the consequence people,By coming freely toIt soathat you for Con-Italysystem foreign interventionoperations.RicB is fully Saltpetbx is Taiww is ver}' firm,jugglerypoUticians.happens candidateof the war to wliich we had called theas wantedwith aprices are stiffer.toif the of was for everdear,large and businessbusiness.supportto be banished from recognize, and to uphold the;complished. In my letterandto le- and freely to utter their vote. I withdrew mycompact Italy becomes, the greater, the more powerful and irresisti- ble will be the attraction it exercises upon Venice. thisof the 24Ui "He (Mr. Lacktv)pa.ssageof those gioUvyemment—they made an orderly Governmentshall obtain either that your vote goes against us, and then the Ministerial crisis will occur, but only agree-to theoccursa few weeks ago, on Uie pretended ground that hehad declared his preference for Lincoln over Batcx- community, who has sftred youwlUidrew myand, vieing wiUi each other in unanimity and civil virtues, Uiey rose to so high a andablyhypothesisafiect those principles, but rather confirms themfact has been acluiowledged the Government were on speculation and for export. byjinioralEmamcipatiohTreasury,say, ofgreatersr:'my heart the dearestDouglas platform adopted at Chicago T*ere. ^'»^^„.!convocation of UietheretohisItaly, rightduty peoplelarge. LrviBPOoi, Wednesday, Oct. 17—3 P. M.inst.,;troops—Uiey organized regular forces,the of Ministry, not only does not changeor Is fiivorable to us, and then we feel con- fident that it may exercise a great Influence on the mind of Gen. Gastbaldi. [Hear.] We feel confident that he will rather believe the representatives of theabiUty. I am »«»sureyoureputation strength, that nothing but the overbearmgilolence of foreignyour suffrage;nota slaveSouUiemer, property inarms MuJd have subdued them, thanksdom of Uie Central Italian people, Uie monarchical Ides ocastantiy gained rtrengih, and monarchy gaveThe steamship Edinburgh^ province to his Empire. He tried it for some time, but re to-day.fromarrived—your representative. [Cheer..!J°" .'^^.Sd to>our^^p«t«naI had athe follow ingwas dismissed from officeto satisfy the want of a national re- order of the eoostilatlco. Tlie armexation did not change the sub- we accept with aU ourwhich have no hearis, the people have. In tldiand at the same time in this rapid movement of aU things, it is not diplo-sible,facts,P*°''„r^fon our principles expressed Wh redSyoufinSthecre^foimL By accepting from the popular right thosetfate sad noble previnoes, I must loyaUy recognize the Italy, to give us his hand.in the name of who set to diplomatists the task they have to name,but peoplethereforeGovernment ardienUy•"vltwtion of that principle, nor could I measure it by[Loud applause.) e'ipialned Uie motives which ledlonger admits of contradiction, the miserable con- dlttonofVenicewillawakenaniinmensesympathynotalso desires that the emancipa-inrti^-ruleofmyprivatefeeUngsandinterests. Insuji-tof that principle, I, for the good of Italy, made"TM"promptly;POLITICSINMISSOURI.J^^Sft our noble Sbwabb, but they »« 4°,?? 'he said, was» which cost"I re-n those Italian Princes who must say a passing word as to u?e objection rffi by dread any cowplidtt in the sacrifice of Venice. When 13,859,280 of"! war;in rain after the writing or by word of mouth, th^late of Mr. presenceIguard uprightness of thethe opportunity ef the poUcy it advises you to folopposed bylonger empoweredotiier resourcethantoassembleParliament. Wedid,but I cuuldmatedbythegenerouswords which were addressedto rallyso as to The Minister for the Colo-to Uie wis-New-"iork,also united support.entitledB^ii^f'''"".apresident;ascendancy. I think the to various suggestions that had been thrownHon.F. F. Blair'sRejatnder to Jadge;Igreatconstitutional principles, and in this[Prolongedapplause.] Fortherest,gentiemen,CortoHfirm;,^_ .-^ctsany one else, wlUiCould I, ought I, to have prevented tlWB TTBI QUKBTIOHOrBOMC.a witnessI.fall of the Govemasent of N^des ttrengthaui into prove that he Is charge, (DtnWLis) gaOtftrt tk* conmctmt tkttt Kingt atti GtvtnmtntM hudd tktir tknmea on the lovt and esreem of lie. The new Government in the Two wasinaoguratadinmyname. ButsomeofDoubts were started, exidanatl<ms were asked upontwo painful, but delicate subjects—Rome and Venice. our accounts from Venetia point to a formidable con- IcouldintranchmyselfbehindreasonsofState,and densWltaofAustrianforcesonthefinontierofthePoTHESIBVNION PI.OT.of a gross and 'willful falsehood, and I caa prodoeeftemost conclusive evidence to prsva It him. I npon«siiMed lest it shonld not in appreheasianinrs,he (Docolas) saidone npon the in••ty respect well Interpret that policy which i«my HasM. It was fearad tbroos^out;wttfc aeeoidsaea wUli and suggastioBS, tad ta ftr-iMjiiiiiiili il fajrTfO^ that ladyr the sbad»of a gioilous popolanty, of•liig-tried banes^, a faction shonld muster whichtoilreadytosacitfcethe forthcomingtriumphoftheasBdnal canse to the chimeras of its ambitious tenati-sisB. All Italians turned to me, that I might averttUs danger. It was my duty to do It, because in thepresent«awrgeBcyit wouldbenomoderation,nowisdom, but weakness snd imprudence, not to.takewith a strou band the diieenon of that national matter for a Minister to have to give his movement, for which I am responsible before Eu-rope. IhavesentmysoldiersintotheMarchesandCmbria, and scattered that ill-eorted mob of people ofaUnationsandtongueswhichhadgatheredthereasa name,musthavecertainfixedpoints,whichmaybe,soPeople of Southern Italy!charge aggressors, bat state «^-tcountry to strengthen public order. I do not come to impose my will upon you, but to see thatbeingthe Breckinridge men were vletorioas. Theyourcooatemation prevailed among the members of yours is respected. You will be called freely toTurin in of thefoOee alarm was sounded, and the firemen called out toput to the popu- 91 Cavena's famous in the Sardinian Cham- bers, on the bill, passed by an immense majority, toaimex the Pontifical States and the two SiciUes toMr. Hsbbs, the famous of the speech, that itor a principle in pMlotophical confroversy, a starting-was, and ever will be, to prevent extraneous elementsmeddling with the solution of tills questionnottheswordalonethat is toforces must aid in the solutionmoralforces uponwliich wecanand mustreckon? I know that here Ifrom the banks of the Rhine;he wiU assist at theDI8TSICT.the Piedmontese Kingdom. The London Times says ""and what are the War. The agitation in Hungary causes more uneasi- clear that the President lacks the moral courage toof locks, is now about to return to his nativecosntry. Since the death of Mr. Asbut, bis partner, cause. It supplies, like a base of military operationsepenerMr. Hem has disposed of Ms Interest in the business. and retnms to America with an unhletnlshed reputa- ti«aforintegrityandbnstness-likea^titdie.'but as honorable have gentiemenThe Firstthe Counties of Suffolk, Queens and Richmond, withword to yon, people of Southern Italy, who, havingto some extent that when the Ministersurged appealcharge preferringby completely squelchkingdom.less privileges, the monks may have diminished In number, but true religion has more control over the minds and souls of our people than at the time when,speakersto be held last evening at Flushing, and the Wito-name changed the State, send me deputationslives would have been as ready with dential candidate to another while Mr, Cobb him- and general magnificence, Iinof every class of citizens, magistrates and representa- tives of your municipal bodies, asking to t>e restored to order, blessed with freedom, and united with myto you for your judgment upon tne policy by them fol-lowed, they wished to set the Chamber in judgment,not upon themselves, but upon Gen. Gasibau)!, andby his demeanor and by his words it would seem as if declare that there is at the present day a more lively the Americans, indeed, been able to keep the poUce of disunion and civU war to the transfer of power to themytkaI will tell you by what thought I am guided, and witat is ray consciousness of the duties which a man placed by Providence on an Italian throoe oogfat to fulfill.the honorable memlwr had constituted himself into adefender of the iliustrious General, brought before thebar of this House on his trial. Such, gentiemen, wascertainly not our intention. Far from showing anywant of respect to Gen. Gaaibalsi, by bringing beforethe House the question of confidence, we think wehave paid him the greatest homage that ever could beshown to a citizen. A profound dissent has arisen be- public offices and honors. (Applause.) Those among relieved. The man has met his fate at last by his may peaceablyI ascended the throne after a great national calam-ity. Myfathergavemealoftyexamplebyabdicat-ing the crown to save his own dignity and the free-dom of his people. Chaslsb Albzrt fell sword inkaad, and died in exile. His death associated more Eulbolulsce an Ulustiious Admiral, (Psssaro,) to takehypocritical practice of going to church If^ men to were likely to entail the Americans are now fafrly fident disclaratlons that the Unton beand B<n« the destinies of my femily with those of thethe command of his squadron, he could bearhead, as befell to the lot of other cities, where the bishops well knew howveterately pursued, it may safely be affirmed thatso and sympathizers to live upon tke Public Treasury, lighUy paidwitness to the spirit with which our instruc- Italian people, who for so many centuries have given tions, both official and confidential, given to to all fcoeign lands the bones of their exiles as a liim when he set out for Palermo, were dic- for restoring the inheritance of every nation tated. Not only did the Cabitiet not provoke this God within the same boundaries, and dissent, but they did all in their power to keep It fromnever was so an oufrageeusenormous extent.In a place like Flushing, a procession of 3,000 men,armed with torches, bearing raUs, and in equippedto patent-leather caps and and capes, gilt eagleswhich have I have already stated the outlines of the plan which has been;finally agreed upon, with the approbation of the fair and thepledgejfton^ byI edne^ed myself by that example, and the memory long as it was practicable, but when a public writing,which, we, trust, will not be lostmaytie variousconnection,braaa uttering inspiriting har- accompaitied by the tiearers of and!it will act as a basis of the Italian tion of Europe—trespasson thegroundofphlloe-ground for Italian progress, to which it terlockback,asfromtimeto timeitto diverge from the right path, and require the correc-tions a dozenyears ago,and avow the no rel^ise,two Wards In Kings County, is at presentiipni»eiil»lTHE eUSlS IN hkiii. tion of a master's eye." The Minister commenced his oration with an ezpoeltfon ofhave seen it acknowledged by most impassioned up-difficulty or odium. Waikbb was a thom in the sidehave him incandidate for the next Congress, and the Fnsleaists\ PrsektBatton «r Vlotar Bman^i.holders of CathoUc ideaswe have seen an illustri-of his own Government, as well as in that ofhave him Mr. put up againstEd. H. Sidxb. Mr. £«-TO TBI PIOPUC or SOCTHEBX ITALT.At a solemn moment for the national historywhich has made a great noise, that freedom had beenhighly conducive to the revival of religious spirit Norneed we for the confirmation of this truth go far abroad prevent them. He had sympathizers enough to make fault, which escapes even a reprimand at the hands of had a very respectable demonstration, which arooaad for arguments. We only need look at Itome. I do not him a hard man to meddie with, and the same ruffians a Demdcratic President. Subordinates of Mr. Cobb the supporters of Cabtxb to the importance and neces- hesitate to affirm, gentlemen, that the free Govern-ment established in these Sub-Alpine countries for thelast twelve years is greatiy favorable for the develop-ment of religious feeling. I think I have the right to,him.Theycould neitherpermithisexpeditionsnor'whose treasure they have squandered, is a venialLastThursday eveningtheFunlonists of"Some orators, gentlemen, and especially one and for the destinies of the conutry I address my whom I do not see in his place, Hon. Surio, havewho assaulted an English captain for saving hundreds are dlsinissed on the of one Presi- sity of a counter turnout, which should, its nunAersTBS OIFFEKKNCK WITH OABIBALDI.After some preliminary remarks. Count Si Cavocssaid:;others.disloyalty to Slavery;reignwined together the bond of a common language. the knowledge^of the country. We dissembled it as shall take root in the minds of other inif such therel>e,projectsbynations,thethegags grandwhen a mission to some extent solemn, showed thathesitate in my choice Ijetween a crown and the word his dissent existed, the King's Govei'hment thought wiU acknowledge that the august Pontlfi' who is ataf- by the gallant Wide-we were concerned a-dissent between the Director of the Two Sicilies and the Ministry, and not only had we endeavored to avoid it, but also strove in order that the breach mightthe opening of the present century the most famous warrior of modern times disregarded the opinions of the people of Europe, and, notwithstanding his extra-ready exchange placepatrioticbyleadingview of the present great complications In the Euro-simplytenderwithout hes- itation, the voice of the hlgh-mindeu Sovereign, and continued to hold office, hoping that the dreaded dis-Indepei.dent nationCleans of wbleh we may dispose, in its conviction that we arc unable alone to accomplish so great aunation tlian those evU oneshe soonon the wrong track, and fell backthe conversation with Mr. Lacrzx to theyour vote, conciliatiinwhichwehavewith statements of the Governmentconceivesin its that it is difficult,T, ,''f"e^"l. net in ourtocontributeinanygreatdegreetoitssuccess. TheOBSERVER. ISesMr.W.l»nfor.h^ Mi'V'?'^'*'"''' '^rh=,Jw.tion should beand theMinisternot ««> '» fom'^ofnrtociples. Itis t^'only byourpolitical friends,to find ani- To begin with, I, for my part, reason ofw familiar andpleasant ay between friends, gradually ^,'°. ?,!iffi^ '^'^ °.In France, not only in righteous Eng- declaresthem a vote ) provinces of the itingdom of ?I Sdifdrtn^ot? .thinLk"V,it«'m"y ^"' to my discourse,'tlons which were askedG Ctiambers. Tne duringthin^titSSTldayISnotfarofwhenthegreatmajorityofermanywill florins,IndependenUyof2,000,000forthe—Breckinridge and Daa«laa Parades First, on Uie "talorand of my peo- of probaUnty, I think It strange that, in order to ^ofUmbiia wd (0>ilH|tl4bnfllutlon of territory, one may wish to pro-mtsm Wkflatter myself with havingHeof Oi« BuUelin relative to the alleged compUclty(who reported Assistant-Secretarywith great wlio endeavor to part men who emphasis)have for many years worked together for the triumph ofthenationalcause. [Applause.] ifyougrantus— march into My troopsthe of King Vioroa Ehahozl has pole-starFARINI.maybe able to find the xwhich you seek. war,will beparticularly reprobated. But the Pms- deny tht^tMr. Cobb wasopposedto disunionten yearsof ay fother was my guardian star. 1 could never1 httd given. I strengthened freedom in an epoch that this was a sufficiently serious circumstance to the head of our religion rnaj/ exercise his office in afar Tlieentail upon them the duty of referring to Parliamentas it developed itself, it should take root in the the question whether that dissent modified the judg- the love andmanners of the people, for I could never hartmr anyor suspicion of wliat was dear to my people. pecting our policy. Such a proceeding, I ttiink, far Jended by 2b,0^iO foreign bayonets. [Applause.]jealousy THEfreedom in Piedmont I religiously re- from being injurious, is iilghty honorable to Gen. Gak- qCESTION OF VENICE.followingtelegramsnot fovorable to freedom, and I wished tliat, verymore and manntrhe bebe aback upon some one of the rejected schemes.It was suggested nearly a year ago in atonjounial,whichwasthenindifferentiiandsfromthose which now control It, that the South nouid de- Battalion and escorted to the landing, at which pointmand of the Southern members of the Cabinet, in the event of the election of a Republican President, thatacquired increased firmness and ex seems to have been abandoned, or ratlierthe Conference at Coblentz, and by the modifici,of views which then took be- and wh^n last discussed, the idea was thut the Cabi-the Catholic religion should be respected, but also thatof the Government t It would have been a danger-they should peremptorilyto surrender the de- *'every man should be free mthe sanctuary o/" his otonticlethe Interview atupon Coblentz,in which itsays;Black Republican hands." According to the journal in question, wliich seemed to speak by authority, these fuucUonariesthe wharf— hugebonfires, made fromupthe aUes,condition ; and, byopenly resisted that obstinate and scheming faction which boasts to be the only friend and guardian of the Throne, but which alms at ruling in the name ofstren^heningexisted tietweencivil authority, Iour opponents for not consulting Parliament in" The cordial relations which haveEngland and Prussia will continue to exist, if the two countries do not misunderstand theirment by them pronounced a few months ijefore res-Masbid, Wednesday, Oct. 17.On the arrival of the Queen at a Madrid, to-day,;tween the statesmen of tiie two countiies in net of Mr. BccuAKAH shouldThemay ever af- may be temptedamount oforpublic partisanservices could save theby Hon. L. C. Cabtib, an old New-York a merchant,Bypreserving XBALni. ['Bravo!']spected the heritage which the prophetic nund of my Mulsters have done ? Take no notice of this dis- deep our afiisclion may be to this iUustrious martyr, shoot her. Thethey were welcomed by the Wide-Awake Flushing.to say, the bearing by which to steer his course, choosing or changing the means to this end accordoinnlgy to events, but always keeping in view those points which are to be his gnidanc^ During the last 12yearsbeen the principle of national independence. What tnU this star be with respect to Rome ? [Movement of attention.) Our star, gentiemen, will dfrect us to lookthe EternalucfeKnitnuries have accCuimtuy,lautpeodnalwlhict five and twentyand have overdone the matter.this demand an answer worthy of the descend-apoogiveants of Pnaax Catfohi.[Long and load an>lau9e.]suspense by Congress Warsaw, The Emperor of Hasala startles them by thethreatenedrecallofhisMinisterfromTnrln. Allkeep sUent. I could say to the House,Since 'we sad the Mindo, backed by a stiU more dread reserveWaaUactaanor BreeUmidge pa-char^ss baaed npoa wiAourselves wiUi the contingencies of a distantTwo of Trsviso. theVictob BHAmnLnor did I commonlcaiabusymorrow ?" Bm, genttemen, this Ls the age offrom Vdlne and Falmanova to dMsloss which were to followmf sible for ttie feet reaaea-publici- I think it best that Goremments and ParliamentsKingto Nmles are made to travelsubject, except his own views;I acknowledge that a statesman, to be worthy of the11,1800.;Congressional District, which inclodes^LnJ ; J --mt- ches. It was evident that if those Provmces^ ««re «nly restrained by the arms of foreign g- did not obtain the security of that civilisednationality, the comer-stone of our political edifice, shown Itself in the southern provinces, and which, if men can never be invoked for the cession of a portion of It were allowed ftinher devefopment, might perhaps go round and retail what they pretend was:our territory It could not be invoked in coiulderaUon render impossible Uie greatest, the most magnani- a private conversation, furnishing it to tbeaf immense sacrifices in men and money. Let the an- mous enterprise that a nation may accomplish. [Re- VARIOUS PARTY DEMONSTRATIONS. Breckinridge and RepubUcan papers, and saying, at nexation be made, and this demand would no longer peated salvoes of thundering appiause."] the same time, that if I wUl release fliem £nom their be made to a people of 3,040,000 (with warmth) ; butit would be made to the great Italian nation, a com- Tke Attitado af Anatria, Haaala ud Praseis. RatifiocUoD Meetings of the Repnbli- obligations of honor perhaps they will qieak oot Mr.sion of any part of Italy wiU become impossible; let yon will give an unanimous vote in favor of tola pres- MSmmeot which I proposed, they would sooner Ds make the annexation, and the precedent of the ent bill ; this vote will have no little weight on the irfiler break Into revolution. Neither will I re- freaty of the Mth of March will never be quoted councils of Europe, and, by Its immense aShority, itMSKeoDunsels given for many years by the Powers against us ; for, gentiemen, the great principle of willsUfie in its rise that germ of discord which has PLANS OF THE SOUTHERN DiSUNIONISTS. men to swear to It, and that theseSttw FianiHAiislof Naples. The judgment which vfaronounced against his Government at the FMb Congress naturally prepared the petxdefor a" — eUlhe outcry of public opinion ana the efforts lomacyprovedtobeofnoavail. Iofferedthe ' successorofthatKinganallianceforthewariependence. But there also I found soulsclosed ^st all Italian feelings, minds darkened by pw- andobstinacy. ItwasnaturalthattiieeventsIn bem snd Central Italv ihould arouse Ben'sJs in the South. In Sicily the excitement t>rok«Intoopeninsurrection. AAghtbeganforfreedom' when a brave wanlor, devoted to and lily, ItalyGen.Gasisaui—sailedtoitsaid. Theywerepact and strong mass of 23,000,000 freemen. [Loud applause.] Make the aimexation, and evin if the Mrnltttrs were changed, I am confident that the men sitting upon these benches, no matter to what part o theChamberorofthecountrytheybelongedto,wouldOorrtspondenct tf tU Tmu:TDsm, Saturday, Oct 13, 1600.caiis, tbe Demooratc, and the Union Men.SPEECHES, PROCESSIONS AND ENTHUSIASM.Blaib said that if Mr. Douslas intended to imply ftom theabova langtiage that I (Blam) erer sought a pri-"agree upon what is before us to-day, why should we marching across the Alps and qnartered in echelonsBffTeet inthe Seecaaian Sekeaes—PaaMaa af the Frcaldea»—Tka Tariaaa Piwieeta af DU« aalaa—FareigBTatarsfarNaw-Tark.^ Tram Oar Own Oorreapondeat. WasBiaeToa,Tuesday,Oct.30, 1860.OB hislAoiikl speak out. [Hear.] Here I must begin by ez- forced marches, to the threatmied lands of thety.ivessing my sattsfoction that on the practical ques-progress.£mi^ An attaok by Atutrte npon Milan ar Bo-ward his own wishes. I am not eventfon—on the present question, we are all agreedif 1 weU understood Hon. M. RMaou, who ques-tioned me aMot Some, I think that ha «Ibo argees an attackthat It is neilker opfonutu nor koitetl tu go ta Mmne so less Russia reassured her from all Umg am tkMtitf/ is occupied by French troops, Gen- of her disaffected and almostthat the substaaca of the letter OsAiiBbo-vbwasbnutedaboutandmadepoh-tiemen, this is a question of the future,.It is a sertouayetProvinces.have monomania seemed as If it gave him a license toopinion ss to gretU tutore contlngendeshave had the imprudence to reveal, gives great an-Ualvillifyonly good act he had done.; as,m the chillofIforambar,lawhat means w& intended to to this end, I last violation of the law of nations was not more fla- could I wUl answer when employ than thein whastacyondition Italy andEuryopuelwielflorbehsainxdmtonUtmhes ngoratnwtithdrawitfsoMrimneirs.ter;ThitewilClabmienerteloyfcrBietrildiine-twhieU henceville, says that Senator Gxiih made a speech there yesterday, in which be declared that but lor Mr.I fear that fact of theVICTOR EMMANUEL. neither you nor any diplomatic mathematician of neighboring Sovereigiu without a declaration of Lmcoui's election, admits it.special means,notproblem—Kingof Sardinia invaded the States havingCongressional protectionwliich had preserved its military traditions un- not widen. Truly, gentiemen, in the last days in after a few years' reign feU miserably, never to rise the views and of If he shall acquiesce all wiU be well, and the South off and took the place assigned them In the procession.army,der the tri-color, raised Piodmont to the rank of siandaid-bearer and arm of Italy. The strength ofwhen the Dictator was still far from Naples, again, under the combined efibrts of Europe. In tween opinions England and Prus-:There were many interes-ting and patrioticAugust, sia on the great and important questions of the day." will consent to be governed by a Republican Presi-some of which transpa- caused considerablewhen this dissent was not yet certain, though proba- times nearer to us another Emperor, who alsoble, tlie Ministers considered its possibility, and the reckoned ills soldiers by hundreds of thousands— The article thus concludesthedent, with a Democratic Slavery-propagating merriment. A very large and complete model of awas not the result of the arts of a clan-de!>tlne policy, but of the open influence of ideas and consequences such a dissension might nave. We inferior in valor to no other soldiers this Em- While the Warsaw Interview is a proof of the Cabinet If the President should presume to remove steamer, withof public opinion. I was thus enabled to maintain in then came to Uie unanimous resolution to inform the peror would not listen to the remonstrances of good understanding of Prussia with her Eastern these modest patriots, then the Democratic majority tion, and holding several handkerchief-waving young that part of the Italian people which was united un- Crown that the news we received from the camp other Powers, and thought he could at his neighbors, the happy results of the interview at Co- w ladies, formed a noticeable feature in the ranks of the der my sceptre the notion of a national leadership, brought us the painful certainty that the men, own pleasure settle his differences with the Otto- blentz prove that Prussia understands how to culti- in the Senate 111 refose to confirm the Republican Whitestone delegation.my monarchy—" wheels andwalking-beam in full opera-There is not a little in thevate Interview with himupon poHtleal saltjeets, andof the limes to The Northern Powers keep them in their atperplexandUepctUeampa-signs disquiet Italian patriots.fttmlshed K to the and Breckinridgepers, wttti charges against falm, (Doeaus,) baaadthat conversation, and sought to have nyself mUM asaatialpated by m«a >u|19tllT to give «aj to Idle apprehensllms, M WMdi Anstria could never venture un-fogna.daysof B.11c.assailed thedanger insurgentCorrespondence of the Times.Bbbuh, Oct. Thursday,part Sannolaaptot, which prominent Treasury officials, whoenjoy the intimacy and confidence of the Secretary, said what I have except that his (Douslas') Presidea-I am assured that M. in a memorandum ad- Cavoob,dressed to the great Powers, has endeavored to justifynoyance to that dignitary and his satellites.Tney areslander those who encouraged him fcr thethe invasion of theNeapolitanStatesby Piedmonteseto suspect thatThey fiiid that the attempt to frighten thethe support of the nominees of the disunion faction by threats of secession, is having au effect the very oppo- site of what was Intended; and the lame attempt iswretohetl defence, so far from exculpating him from the charge ofaiding and abetting in the treasonable conspiracy to dissolve the Union in the event of Mr.troops, but this document of the Sardinian Govern-ment will not convince any of the Courts, and the re-plies to be made to it will express blame on the con-duct porsoed by the King of Sardinia. The Emperorof KusEls, whose Minister was afready to have quittedplace be- the latter were dispersing from The published accoimts theancdonwsheoqurenmcaeined at invasion of the Pontifical now hispostonlybecausethemade to reinstatedestined to become the splendid capital of eur Italian Pmssisn Government had resolved not to withdraw Treasury in the public confidence, by calling to mind vailed for a but no snlonsaccompaniedbytheMinisterofTai^hUskc Kingably to the eipresMon of Hon. M. man Pow—er. Well, this great potentate liad soon vate the hlgitiy important interests by wltich site is appointees whom he may name as their successors. Headed by the Flashing Rail- splitters, the longhislittleestimationof boundtoEBgland." mony of the severed provinces in one single nation. Chiavxs, poured gall and vinegar upon the to repent bitterly to repent—Theresultwillbeadead-lock,andthecountrywill linemarchedthroughtheprincipalstreetsofthetown cease to have a Government. This may be cheering, huzzaing and dnging—causldg tbe wbdeItaly was able to understand my conception when sore heart of the Illustrious General,' had far greater she beheld my soldiers sent into Ufe fields of the Cri- influence than those deserving citizens, alihaUghthe interests and opinions of Europe. We might wellfear ttiat the same and worse might happen to us, if,trusting our right and our means only we shonld pay The Herald's Paris correspondent states that the designated as the choking- off plan, whicli ought to be to open wide their eyes and ears, and to wonder irtiat DO attention to the advice and suggestions of Europe. departure of additional troops for Rome has been patented for its ingenuity. and H ho they were, not only —but where in the name But, gentlemen, we are asked, how, then, will you suspended. The Second Division of the Army of .\nother plan is to break up in a row, a la Tam- of common sense they all came from.solve the Venetian question ? In a very simple man- Lyons has received a countermand, but has been many Hall, at the meeting of Congress. The South- The demonstration was a decided success. Theobeyed,sent would not ooze out. But it became matter of undertaking. This opinion, it is fur vs to rectify ; letbuttivelv to the speakers, who clearly and spiritadly enunciated the principles of tbe Republican Party,then will European to change his advisers, a grievous and, I would say, opinion be modified, and light wUl shine on these mortal wound would be dealt to the Constitutional European Lib; rals who are perplexed and reluctantent conditionsNaples, he is also here a citizen who lias sworn to Austrian dominion. Tlus idea Is, however, waning Com the Constitution, as we did. [Hear.j As we were no fast. Vtnetia cannot be reconciled with the Austrian fine.;is steady at Monday's prices. The weather isto our office, we had no resignEmpire. No concession, no favor, nosustained, althoughNew-Y'ork. That State is their last hope. They have the Impudence topossible arrange- ment, can induce the Venetians to give up those so under conviction that, far from widening the aspirations wldch urge them towards the great Italianbreach, and rendering it inseoarable, It was. the only family. If this was frue in past times, how much out idteration.aad the be over-estimated. Too often this business was leftmeans ofputting an end to it.you, gentlemen, to reveal the existence of that differ-ence, and calling for a vote of the Chamber, not uponGen. Gasibaliii's conduct, but upon our policy, we to the mass. 1'he stronger and more"" tristtsaw he wasonhissystemofrepression. Norcan1blamehimfor it. So long as the Empire must needs keep Venice, anirresistiblefatalitydrivesittomeasuresofcoerciony^rec^veGaeibalsi, showing day proposed by your Commission,and with as ilttie danger as practictble. Theof theissue of veracity between them, but merely•ppear powerlessstance of the natiooal movement, but it assumed new poiiiung to him your vote of confidence, we shall ask macy that setUes the destinies of the peopleheartt,party speaking would be mostwill tell yolwhire you do'nol rneeches or declarations of anyfind It-^t is not intte'° a ""*=" from ^"ds sincere counsels, resdvlng, the Hon. M. F«EAE.-U,at byWStf^m^no*^ counsels were vain, I would pose ourselves to tlie cession of ottier parts of ItalyI^MH-RtNirblcb thefr blindness would liave to a probable contmgency. I shaU not here reoeat the be accomplished, whether by arms or negotiation. It En&oneliT«ocepting the will of Italy. It declarations lately made, that no word occurred aboutSt. Lanis—CoUialaa afthe Faetlans.Si. Loms, Wednesday, Oct. SI.It was distinctly declared ^^^^ ^^ tuUon of tiie States «"«" ,"„fh„e it existed thatL tloftred to the Gmd Dokc of Tos- such a cession, either officially or officiously either iriHow this maywith Itand lill- question was to be lefta^onleto^ institution, flieyadoptingUdsbm we ei^ this comes to pass, gentiemen, we shall soon arrive at encouragement Immigration.;O^ t^, „.direcilyludirectlvlast evening.referred to the—hf^^ is to be elect-;sad ones, spokenitself of Vienna. At ViUafranca the Emperor of Austtia, I doubt not, had a sincere wish to Introduceinto Venetia a conciliatory system, to endeavor bybenificect measures to bring back that morallyBaiADsrorFS firm jj'lour quiet.This he denies, and Uie probabiUties will gotire satisfaction and wiUi eminentcan do nottiing better than to send himguidance to tiiat peaceful popular movement. Thus did Italy rise in the estutnaUon of clviUzed na- tions,anditbecamecleartoallEuroix;thattheItal- ians were fit for self-government.When I aeoepted the aimexation I knew not whatSvimeail diflealties I vras abont to meetnot ISfeaktbe word I had given to the Italiiuis In my to us, not war raoclamation. Those who would charge me whom wewith finpnideace should calmly consider what would njuted theseby feelings, (spoken great arrive at slaveDutch Westmore true will it tie In the future ? Since the moral world, gentiemen, is subject to laws analogous to those of the physical world, attraction is proportionateTiASStiffer terms arepaid,and there aremanyavowingwe actuated the same spirit of and severity. When these truths shall have reached West;the removal of that gentleman andstill, byevinced hitherto, and ani-also, that Mr. misrepresentation. The truth is, that the conversation commenced in ah. ^JSto ask. what were beLet us not, he tha canservaUvebut by those in1 faU into Uiusionsthat diplomatists have no hearts.ifimpossible,all minds and hearts in Europe.they wiU, I tmst, exer- cise a great influence. 1 know that 1 shall be told that;favor.TheLaceit acquitshim of intentional^tT£e ^^eflf ^"^"'.^'^S^tVl^'he wouldmight have expected opponents, by my nies have always had, and stui has,^N..'of iheTepubUcan Party! the^strpugcst run into an excited controversy. This being the state P''!5'='C "^„i..ied 1 im addressingwith warmth,) office, cannot admit tills assertion. (Laughter.) Butbecome of Italy on the day in which monarchy should we shall meet Gen. and him the were it even so, my answer would be, if diplomatists sire tode-I think accomplish. I feel confident that when this truth no^^^_^_of Mr. Sc«nbb or¥hey are not the auUiorized expounders "LS^g^f;Lo.sbon, uWieCdnesday, Oct. 17—3 P. M. and there Is every reason to believe that they have tieen applause. Silence having been restored, he said:present age,measure is necessary, he says, as well for the Interestof the colonies as that of the mother-country, andof the RmubUcanst I;It is thehe will be rejoiced if it should faU to his lotthe opinionone Notlntte person.lendingonly generous attention. The bill is draw-n in conformity if land, but also in noble Germany, where Uberal ideas serious up out in theofduty eive som.. emlana- yearly, daily, acquire greaterthedeliveranceofthatillustriousother works, has left Washington, under orders pubUcfor Fort Jefferson, Florida.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069P. Blaiereturned here yesterday from Marketofto be no interferencew^^f^^her spread intocit}-.Frankan electioneering tour through Pennsylvania nois. He addressed a large crowd in SoulsrdWiU be for Providence alone to decide. Gentiemen,1 have no more to add. I know not whether I may Engineers,tiieGovernment's ioteations, and ofleoncludedonEightkP^gt.'iPkovisions dullLard steaay.(iciBKSTOwn, Wednesday, Oct. 17.isBiiMis.to sustain Ids denial, for he isbut Uie owner of a large amount ofMissouri." It is due to the quiet and respectable man confidence, and he wll uridouMed»<^"!LosDON, Wednesday, Oct. 17.Federal population, without regard to political pretavoees,back, byon VoxThe publicity which has been given to the Dis-union byafter 1 had been partisans of Mr. Docolas, I detainedthe Secretarymay not satlsiy the honorable gentleman who asked tested and withdrawn M. Staoxblbbbs, although the his opposition to disunion ten years ago. This A special dispatch to Ihe RejniUicdn from Boone-[Laughter.] Nevertheless, gentiemen, If I 6an- sian Ambassador will not quit "Turin. German mer- ago and it seems that no one will defend lilm ;that is what the Prussian Government desires toky the same title by which Ninuoh III. holds the Important Speeck of Cannt de CaToar. brhig us to the goal. [Movement of attention.] I avoid. Lord Jomi RcssBU and M. ScHLzmm are The country, therefore, must rest under the shame cession, which was but another name for revohiticm.^latton of the Kingdom of Naples on fbeSlstlnst. bemma» now stand, the question to speech;Warsaw. Hewillbeness in Germany than Italian aflairs.The Fate af Walker. From the London Times.The Americans, to say the truth, ought to be ex- tremely well satisfied with this conclusion of the affair. They are not only well rid of a very trouble-It Is now-RepnbllcanSIeetlB(—Catholic society, thatfreedom is highly favora-frleatto the spread of true religious/eehng, ['* Bravo I") some but are rid of him withoutThis truth 1 feel confident will soon triumph. We subject, they any dismissal from office. With the ruling spirits In the Republicans placed nomination as theirbut treason to the Governmentous writer. In a lucid interval, show Europe, in a book The Federal authorities never knew what to do with whose bonstitution they have sworn to support, and BZBT Suite is also a candidate.of Americantheir atiackson the American Government if tne filU- ;buster hadperishedthroughAmericanagency. Hadself is retained, altiiough avowing his preference forboasting of tbe first one.and sincere religion in PiedmarU than there was twelve their own seas, Walxbb's expeditions could never hands of an opposing political orsanization.years ago. (" True, frue.") The clergy may have hive occurred. He set the proclamations of his Gov- Such is the to President this State, were announced as at ahumiliating position |whlch BucHAKAH has reduced himself by his long habits of submission to Southem'dlctation. It is not surpris- by flatiering a certain liierarchy of the clergy,and the punity. From all the trouble which such proceedings ing tha^ we find in the journals of South Carolina con-quitting this hall recognize the truth of my assertions. taken red-handed on the very scene of his former are wa^auted In Uie assumption that no resistance cltias, who, meeting at FlosUag with delegatlaasservice had not removed from his place in this You may have the confirmation from all the venera- outrages, and, though It was of course Impossihle to wUlbo.;mada by Hr. BDOHAaAa*s Administration to from the several towns and villages n the lefka.tween the General and the Cabinet. [Hear, hear.] We had not provoked tills dissent, and If reasons ofyou who do not lielong to this part of Italy may upon o^'n and from thefr action. He was dissolved before the 4th of March. The Disunlonists 1,X00 Wide-Awake voters from this sad the ad^iMMt deeds, aparternment at defiance, levied his recruits in ofaMetiagevaded despite the American cruisers, and sailed uponlaw,ills piratical voyages vrith perfect unconcern and im-Awakes were invited.The steamer Flushing was chartered for the occa-sion, and arrangements were made for tike a( takingble pastors of this capital, although this diocese hadof religion. (Applause.) When this opinion shall it was now most justiy taken, but every one of his in Washington.not an atits enlighened prelatelet such a looseman again to ranew a career so in- their tnltorous schemes, when he permits their friends round about Jamaica, would swell the line to anexpeditionto reconcile Ae precepts of fi-eedom with the canons for. Walxbb's own life was forfeit long before, and not merely in South Carolina and tlie Gulf States, .butas it soon will, (since the conduct of our army, the behavior of our high-souled sove-followers was released, after a lesson and a warn- Itgenerally prevail,not be out of place, in thiswill havea tendencyconfirm it,) when itingrismg generation, pirates.upon any of filUbusters andof disunion been discussed here as well as further South.preceded by andIiandsheart of modem we feel assured that societies,great majority of enlightened and sincere CaCtholjcsTEUt I.ATE8T NEWS.madetogivebuttons,monies,banners, transparencies and lanterns, is aifare the latest Italians than de- up to the departure of the Fulton;only city, mightWhat, for the rest, could the Proceed to VeneUa. [Profound silence.) However young man, armed with a small pistol, attempted toaugust lather had bequeathed to all Italians. By rep-resentative franchise, by popular education, hy thefreedom of trade and industry, 1 endeavored to in-crease the well-being of rny people. I wished that not share Gen. Garibaldi's opinions as to the policy ImtKissible, because we are not yet organizedpistol, however, missed fire.sent, and go on reckoning that the confidence of Par- liament could not fail them, and that the latter didBsaLiif, Wednesday, Oct 17. The official Prussian Gazette contains a leading ar-from this City. Rail-Splitters, two hundredim- possible, because Europe is against it. 1 know that this argument will not be admitted by those orators who thfrik litUe attention should be paid to the opposi- such a serious emergency. To do away with the tion of other Powers. Yet, gentlemen, I think 1 must dissent there was another means, and it has been sug- discard tliis opinion, and observe that the disregard oflines of uniformedof whom carried bright axes, were drawn^ous course, anc* we would have been reproved bybefore immense piles of flaming tar barrels, lighted up the place for acreswe must acknowledge that it would be impossible at tills present moment to declare war with Austria.Majesty.The man is believed to be insane.Uiey were to receive the vast crowdThe scene at the landing was most picturesque. Two; it was to resign our the opposition of great nations has always proved interests. These mrueltautailolnys have become more true and placed between tl)e Sovereign and the offices, for tiien we should have lost power, but fatal to sovereigns and to people. We have had In- and have deeplythe South was ex-Kings,people the barrier of its intolerant passions.achieved greatness.' Such were his words, and the stances of tremendous catastrophes arising from tills rootedixana gested by Hon. H. Ma;'all,to ofbut It is only faulty^wlth re- want of respect the feeling other nations. Attensionbywere aliveo'clock, the long-expected stpamer, with itsfreight, made her appearance, and wlilie the twnds played, the cannon thundered and the rockets ascend-;refuse partments under their charge intolongwill a Republicans of the District feel greatly elated at the provoke general results of their elTorts.as disclo.-ed lasinight,and do tion we now meet exists not only in the Governments, ment's notice. Naplzs, Tuesday, Oct. 16. liand-to-liand fight on the floors of Congress ; tliey nut hesitate to predict v\ith entire confidence the un-tut, we must avowsuggested,The jjro rt/w. Dictator has resigned, and will leave are to have a crowd of rowdies at their back-, who doubted return of Mr. Cap.tke to tbe House.t\%o causesMinistrylias alsoresigned.tiie Ui.iori,;; it lies in its ignorance of the ing ;fought nobly Inside the unconquered legions ofFrance. The volunteers hastening from all Italianprovinces, from all Italian families, under the Cross At that moment it was no longer in our power fatal germ of discord and dissolution exists The steamship Anglo Saxon, from Qncbec on Uie should' look out for an influx of squatters from all of the meeting. After briefly returning thanks for the of Savoy, showed tiiat all Italy had invested me to tender our resignation, because, gentlemen. among us ; let us constitute a strong State, 6th inst., readied the river art an early hour this morn-with the right of speaking and fighting in her name. 1 repeat It, if the Crown, upon the demand which may not only muster up a formidable armyPolicy pot an end to the war, but not to its effects, of a private man, however liiglily distin- and a considerable navy, but which may rest on thepublic talk, and we had not the means to prevent that. us organize ourselves;let us show that no streets. Liviefool, Wednesday, Oct. 17. Tlie Republicans and Wide-Awakes of your Citywhich went on with thefr development, following the guished and well-deserving of the country, were unanimous consent of the people unswerring logic of events and of popular movement.to-night.will rushThe Northern people and theNorth and youUi, In the meantime, arc expecied to slay at home and atteml to their buaines.-. They are not on tiie bills, and their interference would dciangeBank, from which the foUow- addresses were made. In front, and at either siUe ol the platform was a large area of unbuilded-on land, which was densely-packed by a well-drened,whoing.LATEST M.UIKET.S.quartersticket.patriot.*^ have suddenly disappeared from this city,Il£UABES OF D. D. FIXLD, S»lMr. Fuls, on coming forward, was received withTheGABifiALni desires au Assembly to approve the \ ot-Irlends otpoint w^s never Known before.but, gentlemen, if he is a Dictator in ble to reconcile the people of that province to the is limited, but late rales are fully supported. Spring gandists and their Northern menials are desperate, sent-itives to Congress, or to the State Govern-EALKi is not a General like Gen. Fasti or Gen. Cial- andnobleprovinceofItaly. Theredwellsalsointhe Messrs.KinosfobD&Says'circularssayCongressiohalDIstirnicwthich niM. I acluiowledgc that Gen. Gaeibauii is in dlfi'er- minds of some people the notion that it is still possi- Wheat brings Monday's prices. Business in foreign unheard of frauds and perjuries. The Slavery propa- ordinary election:—majority, and I have no scrupleshameless bribery by which thesales 15,000 bales, of which 5,000 to-dayandenjoyingtherespect session to en- in oneintheThe bill for the aboUUon of Slavery in the DutchUonimportance'^^iL of the RepubUcan Partycompaniedarguments°o'ur%^S.o.«,Ikdies. IndieshasbeenlaidlieforetheChamt^ers,ac- denieshavingof thedone so with thethatheofed who is to bf"P'J^j ^ng tiie Cov- tonotform a sufficient majority.differing opinionseffected his solemn mtention ofemancipation ar>esyyas pos-1 could have had no reason to raise an '"'''i.„fold Oueens. The commoatsmade byora-are. to the main, unjustcost of is estimated at emancipationCspt. Montgomery C. Meigs, of the Corps ofBon ofextensionthe seat of tJov- removed aU your doubts, emment for several years past, superintending thewho has been on duty at'"Via whom f venerate but, setting aside the question of fact to come to that and persuaded all the members of the House of the Capitol Extension, the Washington Aqueduct, and DocoLAS here, and his (Dodolas') reply to questionslAnalg^^^^g^_^ ^^U.lntitoledDowcument:EagliehIW be found, and only sSverr. in here^Oie "e^°l "^they riiayprocessions last night, and a collision tookrefuse totheir resignations to the Republican President, aniin,Queeri.*; Courity Savings liig" "rencies inline,af tke Kcrelmtiaa of never furnished the Republican orthe unless his Confederacy,toshall succeed in the defeat of Mr. Lincoln.of "Democ|atic Party the^e can be no higher crime thanand aHenry Clay Whig, good, substantial man. Thedaring[assaUantSouthern rights"fromInstantreceived Treasur> officialsbut as Uiat may not work well inappearance Awakes last night was asightof which notwould hold on main force byaround— rockets shootingpierced to announced toandpected to rally in arms to their support. This schemepeopleintotween themtheir club-room.Douglas men with theWashing-As the delegations from the*' various towns arrived.Kna, DAvm D. Fibu>, F. Kapp -and Oao. O. Bauawi, ofRoblbt B. Pabsohs, Esq., was anminted President who will to New-York to vote the Fusion hQnor, he introduced D. Duslit Fibls.go1 am Informed that some eight hundred Irishwill at no of ment, it would be worthy of your most earn- and scruple depth corruption whichbusiness isCoFFii—Transactions are few, but rates are with- say that the City may be carried by sixty thousand to keep the Government on the right track, coold notbe to defeat Lincoln in necessary:and confidence of tiie wholethat tbelikely to know what he felt, thought and said.Infoul vn ork is to be ac-onlyWhen asked and snlweqnentiy,sayinganythingaboutthematter. IshonldnotandThe Douglas men and Biecklnildge men had laigasons to frameto watch theXssembly isfullyjustasRatlfleattanProeesalon— Speeeltea by Haa. Q. A, Grawi D. D. Fieldj Es-Gar. mm|nir. Bellaws.Galsbba a. Gbow, of Gov. Peims^vania,cannonand near, that the Republicans of Queensandboomingfmr and wideawake. At lOJitopurpose securing emmentforfo""c^hanged-"h^.^^l.-JSIe^j,as&c. canParty. 'hatSqI^a'«IrfyLo^^^ilaA-of New-Y'orkIf this were anto theare now calledgress whom you can support with confidence pride, Mr. Cabtxb, a genUeman living in your mldif,you were tochooserepie-excitament pia-Flushing www.fultonhistory.com 