 — The YearUAJf GiBsoa, of Bfelfut. Istkethat this, law applfod m the mattar hei*vniLnraoLi,M)<(ll^Wfcl1 h levlTalthe demorillTittrm and lawlessnessfaiMtAbmtmaS)of theimpendingofthednetsty (tataauntmasterac^g cruisingMaw-ToBZ, Jnae «, UHl Grand Jury have hadfaader eeaiddanlkm &»aace tharewith.;couldn'ttell whoshippedmutersthere an abnaea en toe part of presume are not authorized by toeirlag —popularNone of these bodies trans-appoint; several were presei^ when I shipped four of thoee defendantsia thewith the by-laws he wouldBxcaiB to prepare and read to the Academy a me- moiroftthelateDr.Isaacs. Dr.VabBanaiHstated that whUe he would not shrink from the duty, yet he;SxpedWon testnciioo.By()ney College, that institution.but JobbT.Vboom,Esq.,outsiders managed tohopedthat some oneelse,bettercapable than hetold the night before lb. Mahr said lie wouldcure toe collection ofTei troo, wfaiohthisoOeebm^Mciation would notrepresentatives asW. J. Skillman, N. J., Force of Character. 8. Ayres, N. J., Spirit of lodependence.LsoBAas,at Ckaaa-sionary Society.Theonly endproposedThecounseL Theccmpleteof haid and soft rubber, flts closely to the parts with- Manuel; Brlnga. There was a clearance from New- alternative. The prisoaer must be isauuded. It wasders none of itsrights by makingit, and shall besubscriptions ^^^^J. Ross, Jr., N. J., DecUne of the archy.SpanishJMtTbe usual leveeeditkm(themeeting called in to attend the BrooklynAt aav ooel, and at aU hazaida. ezlstiaalaws«irIowa, ku iaten the tronbla to write an ot^er than their own. Tbeur wishes in this re-DooUless the exercise they get ia rowing g{t«a fhsn "^LAIWr REPORTS.TBB 8I.ATB TKADB.•fttaskaileeasnlrsMapahUa-beaBIl,Mmmerea, or for tte fjnsflea, or tbe due adminiatrstiaa of the lawe.Sav shaUbegnlityof a mlwieaMaaof." UwoSSTesS, spectregtnlari^ IM » 'vrill be madeSB (br Latin and appeUte^nainteJ «h& that region will find something toiBterest i^a^ im Hi. Wuxix's book. (toss. IlUOI that the visit to thia country may lead to theirconversioii, aad the aahration of the strange peo pie thtyiepTaseiit."joeait,^^"u "A Co., DiVe^ort.)FrellBakayaea—litteiwry Becledea aad tke Alaaal.} J•ae« af tSku Srlg ralaeaik^^Grae«, aof the re- Hcion* icTiTsl in Ii«iaad in 18S9,. by Ber. Wil-ofhiatoryThe " National Edition" is gain-favw.just cited.!, I depatleeLWiiwhich are practiced ««^ upon foreignerssonsunacqnatotedvrtihoarUwa.On toe otoer hand thdr to appearsis a small yamfUet, compiled ttom the record of Fulbt's;BumsandThomas I ;Japan and the Japanesebusiness.A letter to the Observer, from Hampdenaddresson Individuality."The annual meetings of the two Literary Societies;:time I did, viz Martin, King,and other authentic sources, and in-tendedtomeetthecurrentdemandforJapanese noticesapowerfulrevivalwhichisinprogressatTuesday. Theae So-by F. A. Brjldt, No.—We have received firom Lko!i.iju> Scott & meetings for prayer and conference still continueJerseyCity, ad. Coaaiucs Wslls,Matir took us over to the paperslailltta, tksip^ileIt is Ann-street.publishedMore than professiontwentystudents have;made a C*. the June number of BlaektBOod, and the Edin- to be crowded.of and the religion,Pliilocleans,etvof collection.The Grand Jury present this ageaey aa adearInEastfait.af "Capt. Bpixi's Adventures in Somali churches are in course of erectiontwonew First Reformed Dutch Church. His subject wastwrfktoA Land" appearsttte articles tbe Captain before never saw any other person con-—in thia number of BUchoood.to my Itnowledge ;nected with the vessel before, to my knowledgeW.A. JPat\f»deT,publishedThe First Uni-Church day. The Societies were respectively represented by (our members, each oftradingvoyageBonoin.North British Beviews. The secondLiberty,Pittsburg, Pa.," its influence onLanguage— the indlvldaal, and thereflex influence of the Individual ob language Itself." TAe address was well received.The Anniversary 01 the PhUoclean and Pheithesao-Before the adjournment Dr. Vab BioaiH statedCoast or Africathe other menTovmsBicD &Co. havephlan Societies was celebrated In the sametions for the memory.purposeoferectingamonument to his; to thethe uniform with their new edition of levels. Theillustrationsarepeculiarlydidn't ship for sny other than a CoastJuxisBicnoa ot thx spicialThe PeovU vs. John Voasu.—TheDoane, waa' arrested to one of the Foiii£«s«aaa cara, charged wlto plefctag hia aalghbor'B peeMI effttfer"*lae aad striking.BELI6IOU8.Kotiea of Belisloiu MoTemeBt*. Xkaoontestbetween the Independent andfi?e«ajifii».aadllawSclioolFieabyteriana respectively,tive to the Home Missionary Society, loses none delphia. Pa. The Berean Baptist Church in Westaveraaathe that it upon groundWitness—Thequestionwasagato:putandObjecttonamade •4. Uponbetogapprehended,hethrewdawaflhethe argana of the Congregationalists$20,000. OnenewMethodistChurchhasjastbeen mtncementottheservices.;couldnt toll whocharge of toe prisoaer, he not having beaansaMt ~The Staageiitt surrenders nearly thePhUadelphisThe Free and United Presbyterian Synoda ofspokeMr. Sedgwick opposed toe preaeat matten fe 4to- charge, clttog "toe recent act or toe I**nglrtslnia iMk- ingthetaUng fromtoeperson"of oneeeat"afel-ot its vigor.whole of its editorial space to this topic.Bogardus.N. ,Y., English Salutatory. Pniloaophical Oratioo.N. H. It does not wonder that thetained that a union between the two bodies wouldpaperfor a conference should meet with dislike on the part•f thesejudieiauawasresolution finally adopted;toeyMr. Howe contended toat If toehad DO jurlsdIctloB. toey oonld not send ap fta aana, but should have toefor " it might chance that some and tair-minded fnends of peace wouldMartin told me didn't say who shipped himshall beJ. P. Bailey, N. Veneration for Relics. J.,A. M. Bisbop, N. J., Local Associations.J. W. Beardeley, Conn,, High Life Under Modern Improvements.dia-rubber, in 1820, but which failed fromfirst, but of a more perlect material, ana with consid- which were tbe salts, flax seed, Ac. In the bill of111Evangelistabjures the idea that itA. J. N. Hageman, J., Lerable success. The one now exhibited is"lading thece are called merchandise,"is soiicitous for the Conference. Theove of Novelty. ••composedshipped byappointeatopped from bo ulterior measure which, in suchtates It under the control of the muscles In adjacentall Its functions. It opens and closes the nasal pas-sages, expands and contracts with perfect freedom Brlnga. The Register issued 26th March, 1860, to todirectthesoundsoutonspeakingandthefood FrancisRecery^butthelatternameindittlnetlywrit- back on entering, so that not even any drops of liquid ten, showing that the register was made out by thea may seem to require. AF. H. Bogardus, N. Y., Gold.C. R. Goodwin, Ga., Estimation of Character.D. Vermilye, N. Y., Valedictory Addresses,The oratioss were generally short, senaible, and inBrevery and a charter party between him and DanielAnibon aad Aetaza. PBITILEOIDPITBUCATIOHB.janeture, dutystrong point is made of the action recently taken by the Btate Association of Illinois, which indoraes theThe new house of worship of the Washing-the same course toward this Association which it does toward the other Presbytery, in refusing to extend it, and be-medals, worth in the aggregate about (80, were The lecture-room of the Warren-street M. awarded to Mr. VsaiiiLYE, the valedictorian, as re-propositionthat understandingwere going after slaves, and stilpped with toat un-with the matter of subjectmonly in the congenital cases ofY. A. Williams, Conn., Fixed Principles of Action. bare lip and fissuied palate, or more rarely when lostthoroughly acquaintedthe isaues involved, as ia the Committee whichdeficiency,at inwould act for theAss^bly,that the New-York Associa- teachers of Massachusetts, isJ. T. Field, N. J., Patriotism.D. A. WUllamson, N, Mlrabeau. J.,by disease, enablingthe sufferer both to talkcomfortably. The first attempt a discharge unless the captain paid $45, or three;and that toe Spedai Besiioae hatrela-N. and another in Pliila- J.;present;the;toe Special Sessions, where It wasFirst,Canada have been in session at Hamilton, C. W., and tne Congregational Journal of Concord, during the past week. Strong hopes were enter-he knew it but did not say how he knew it ;never ony. Mr. Sedgwick concluded that there was aewit gr^ples virith the Congregationalist of Bostonsaid anything moresaid the sameand aget upon the Committee. The idea tliat the Asso- to be but little doubt that it will then be accom-Sped^ Saateaa discharged prisoaer.joninals,andpalates," which shall supply the loss ofanother place the Evangelist, looking forward toa cessation ai cooperation between these two de- noaiinatioDs, so far as tliia Society is concerned, at P. M.7iBev. C. C. G098 will conduct the services in theTheing clergymenWitt, Rev.Rev. A. EUnendorf, and Rev. W. H. Horablower.of testi- mony, taken by a Commissioner in Vera Cruz, wasunder way firstwhich shall be made of the funds. It calls attention to the fact that large legaciea have been left to the Society by Presbyte-; I General Mircmum and Motoium these steamships near Vera Cruxdiacuases the;I know beganit asMl. Boerclcanltequityin the bay of Anton Llzardotoe was captureC. then hadthis was the day previous to fherer;dispositionundersome things which I do notthe wltoessto playtoe defendantit $100,000. For Congregationalists to claim these legacies the Evangelist thinks would look like stealing &om dead men's graves, and it is authorized to say that tha Executive Committee of the Society recognizes " the obvious rule ofYork City, closed the exercises.As soon as the andiease had separated, the Trus- a shot wss fired from the Castle of San Juan; no greoaudnwday inslile of five minutes before she didplay.made that toe defoadaat^akewill beto proselyte them whUa tbey are here. But theirGreek as well as for oat- It was nmaaked, Botlo««a«0,prscencewiU of Chriatiaas awaken the prayersCeUesea*'The Btm^eUst pablishes a letter written by HeiyJ'oBU B, M'Docoai.l, a member of the Free Boaton. It is an elaborate record of the Chnreh of Scotland, dated Pomaret, Vaudois Tal-Nsw-BanaswrcK, N. J., Wednesday, June 20, 1860.o.jtS?!^?.'".'^'"^ »»*•*«>?baL-dSTforoelty.was resnoud yesterday before Commissioner Baise-Bei<atauaeDes,mtli|hkt restore oarmaeldMrv of maattolliBarai^eaidltlan.tttat has occutndln any Tears, and afUl be welcome to the religiousLieut. Attat recalled aad eross-ezsalasdleftpublishedThe exercisesley. May 18, which announces the fact that the 'mesceaeBt of Rutgers College, began on Sundayat Po-WoreesfcrwtUglve country. TheLeader fromgrand regatta^Itlsfaitb«d«»«»thepuj[>Uc to direct attaatfoa tebr Ooi'U) ftSSi^-maNew-Yors, woa muchHAB, the captain, Letaiss, Um mates and six of the,'and It is:intheeTamlnaHonmadeon publicexhtoltloiabytoeoroprletorsofSoadn board of her while Id port, all the qoeetteae I asked uea and Beer Gaideaa. Mot oaly have tkay Cwere wasnotoa toelaw,buteventoelojunctkaisofCourts answered; BeWitt, the witness,last with ainbUc An iBtredtiction is famished by Bev. maret, one of iu largest villages, resolved to trans- BowaaB Cbobbt, D. D. His discourse was basel on Baao* Brow, the American Editor of the work. fer their Theological Seminary from La Tuur, Qie text found In Secoad Peter, 111, It. It was an el-.thwatTthhe"J, '.'"*,?"•Summer,expectedl the port ol Potto Praya before the Fday of rest and'«anh4> H^om aoaaeadraad imr(HlUHmiALOt.. Mew-rork.)areMr. M'DonoALL saysBcBdiDicarPaperaaaArtlOelalUader-Up—tbedayIboardedtheveaaal itwaaon ;laPottoavowed and acted on to override law aad aathoiltr.—iBtareattog aketcb of the iron region of Boontoo,inatitntionslocated,shoie,and tospite of all to persistU pnc'laes oSeaatvaS.J.;am article by E. Q. BQUin on theAncientThe chapel where theshe ran down to us, outside, she came to underour lee, about 300 yards we were about four distant;miles eut of the pott; Lieut. Young aad myself''."SSl?.?"*"? '° onr iBstttatioss that^this state ofHarper's Magazineeasy Now the 'Vaudoia ministers will be trained for their work in Tuscany, and will carry the Gospel therein throughwas.asusual,ffidemaaftaeLnnga-NewlBBttuseeatfar but anamadeno Iheardthat tke Alleviatlan once, examlaatloa:thetloBal (orilfB" Jfoanipents of the United Btatea ;" and the nsaalArtlflelal Palate.The regular meeUng of the New-YorkTaiiely of agreeable miaceUany. U« and ttar Ohair are full andThe Editor's Ta-an appreciative audience.The graduating class oc-the smaU chapel of the President, in the Chair. Afterfalmoutkwas out of her brosglit'toaa end.aoMlMT Mopened, through the intervention^^ Baron Bica-conveniently and prominently receive the partiag ad- vice of the President- He urged his hearers to real-reading meettag, and alsoback to port :and sent them to the ship; they are aow la the al elemeota.— A>MlBtBdthe prevtousno examinationweaoeletyresolvesItself iatoUsiIMiaMifIDiutTated.minutes ofof the funeral ser. vices of Dr. Isaaos, Dr. La Rcohs, of Philadelphiawas invited to sit on the nUtform, and was rack. In sight, overhead.Introducedto the Fellows as the Rcibrecr—Therewasa only na.classes may, andfoeJn^ coatains anthat it is notdeliv- TsioDoas FaiussBirruif, L. L. D.,Praya,afterIhadboardedtlMvessel Iboardedher ;sparkling.possession, and ordered themone hundred and SULI.;W^denaian Synod, at the recent meetingwhere their College and several other importantto Florence, the capital ofmonUngBaccalaureate Sermon byProf.Tuscany.to catimate the importanceof thisvast majority of onr dUxans, to ear aa-Church Jnwhich had been closed for five or six weeks by theaka govenmeat oflaw. IfCentral Italy. The VaudoisLeghorn,of Medicine was held on theevedng of June 20, in boarded the vessel the""reviewsbeen iasned by A. B. Bubdick, No. actions of the General Synod ef the Beformedise the of importanceand toCrituBntrik! ksaMSaasMu-atteet. Ur. Hkltkb lias pretized to thinddkiw • poitrait of himseU; with an intio-;of the causes which have led Ite to add new material to that which he liadfiwiqualycollected. -rAjiiHoaYTROLLOPi'snewnoTeJ,dresses of the Secretaries consumed almost theof the town.The Anntversaiy of the Naturalby Dr. R. S, KissakCbrit. haa been republished byVhe story is laid amoog the offices of the Britishwere introduced with the intention of inauguratmgnewpolicies. BegretisexpressedthattheSynodwere recent surveys Manon ; the one on thethey were on board of toe less aniounto to a permaaoit sad fc^*IM^^UCiTil Service, and turns upon the miseries of apec-vlation: Ur. TaoixoPi's fresh and vigoioua atyle,and his aptitude for character-painting, are verytioDgly prominent In this work. The book in- tendance.;;calcMM a sound moral, and is wise and healthy.Accident of Labor." The reading opened quite an extended and intereating discussion upon the Intricatepomts mooted, in which Drs. S. T. Tbohai, Fibbill, guanoPxAsui, the President and the writer of the paperitoha.tZtfoety"may beBut even tola does not helptoem—nxM'tNationalE^tionoftheWoriaofWash- the12thandI3thfund of tlOO.OOO In order to Insdtutlon. Theireffortshavemetwithendow the encouragingthat namegone by since I shipped on board the Choi-Epared from furtoerTwomoreTolumes are added to Mr. Pnr-Convention at New-Haven oncompletelylenger, at San Island onWnssBBthe Coast ol Peru, and arrived here fines stillThe first volume of the Wtuitmgttn, in this edition, is elegantly issued,toeir property.Life of and Knickerbocker makea a simultaneous appear-mydents whalingvoyagefromNew-Bed- taxfarenobetter. Iatheiagtttt Jnimf.meetings, of the Washington Union Association, on and of raising a contlpgent fund to defray tbelr ex-wasattendant upon childblith. ford,aa a blacksmith ; went Dy any other namesThe Intelligencerthe trans-the Blolepossession ot thegiven up without hesitation the charts were ia awhole of the firstshe was betweenso that the business trans- actions were crowded into the last week of thesession. Theoffice of 0ieplastic operation. Tlie patient was exhibited, and, copies of English charts made large charts, tinctly to each warrant that la lasaad, itConnecticutwent to a ownatshebio9rntBionfMEairlecahs;vibiolae.rdedherewlthThos. Mahr;alreadyof mesameannual address before the Literary Societies, In the do the last office, the appolhtment was oonfirmed. fore this was the first X knew of the vessel;;'the 12lh and 13th.acted other than routinenever out of New-York shippedweek,of the College was celebrated on Monday in the;ol Benin and 8t Paultbe,Bight have been as fartemper forbearingwltbaffords extraordinary advantage! for gaining a com- prehensive knowledge of the Natural Sciences. Gxoaas H. Coox, D. Ph., Professor of this Depart-;The Threethe H^bpsbs. in bj any of the speakers. No great measuresappropriateexercises. TblsSocietyhavingbeenhave seenby men-of-war, andsimrtklii dis- aMSat^^nearone for the Episcopalians, to cost $13,000, and one for thePresbyterian congregation, under charge of Bev,HOMERFRANKLIN,Fi Kbbbau, Cletk.Wkat Is a f FelaayMr. McUWAlllx, to cost $26,000.on the of the same eveningSome discussion ensuedreading of tbe neat paper,might excite unpleasant discussion among the mem- bers, one of whom had recently got up a similar In- strument. After an Ineffectual effort to bydedicated inNewark,Tbe following was the order of ezerolsesPrayer by Rev. Wk. a. Etus, of Brooklyn, L. I. John H, Karsten, Mich., Latin Salutatory.W. E.C. Vandetbilt, N. JG. W. McNeel, Texas, Success, the OffsoriDx ofEffort.£. Winter, Mieh., Fashion.W. R. Taylor, N. J.. A True Renresentative.A. U. Quick, N. J., TesUges of Time.E. G. Janeway, N. J., Socrates. R.DeWitt,N.Y.,CoUegeAdaptedtotheStudent'sseems Wants.W, B. Voorhees, N. J,, Eamettaess.have all t>eea BumsIsleaid the crime balivbe effected. itsbearings, postpoLingtheunion;dld'nt say who snipped them;ia thetions are not invited to the Conference of on the Journals. It will be remember- ism.andtoswaUowobjectionseverelyW. H. Ballsgh, N. J., Brahmlnlcal Transcendental- blyfor it is notthat by Baptist edthatProfTHuBTiHOTOHtookoccasionatthatW.H.by who made an artificial distinction,; Ishippedat915amonth.any weight,its resultsdenominations as such,' or upon the Home Mis-Hlllspsugh,N.J.,Webster.The Diatilct- in evidence Attorney put.upoQto his views on the of meeting express subjectwith much freedom.to the Catholic Clergy of the dio- cese of New.Jersey, for means to erect the pro. posed new Seton Hall College at South Orange, N-Imperfec-;toe General Sessions for toator rejection of the proposition rests with those toout betog fastened to the teeth, forms part of the roofYork and one from Porto Praya. The latter menttonsfour passengers. In the New-York clearance is men- "so ordered. Williamposed.authoritativetheis mutual Baptismwhom it has been made. The Assembly surren- J., hss elicitedthus fiar to the amount J.J. Brown, N. J., To.day.of the mouth, and the velum, made of soft rub-Mon- ier, extend backward like the natural one, and Imi- tioned mdse. and stores," and interpolated are theF. Bowefor motian John; SodgwiA op-designedveiumpalati oi In-the manifest,toe facts tovolved. He would a grantacceptanceJ. C. Pumpelly, N. Y., Semper Drgens AlUus." W. A, Schanp, N. J., National Grandeur.appealanswer.Justice LxoBAu toen remarked that there wae miof Baltimore,uponthe proprietyoftheQ.—Didyouknowofanyothervoyage,orintended voyage, for toe vessel ?piteoMr.hasnear Central-avenue. The Second Univor-versalistthe corner stone of a new edifice on BaltimoreSocietyUd.,justlaidwaomdeliveredorationswhichwereoftheorder of merit, U bouquets and tumultuous applause are to be regarded as tests ofexcellence.Thewas dedicated on the 17th.first to me on Bums toU me that he waa going after slaves, saidof $7,0M 58.BellglonB Servlecs T«-II*rrow<words, "and 4 A letter from Francis pasrengera.';of the Black River penses.dMilet werefinedbytheCourt-martiaL Andsffoita"•Prince Edward's County, Va.iwaspondtog advantage to tbe State. accrulagThe subject was fiilly discussed in alluntil nextplished.The recent address of Prof. Hcntinoton be.is ridiculed. Neither fore the State Convention of Sunday Schooltroduced, " artlflelalproceededremarks uponyear.;Tommy said tbe same thingdate, ; couldn't tell whether anybody was present when 1was told this.Re-dirtct : I went ashore vrtth the captain at Porto a folonystep.bythe Bon.ef Hip Disease, aad aa Capt. Calhoun boarded her after I did; wheanwges and comeetiOB. aad deeU lic morals.feUf ,tepefc-The influence of the bigoted priests, was recently re- cupied the centre of the room, that they more mightnnlvertlty— theDr.Waibob, theof the; course during 4he Ume,sharpena wind; we tookWe have no shield but a one dass nay take toe law intoth^^owa kn£ £brieflyDlstrict-Attomay thepapersithem atia ceclafethemselvestobeontlawa,andiaeeddtitabethwdealt wlto, vrithont fear sr f<vor.HOMEBFRANKLIN,PoieMm. J. C. KxBSALL, Clerk.DutchChurch,latelyinsessionatPhiladelphia.The rep«rts from the several Boards and the ad- Oradualinggivenby Class waslarge chart of Cuba, on tlve Honorary Member of the Academy. Dr. La urge scale, large enough to run bv.oftheSynodisspokenofas—no sarcasm was indulged Lyceum,havecharge of a merchant vessel as navi- City. For, the Maishal Is;Brooklyn,Maxxosandhimself,TliereunderstandiiigcommentedPraya,was M. DxLABAaax, a. French surgeon of some months* wagesno jtirlidlctlDiu Tbe only dUBeuKy Ikat was,toe case was now retomed as being befoee toe General Sessions, and he could not iaqntia latotint ISao/'^oj^ ^ttnftg, gafatrbag,, lywt^^ga, i^BDTGaRS COUJBCOt.Tke ABBfial f^aBeaeeiBeat—BaeealaareaceSeraea by Pr«f. OrMby—Tke Addrew•r Preetdeat KenBlena •t Wh..*iL'?L.«.?\i?"* Kholars were boaHigsSS!•oquent and finished production.The Baccalaureate AddreiseredPresident of the Initltution.exercises were held was crowded on this occasion by*Utime, as their standard of action.adoptwere be wisely aad impartially enfbreitd. ai^tteithe President to the' largely attended on Monday evening, not only by the students but by the residentsof the on Domestic Missions in so ment, is the President. The course on Natural Sci-was evidently a mechanical success.read at^lboun told me toIVm. Dt Wut, recalled, and cross-examined-11 hrouih this ofhce a«i~~Jtgreat of ladsaUaK*disposedhurried a manner. It thinks thia wna unjust to the representatives from the We»t who were in at-reportences requires three years' study for fts coinpletion<The as well as the Alumni of the Institu- Trustees,tion, met in their respective halls on Tuesday morn the last meeting on "Apoplexy of the Lungs as an on boardsend Dewlu on board the ortg.lence andcost Is Impoieu npoaootcUl^miaf^AwaThe Examiner notes the meeting of thelug. The former have been endeavoring to raise awentbythataamelutilIgottoPortoPraya have ;"•"""'•"duponaMitMBaptist ;Francisco, CaptUlster County, N. Y." pursue toem,forthat of the Hudson Biver As- success. The Alumni discussed the sociation, North, at Waterford, on the 12th and tempting to procure a new hall for theirof at-andIntoedlsffldof Comnaav K. tZS13ththe 5th and 6th, at HebronAssociation, at Three Mile Bay, and of the New- The address before the Alumni Association was de- Jersev Sussex Association, at Lafayette, N. J., on livered by Rev. Joachih Etuaasoir, of Saugertles,New-York. He entertained Ills audience wltb an able "example,479were held in the afternoon ofcieties arelearn thatdrenad the and Rev.beaai—cstenalhly secret,ship menext day about 10 o'clockingtou-avenuc Baptist Charch, comer of Wasliing-course taken by the Home Missionary Society ton and Gates avenues, Brooklyn,will be dedicated. some cases, quite eloquent. Those of Messrs. Kars- are expelled f^om the nostrils. The speaker Uiought oath, and not bom the record.Julia M. Davenport vs. Z>toii .Bevrncdtiit.—Thb was an action for Ubel, and now came aa beionkeiet<^re, and yet, at the same time, through itsMIsalnnaTy Association, keeps in commission inthe Btaic nineteen missionaries, Iwsides its gene-ral missionary. Why, it is asked, does not the at 3i o'clock, and Bev. Dr. LiTHBOP at 7j o'clock. etght young men of the graduating class. Three gold my adioumed at nearly 11 o'clock.Bev. C. W. Ahablx willIheBaniler Court, oa a motian to have the answer mada man10^ o'clock;The decree of A. B. wasconferred on twanty-jecte—d to and allowed.Q. Were the authorities applied to to compel toevessel to leave port? Objected to.A,—I know that Capt Calhoun made application tothe Governor for that purpose, though I was not pre-specific.Some three months sinoe. the jplatntU^ wbe fo aaactress of come note, played " Efle Deaaa " to PUa-de'phia. At toat time the defemlant la jmhtteked.some of toe public papen, a statemeat toat tha elata-tiff was an and was impostor,Bev. SiDKKT A. CoBBT will preach in the Mur- The Independent takes a retrospective in- ray Hill Baptist Church, Thirty-fitth-street, be--S 1^;; approachingwhere manifestpapers except sailingand separate disttoetelaJmathat the Home Missionary Society was notoriginated by Presbyterians.aathentic sketch of the history of its organization. course in the Greene-street M. S. Church.tie- York Times.BonoR, Wednesday, June 13, 1880.at that time toe Consul, and proceeded to toe Custom-house, andBefore 1822 there were several State and county societies in New-England devoted to the work ofHome Missions. In the year mentioned the United Domestic Missionary Society was formed in New- pastorarranged with the dtixens of Charlestown for a regatta, to take place on Mystic River at U o'clock.It In Spanish, sayhag''Bondo," and they answered inGeneral Bessloas.To^ by a uiuod of the Toung Men's MissionaryMIUTAKT XABSHAL'S DXPAXIIdaT.Recorder BasnabdTlie notes so iadmsed wen fondents, ts eoBataial i^of Mew-Torl^ the Kew-Tork Evangelical Missionary Society, the Union Society for Domes- tic and Foreign Missiona, and several others of kindred aims.^ TnutISocietysentencedof perjury for giving false tloBsabmttted to the jairxWSociety then formed, the Inde- pendent claims, was not purely Presbyterian, nor was it more national in its work than the organi- satieDS which existed before it. The plan of athe Union Club of Boston. The Union boys ordered doing a great deal of damage to the burrieane deck, with the Intention, of down theconvi^Mlfather, wU^waa etiargedIn this connectionthe ModelMan," will 'be theThe Boating Campaign will be opened here nextthe Indianola advancad towards the Uiraman. The afterwards he went on board the Portsmouth, andofficer In command on board the Indianola, Bstsob by gave orders to get readr for sea.name, I believe, hall.-d the Miramon to stop several Adjourned to 11 o'clock Saturday.times. The hail was given in Engll^ and IrepeatedNatloBal Society originated with five young men "New Northwest."ia Aobum Seo^ary, in 1824, one of whom had The writerhis attention attracted te the necessity of such an vastbeat against the old fAaea, a lap-streak.Kupa onlion delivered at Cambridge in AugustboatfMichael eoavietedwaCsomsfeoarttt,o the Stoto oaThtuadayof graad Lord, for deisadaats.Tke Hlmlaa Oaae .AcaCa. TH> SHIBD TXtAL.eflaatyear. Theseyoangmanwere:wbo were oa the Intiamola were eoldlers of tha laieeay, Pilsoa for three years, United States Navy, I do aet know who were on Mary R. CarU daaded gallty to petit larceay,7iP.M. "Joseph,;in theBev. Ja.s. L. Hodoi in the afternoonHome IGsaionary Society pursuecause it supports missionaries of its own ? In Jasis, at lOi A. M. Bev. C. D. Poss will preach The honorary degree of A. M. was conferred on A.Tke marln Steaaers. The caFe of the United States vs. theat 3 P. M., and Rev. Dr. Thomson, newly appoint,came up before the United States District Court inNew-Oileanson the lltiL A amount large,gettingThis action was brought to recover da^usa fored editor of the Christian Advocate and Journal,was making preparatioos to under getFrench Theatre at 4 aud 8 o'clock P. M.Isetttog up toatpreachPrayaseizingbecauee the au-youngit gives an interesting, and what it claims to be an subject of Bev. Cbabi^xs £. Hibbis' morning dis- Monday, June 18, by tha Bunker- Hill Club, who haveRev. Abbl Stivihs, D.ia the—PBISOlfxBS SXirTBBCBD IHPOBTAjn' PBBSntTMZSTSvrillBedford-street M. E. Church at 10^ A. M., and theTh tJu Kitfr af tit Ifem-YTk Timus :bail for tUsvrlthforgery aad vrere theAn article intereatingappearedreach here In time for the racebut as it has notenough tnrity, ea theprobably have done it. After she vras dlsaa- Tha Jury, on account of Ida youth, aad tha foct that Caahler, Ludlow. If lhaydbl,tkejaiTiraeitheir friends it. Or. Pobtbb, then sources. Even those well posted in geography year with unusual lelt. The city Government hasBommit aad will receive his frieads' letters defeadantsfor le to robbeiy. eB^^ed aegllgsaceeCD.,preachan obscurecannot be repeated, and approaching her vary closely the HfiniiTuin fired a gun. which first shot took effsctmorningbeforeAfter an unusually Interesting meeting the Acade- thorities would not permit her seizure to port Ob-Subjectrians. The late Amson G. Pbeijs bequeathed In the evening Our Japanese visitors morally A benedlctiOB by Rev. Taos. Da Witt, of New- Cruz on the 6th The before the—considered."The first annual sermon before the Church Mis-;on the 6ih of Marchthey passed oulslde of Verapermitting";passedthey displayed no flag at that timetotogDirect resumed—I saw the Falmouthwill be delivered by Rev. Fbakcis Vihton, in St. Pater's Chun h, at 8 o'clock P. M.enjoyed as such occasions always are.The parting supper of the Senior Class ended theCalhounin the case, that what came &om Presby- teiiana should go to Presbyterians,"taadof a pMspective view of 'the matter, and tween Filth and Sixth avenues, at lOi A. M. and etrresponience <tf tkelieve ;thecaptureof said took steamships placeownership tkadefonea','for November, under the title of the arrived, tbe Harvard crew will In a Englander pulll^>-streakgaged from the Indianela she ran into oar stem, flilagIds fatoer waa the party in vrhoae behalf he oomHlt- ted the perjury, reeommeaded him to meiey, otker- vrtse his senteDCe would have bean iMre eeveia.ed to iad fortha ilsdsndanls.represents northwest of St.Beacon Bsgatta will eocae off over the Charles River distributed. There will be races for slagle sctill-ThomssNeweU was seat to Vka (tato Priseafor suHad bi a yeidict forttedie'fialtiunder this name all theOb the Saturday, June 29, the Fourth followingnmniag afterweboardedher,andshesurrendered.fms Joatioe Beswaaa,, aaod,afnlara<tw«tadayir^BUomaL^xIrregionnow of Croton Village, N. T. opened tliis couatry to settlement, has furnished a offerM to the wianers In these lacea.Septimus Biggiiu vs. Tlu ffeuyYark trivial case, resultiag from aa ardla- Kew^aotn Mailnad Omaqr.—TUs aetleatoAngiutas Pomeioy, motive for a moreSorstaga. I have already stated what was tery. ItThey met, discussed the subject, aad wrote toPresident of the Andover Seminary, entered into may be surprised at the statementa in this article, meeting held last alght by the Judges—Oaoaos B. was aa Asierican vessel I believe tlie ITeM ;was aaat the State Prim for the aext twe years. which plal^tfclaims to have beea r— Bridget McDermott pleaded guilty to petit laraeay, took passage on toe cars at Yoriatthe vessel waswards of merit inE.Church,Brooklyn,will bededicatedbyBishop threebranchesofstudypursuedincaptured steamers. General Miramon and Marqueg de la Havana, sentthe project very warmly. The Independent then their truthfulness caanot be BaAHAM, (Chairman.) S. H. BeoxnaBAa, N. MoKat, American vessel also. I do not know who owned theekefehes the steps by which the United Domestic although general W. H. CABTSiraBB, aad Cbas. A. Cbasb, (Secretary)—Wavs after the 4th, Mh, and tth of- MardL IKO. TheThe Orsad Jury came Into Court with the follow- ftelght tiato, aad toe platotlff badlyMQasiOBaiy Society became the American Home questioned. Through all this rsgioa, axteading athousand miles northwest from St. Paul's, while of enlaifteita scope originated with these young the Winters are severe, the Summers are warm prizesIndianola was owned by Joss A. of Mosa,1WlHhSlilJ Society,tiiatlyingNbw-You,Friday,Juae22,IgSO.totfijdby s nearer contact with our civilization." which Salt Lake andUpper districts.To which Government tTo the Juarez Goremment at Vera Cruz.When wss she pasied to the possession of theas It ia. That they are not tmpossed or coUectsd, andef ienlar. It ta a comfort to knowparU-continent as yet Unoc-^gnitljinen^ whetoer It Is consistent with dthar Urn dignity or new home for tbemaelves '°"^^ HL^kB.^ safety of the City, longer to tdure the shameful U DO doubt that BuoBA«Yo««^^^rte nC*'^and claims that the idea ofandLetters boardthefiidieasia allthettaie, fromthe time wemen. No one denomination formed the Society.The Refcmied Dutch Church and the Old School of cultivation is almost ani- te take part in thU match.fordefendants.ecclesiastical tlie machinery—nowthe the Assim- Saskatchawan,ssntsd three by»!« wasand fruitful, the soil rich ; while off from it because they Buwsptible profitablethe surface Newburgfaandotherdties, slgnliybig their latenUonstances attondtog most of the cases ofthey.Scwiag CHil ta,Mt B^^Presbyteriansfoand its system of sending the Gospel to the des-the Independent claims that the does not become SocietyCongregational or the organ of any de-navi-Tbe platotlff, itwm benomination, and It does notJuly Yaleboysarenolessbentonretainingtheirhard-wonwasautooritles to crime and to secure public charged, and toat she ntaasd to tt: wkai punish payreHgiona bearings of the visit of thebassy. The Independent says that should not attempt to force our religion them, but must duly respect theirshould take care that ' Holiness to theanimal and life." vegetablefrom man classes oftovrin. TheSophomoreandFresh-five firemen—all crew of the Indianola,principles receptioncondition forming the basis ofsona, and tlie general habits of a well-disposed peo-feasible route to the Pacific. A of studywho ad- here fothe mate features of IWs system, teetMy ttattheir serves steadied,their dlaestloa improved, and wttn a coastant Bow Professorship ofef law and jasOee affaettag the eUef cause toto course by toe eT^fo-T"l I tketr wiab to be relievedthe re repay th^ may suggest aemeof it 'liaHon. L. Q. C. Lsmsr,andef tals sort should sot be,ple.'* 1% nmarka, in addition, thatrapid -from vGeantuJles tiouwa»iudes t»"h.e- lnune?»*VtoeCapLof thewhich hoises eat In England, has been preved to t>e excellent training diet, whether served in the formpronounced byexpounded byNew SchoolnamedManors, Yatt, and Brunoma, all built by McKat, ofWilliamshurth. The Harvard boys are determinedto wipe out the blemish of the defeat which they sus-the capture, so far as the directions were coocerned. The other vessels were under her command and oen- troL I was on lioard the Indianola at the time when Capt. Tcana requested me to let him have theclasses and aasodatlons engaged to toe liquor traffic, or conspiracy to obstruct toe enforcement of toe stot- utos for restratotog It.«TkaiBday. aewlw taeae efihe MMdaat Aanaa, iS averstoatsftw eae waA aa addltieaal reat waaof thePresbyterians leave it for the same reason. Yet boin—the Frazer and the Peace rivers,shell-lwats,doubtthatmanyPres-captureeffected, havingorders fromCapt.and order must prove abortive, so long as the she ms assarted, sad a Biatol ramrod thiaat t-Lord iswritten upon all our commerce with them. We the fiftieththere.When did she arrive at Vera Cruz ?JJapineap Em- prolific"while we LakeSuperior,StartingThe increase of tem-Yale will vieInlap streak bDats withDeelaiaaa. COtlBI'—OHAlCBm.prejudices, we 'perature yvestwsrdisquiteasrapidmany respects,systemtoeir bnitoess, and have done It for years, la dafianeeof laws of toe State declared to be constitattoaal bytoe Court of Last Besort and when every tinllcensed Died, aad Older vacated, arlih $10men and womenamrang barbarous tribes, but certainly intolerable kenzie m latitude GOyoung one or two scorn delights, and live laborious days," rowtng, TuasxaCommittee, adroit and,day, on hU way to Waahlngton, as beeier staajw-in the midst of a people boasting of^ civilization barley and the•,buffalowinters, 'and some refinement.rundag,workinggymnasium.And the utter disregard, on the part of the masses amonis us, of the laiet ofintercourse, forbid theaod^ hope that New-Yorkwin be better thanany Philadelphia in thishavesenseandjounala,leavean indifferent chance for the protection of tbe rightsequity." Jap-inese inSanta Fv.national wealth, the continental mass lying west-" northward of Lake Superior propriety good taste, hopes that valuable than thepudding,this If would civil, by fraffio. liiinnesil aod eolleetsd,fect and andtheir prejudices against Christianity may be molll- interior in lower latitudes,PioposAi, orpay the entire amoont of taxes of toe City, eaormous »ns GovnncxBT.—The Missouri Dimtaral, rf *•The Oftjtnicr. on the other hand, that " saysof ale, the only beverage admissible, except water.this traflc bcooaht nadar legal contrd.Isdoe chieflyprominent known bare been treated with a rudeness, on the part of Peace River, whichwhich has already been aanonnced by folegrapbour visitors have from anyrespectingsources of this new Northwest will wellHleliKloa^ a* Sb^an Xiotfaiddea to examine any nation not wtthoot vahie at this time,totI "liattempts t* iafena themwith their attaagthiacieseed,development of our of the wayAdan M fL,accept la the UahrersilycommnnltyIllegal broaght tatoia daCBSOTi^^alreaA^ if^lintsrast thatthe Christian new views of the futureverssl—inVerdict fortbedroppedlitote incompatible with the working of their areas, which are largely desert. It includes the season. Harvard, Yale and Brown will be repre-gable streams.girl,aad leatedstrikingcontrast with mere senthemRed,all Through all these regions the temperature is aearly the same. "Spring isvalleysrespectively•" *• rsBMabaaad.P'*'^*''' '° any system of Chureh ushered in at the same time from Minnesota to laurels while the Brown ;boys, Iiaving replaced Mackenzie,andtheglowingSummerheatgushes heavyjunkwithwhichtheyplowedupthewaterof the course last year, by a light shell, are determinedpeace causesotcrimeanddisorderarenotonlyunchecked,S^nXi*The Independent and Obscncr discuss the alike over these immense domains, teeming with this time to go uhercheek and ten ThejurynowgaveheraverdtetbrtMHt ^^asupon remarks, quotedand State Late Ralroai.-ODie-MW*most observe theIt thinks fliat theNew-York has thus far been conducted »ith per- ward and is tar more of ofDoes the Indianola still United SUtes?Not now—she li sold.citizen of thesale of eitoer slcohoUcor fotmented intoxicants isvs.of Christiansos as which men eat in Scotland, bat somethingbelongtoasythe Court of ^«sparallel<Inanytoe law, as Appeals, to be a misdameaaor.grass for cattle, do well.of March.At what distance from the Castle of San Jaan deereiBgpBbUepnbUcbatprivoatttonsi"!^ ^^here ":whoareto Inthisregattahave pullforsome withreservaUonsandexceptionscases affecttog toe interests of toeir members. It Isas it is south- ward to New-Meiico, and the Pacific borders atas laborious athat undergoaa by HxniAii and Satsss.— aMOO* gnatedTMi denied,This region isand unquestionably far more valuable,eae to lessen hisandpeitueoa flesh. Ut'li coxswains,presents stronger attractions to forweightIt Is even darkly rumored that fat off Vera Cruz t mischief ol a selfish conspiracy. toer In the British paaeasioiisthan any o her area on thisthat the Japanese cupied. Through it an almost uninterrupted waterorwltom»^^^ ^knowledge enough to dis- commumcation extends to the Pacific, whUe over •wtatlns afaa oar, are compelled to atteanate tlieai- four or five miles off, I suppose. twgnish between the impertinence of ignorant per- its rich and fertile plams is the shortest and moat selres try slceplag between two feather-beds. Thinkandprompuit, andJ "w^t»^, ^fe'e .'^wsJtOBleo, McISeel, Wlulainson and Goodwin were noted for thCES quaUtlea.Justice Woonacrr, at Term of Spedaithe coJltge course.T. GocBwiM, N. Y., and M. R. Tavlos. N. J.the told meso Captaindealinganwanaatabi* pro- wlto hlsdrsmatic pioducticns.degreeof D. D. was conferred on the follow-;toat publication, toeplaintiff averrtog that '•db;read. ThatofDouihgodiGiocuxiawaiasfollows1 vras at Vera Crui ia the month of Marcn, 1800know thede la Habana sawCross-examined—toough 1 was not oiideck at toe timeby eaUtledofto prepare a just and unprejadiced review of his life,might be appointed. It seeming to be the general vessel, and when thelast year for fines of uaunlformedcame he told has paid, net least, (MO for this wntekei aeS^Rev. A. R. Tan Neste. Rev. John De Vermilye, Rev. William J. R. Taylor,way.I dld^- see her get underDeans" was written by Walter and not Scott,The degree of LL D. was conferred on A. O. Za- BxisKiB and W. B. Wxnoxwoon.getsee.to steto any he did not see.to an aaswertoe publication was" prtvUeced," and toat far thatHistory Societyoperation for the removal of a cancerousvolving the whole ondei lip, and the subsequent res- toration by the ftmBation of a new lip by an auto-although his appearance might liave led to a questloa liow much he was personally Improved, the operationde LoandoPoint, the entrance of the riverThecoDductof|tbe lautaty Maisbal •( Wdaprop) ietyeven levlaa madenai exempts were bad krtees and their invited guests adjourned to their hall, flags were displayed on said iteamships after said;sionaryUnionoftheGeneralTheologicalSeminary whereacollationwasserved Thedlimcrwas shotwasfiled up.;JusUce WooDxciv ordered ttmt the —t. defeadaaiforto in his aaswer the facts inoa wUeh befeitivmes.Beattng Matter* Devra Eaat.presentCapt ;toeit and make It a to abide events.ythe Miramon er to the Governor's residence ; 1 saw him as toey then began moving, aad the Saratoga fired a left toe Governor's room; Capt Calhoua then leftBanklag Laaae.A Qfrisnov or good paitr.There will be four races—tha first forthe second for lap-strealL wherries, the third for dou-ble-scull lap-streak wherries, the fourth for six aad by carrying away a portion of the pilothouse. Im-fires apon the iI<rsaion,and with musketry the letton$300 will be awarded. In this regatta tha picked then tills the Utraman raa began. Inmiediate^ afterwill conduct the service in theBer. Dr. Biihchabd ia to preach in the West- four-oarec lap-itrsak boats. Prizes to the ameunt of mediately after that shot the fmiieMto opened herBT TBIevening.minster Church at Tonkers at 10} A. M. Tke Naitliweat.THI 0B8IBTAN0I Or THI SABBATH, ABB THI M. Ludlew as Cashier.shell-whenies,languageaad rare beer.by a venerable £x President of one of our'•''>^^' ^^S&Sf ^i5,.»V.h^'^*?„5'""'"»««» see humane ciatests ofThe examinatroB in the case of the alave trig FsfaiMittintliaUnitedStatesCoamiisloaer'sCourt aadtoatecoasptiadesforsupporttaBggUlenl?»fconnected with the Annual Com- I^^.^,„ "k^r"'*" •• "»«•»* 'ro"*" parts of the ciewbelEgpreieat.^*»*metropolis wUl be again WeU represented.MEW>YOBKACADBMTOFMEDICINE.havehesa beard when we boarded her ta port I first saw him set at nought, and a romatoad nupoee baa hesaRocBX,Jr.,wasalsointroducedDr. Book proceeded to read a paper describing theCross.tia»iu«ati»i«resumtd Ihaveneverbeenup the Congo river; I had the charge of the Marion, asDr. A. K. GAasina thenon " (Edemaparticipated. The pointThePresidentthenannoiucedthatInaccordance thanRoseandDeWIttof thecorrectnessofthenamingofsomeunusualaed- EbzaAdam*onathat wliileBev. Prof. Gam, of Princeton, N. J., delivered the he who stood nearest as his personal Mend could best olhera of his men shippedplace, the Peltbessophians.opinion,nonehe said there were:condition. extended paper.be tried or be c«ny.evidently to good proceededmightandpresent; might noti'*knewhimbuttolovehlffl,** us that was the vessel;thatDrs.MiHiB,ofof New York, were a committee to receive subscrip-withmeatthehouse neversaw ;street,salistmencedbuildingachurchtocost$5,000. The ReformedDutchChurchthismornmg.At0}^o'clockcorner stone of a new Boman Catholic Church, St. a procession consisting of the Faculty, Board ofPeter's, was laid in New-Orleans on the 11th. The Tiuitees, Alumni and under-graduates. was formed to show a young woman with disease of the hip joint, the voyage might have been tliree or four days toe case was leiit to the General SearisM b* tfteatSocietyAttorney.refer the the question, subject to the opjectton. A.—No, I did eioni. At toeof Cliicago, Illinois, hasjustcom-commencement proper was held hi the Firstthe DlatridThe purse, but was takea before Jnatlee QvaeaaaaHB. Commissioner aUowad who heM him la $1,000 to aaawdr at the teadkiaSChurch of St. Vincent de Paul, in Germantown, on the campus in front of tbe CuUege. WlUi a brass band at its head It wentto thedo not recMlect who wax the first man Iout spoke CourtPa., is to be enlarged and decorated at a cost of crowded Church, which was to excess, by the time named tor me com-surgicalBums spoke to me about thea similar Insbrument was applicable to every congeni- tal case.To IA. Abbot—"nit reason of our leaving Porto; city at that timefortress oi thejustJuly regatta ira«« towards the Snuraf MirenMa aad Marfius 4* taIt was dedded that four raoea Iw held, in wUeh boatsNsw-York,on. Lathrop,Owen4kBellows p'»'-fwvrlll have a fairevery deasilptlon chance,shouldbeawarded to amounting ffiTS.who is an Amerieaa CiUzeB. A flag waa on ing pceaeatmeats iqueaoe. Case stillsteamshipswayObiectlon was made to;;trippingthe discussionupontrue same Is Wm. De Witt never; hare been to sea in theRegiment——paper to the Section on Surgery, Dr. Davis proceeded not;thefirstconversationI liadwiththecrewabout SpecialSeastoas,OBtbe(MhtaUoaia- sel urged that the prisoner shooU be tried thanLwalking about with crutches, and wearing asplint of his invention, which apparently removed all pressure and consequent pain from the diseased joint. ShewasDr. Davis thenIllustrated by the Instrument Itself and explanatory diagrams, upon the excellent mechanical appliance, stating its origin, the time in which it had been In use, and the patttcuiars respecting itsvention. Thisfor examination and report to the Section oa Surgery.;with on the subjectvoyage from one to three days outwas present; none of the officers werecrewcannot tell the day of the week or the hour of the day In which this took place ;the subjectgeneralphysical to read anwas,withoutDr. N. W. KiKOBiiv, dentist, of thia City, was hi-;after this shot was fired went theyoutsldelhe harbor she was close us—to about 300;Academyessential to tbe ef veiy bstawdisease In-;goton towards the coast, the south or east coast, I be- yards octfirD ; I went ashore with;left Vera Cruz and the duringcrimethis flag at present in my possession. I do not know toeas regards the Wavt; when we left she had a flag have eonsidsred, did toey not trace their origin toThe CoUege Union Reiatta, to be held at Worces- indiserimlnato sale and use of liquors, ter July 24, bids fair to be the mostexdUng of the flying. intoxicatingFowasa A Tallaaadge aad Wm. & Tracy, Neyee" havebeenreceivedbytheCommitteefromClubsinthe during by shot. IhaveTheGrandJurywould be bUnd circum- to thetained last at the hands of ttie Yalenslaos. The Imtianola, and then I went vrith the Indumela untilIt Is obvious toattoe efi'orts of iudldal or executiveor of up "griddle-cuei ;" vege-Indeed toe penalties tocnrred, whether criminal oron wTo whom wa£ she sold ?of tables are strictly,forfoidden.tTms hearty food ia to be To the Mexican Goveroment.m Bbx 18th,makesthefollowtogstatemeatthep«rp««tbread,swallowed without condiment, not even cum grmnoNew-Mexico are the salts. It sometimes t>e washed down amay by glassof thetheyhere, that would be expected the i^azer, and runs northeast to join the Mac- forced. The men who submit to this regime I made the sale, I think she was retained by Capt ttoas." Thooads of men tons comhiaed, with aaIn the valleyruns north of the sources of " early to bed, and early to rise" Is a rule rigidly en- Since the 6th of March, that I made the sale. After dal affairs of Liquor andXager"" this clly « ."'?' Capt. GnaoB passed throu^thevegetables needed for man and thedayseaergetialzscotlveweil-pald.whUetanfdispatcbeifromUtabtotoeGeamJ fjj**The use of tobacco Is a nagrast violation of law, and Juarez Government?"Dealers' Assoda-andreduce their weight, enlarge and harden their biceps fitmars, and Improve their wind. It is not uncommonengagement the action was torn a cannon;flag,:wav, she toDion Bourcicault, and toat she was aa muchputreason he was not liable to tals acUodo. Also that bewas the owner of theall thethe steamers were at anchor, and having ap- the papers wen at the consulate : they went togeto-;shot ,ln the air to call her roundmade the Indianola firstcrew of Harvard will coataad vrltk their andeat foes, ran into the Jii^i«w<c,caiTyln« away Iter upper worka, P. Thompsoa,by ;;poached, they began tomovefrom the words which Miramon,goodin the New- a shell-boat la Englaad, In the hope that it would IndianolM, U she bapdrohbabdly, rusntneianmg she would false pieteacas, to the etato Prison for three yean. tbey sad madeptaudpvaiateyaef tbepiIwill draw crowds to witness it.Bev. Qeorge miles, enough to form tea first-class Btatea. TheHawe,D. D.. now Profctsor of Biblical Literatura ending of the Hudsan Bay Company's monopoly of place In South Boston, aiider tha coatrol of the dti- the Wavi. I caimot state the names ef the olBcan aad was saateaeed to the PealtaatiaiT for stzCfaaabadaiii, of BrownavlUs, Taxes;In the Theological SeBiaary at Columbia, S. C; thia Ber. John Mallby, late of Bangor, Me.> and Bev.On Monday, June 25, a grand regatta' will takefor the t>enefit of the fiu-trade, as it has sens of the place. There will be two races for sail- wbo were oa board. Tliey iMtoaged to oaa of Themaa Bridges and Patrick MoGee weteSaad,;away from her; at which time the iVsw came near both vessels; Course, at 4 o'clock, P. M. $300 In prises wlU be shortly after the JKremm came aground, aad shortlyTbe oaneePaul'a, extendingBev. Hiram Pasifie, and containing an area of MO.OOO square oared boats. Tbls has been a flunous regatta, aad eapture tliat part which I have just statsd. Thosefiveyears,oahispleaofguiltytoachargeofforgery la the second degree.StaaleyALanfdcaa,aadr..B.Cnitiag.forakte-tiA; Aleixzaader * Oreea, aad BaMI Cummiags,regionOTgaidxation by Hon. Enwaan EnaxTT'sPhi Beta north to Lake Athabaaca and weatward to the, for double scull-boats, and for six aad four-As I hadstated,the bUianoU aad Wavetook in theBlithe time tatothe iii<i'ea»ls,aoweameoalaaalBpartKOaM^b—^— these vesseUK>f-war — the Savamiak, fttkU or toe fbnter $!• amd the latter tlS, for as^ult aad t>at-boats, aad two for i«w-b«ats. HaadaoBS prlxes areeiamination of its re- The Fourth of wiU be celebrated this the conduct of the iteasaen fadieaeto aad aiy CelUe raw. oa trial before JnsOee Beswoaia to thethorougheoacaming appr«9riated $1,000 to defray the expenses. At a Babana. Tlie /adiaaeta, at tlte time of the eapture,As I have stated, the Saratoga took a leading part la and to the prevalent spirit of lawlessness toduced bytiorvold vs. Aarims ^ Caietti.—TUgtried before Justice Moaganr ia the tlaeeilw Ceaifcthethe TuXBia to allow no one on board wbo did not belongto the United States For that reason there Navy.out,Eq^ber whole foM.. *were no others on board than the two engineers andbut areMr. Blodobtt, the climatologiat, the conespondisg classes of Harvard. The students Cross-examined by P. SoDU, Esq., for elalmsnts, to embarrasstog the administration of justice to all—Americana belongingtotheformerfortified and stimulated by organlzatioos, powerful ta numbers and wealth, actively employedSrPBZICBweeks subjected theaiselves to as careful, and in \Vho brought the Indianola from the Ignited States a notorious fact toat toousands of dram-shops pursue PaOKBAV.J.—Ane-Fori oniBria tb.rareare milder in Winter than and of oatmeal, which, although defined by Dr. Joas- On tbe 26th of February, I believe.atskaek va. ftjBieiiiZa'otto.iiaatsd.coDtisis prindpally of beef, tender and.done,alreadyof as to Vera Cruz T trainingThe fare;I her broughttoe otoer Boanr,foUoved In our wake;1a manDr. W. H. Vab me In this vessel young broughtthe arttelespriority of in- debate, referreddon't thing, tbey all said the same thingno distinction hetweea oetty and grsnd laieaar.lathematterof andthatfortUa pIcUng pocketo, raaaeKthe Sessions had noBpedal jBrladlcttQa. aad msMcompelled to send tbe case to tha (Seaeral Sesrti^to make somethis portion of the mouth, either as seen most com- or time of day these conversations took placeintelligi-but the American Consul would'nt him give;ceeded to sea about 8 o'clock:;;eAce,'''n^^ preient tocumbeat sevaa or eight yeas.Marion was traced certain about the size of the PorlsmoutVsam net CspLpaperof the Lungs," in support of a paper redfl by him at signed aitteles to go iu the Falmouth, but signed none dreds who are exempt by Uw fraaaMUmV iSt.beforewere of the number who signed the artiole at the;claisaaof choose to set iasa,who; tlieyoungmancamewith the artteles the; Mr. Mahr told me she was going trading to toeearly;that we were going afKteirnsglaves;signedJ. C.I do not choose to answerthat question.;This was a writ of kaktas earfus tooMaiaaadto-i. e. recollect any- thing more thathe said, except that he shipped withto Court to make a nCara. tion in the material. Dr. C. W. Stxabss, of this City, one box hardware, (which was shown to contain a Mr. Howe suggested toat in such a case tke letaiaand called attention to the 75 oil casks and ballastin 1842, made another upon the same principle as tbe boiler,) one cask, one barrel and two tioxes of drugs, would be " todlctment foimd," which woald be a;could notgivetheTbe matter was before Justicebers, who stated toat It was dear toat by flte aet ef April 17, 1860, "every UUng from tbe:' par- son," no matter in how small snam, waa;the be- nightnuisance, toat should receive our Courts and Legislature.—-the Falmouththe Portsmouthbut we,,assumed that the Falmoulkandmade sail faster than the Falmouth didMotion was nowhis answer more spedflc, and aflar signmeat,her anchor we ;Capthad an interview wlto the American ConsulheIwas alsotoatheeitoerstrikeoutWe staeiifi,, and tlieooanqoaatapoa the eoalempt of oar statmes for praieetlBg Ike wasUywe made got her papers and iM-bookas Shark'snever had thegator, excepting mis vessel altbongh;; 1shippedtiythenameofWm.Rose; I;not most cases, toe;notices" of Conrt-m.^BIg:^breaking commencedwe before we;his claim to title to, orof tte sin;miUtta lawshave paid feeswhlcbihe'lawdoeTaStnokiTfa53S3S:£ mSrmm toSZSifStrf" ?""never oontasnpU&dLHoi-forCourt-aiarttaL ParaonswhonaytheeoaThe Belmont Bant, Branch of the State Mamh of Okio vs. Wm. Htgt 4 Ce.—This was aa aetioa brought by the piatotlfi to recover $14,MB tt, tbe amount of four blUs alleged to have beea eaal la B. Ludtow, the Caahler of the OUo LIfo 1Trust toCompany, New-Yetfc, far ~JH«tVM. TkayOKAJID — were Indorsed ** Pay E. Ludlow, t'asblsi. < JtTBT OB THI UQUpB I.AW ^theCaahiecortoeplalntifi,r-^yesterdaythaia bytheChaa.obtained ofeats took tbe bills la fi*^fwas aMatthew ColiiBS pleaded guilty to aa attempt to Court, fn tbe third tisae. TbseetfooisioeaaeqaaaaAaad was sent to the Peslteatlanr liar tliree months. but befora he arrived here toe train ito the nnscnmuoas meddling wlto political aad judi-before she was dellveted toIn the In order to that Go^temment. The sale was effected on the 8th eonsaeL and abundant resources for tempting aad eo- mSBt We nnderstaad tbeae dlspetebso ej^^£nmBamaABYouBStoseUeaimon property at Salt Lake City and "J^SuSteiT Bfieen or twenty pounds. Uloa did the Gentr^l Miramon aad de la Ha- or morals of a community too busy to leek after pnb- United ^itea, the Salnte to »^*«'^J^^ esSTal-officials andthe emigrant feel all the better for having parted with his lu- bana pass, when you .saw them oa tke 6th of Marrh. ilctoteiesU, aad too unwieldy to. eoanter-plot tile aad remove to some potot on the rsfui ^ ^^Marquesbebog debarred the privilege of I cannot precisely say the distance, but tliey wen It may be wortoy of toe ooaatderatiOB of the public ries of toe United States, where thjywm ^.^^^the nmith of JulyThe studentsparalysisof taxation, pasmerlsm statute bitends to protect tlierecentJ»a»To"f"tJnRe^owerche«?faiiie»s, tbey |^ somejdeaofmust have felt before Sre IMaed to the saoaat,tsritsic Infitislie a!a is about to rcKgn'his seat ini~r~>..,..^ and toe extnixftn ,Untitled Document«fnisjnvUedtapiit«>Af, tlUe sectton ifioitlybemade I, •, 8jjuhUo.... -::^%i.'*,-^.»I.promtaient Congress,'Public I.aweecessionist,theatcrime, and whether the Peak,poeiticp wI 'tJ^Ml per «9BU>MtideB rest.Giasnn hasUlecetre salaryceaspbraeles reqnisttian.Prapbefa t» *>>•SS? "il 'ijU'./^ESf?*discharged,BaraHAji Totni*dosslnloas.ii iliiiriiillMlSf• oarmaeldaaryc< 'ai«<»—" AeS(fgi f Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 