 18^T* ? .. parted^',NEW^GRmiEAMWlB*^UEBIF A^i^tySffWfSIKwr& nlcni'sjitiemanfycon* v' — - , rendantrin»magmficeat go!4^HBISHO&iteelf raerry 2> ontheconclq,—Monnt ScVia.> Wlt&tb*, itdescribesof the &W».4badfoodF* macbaof «&-h*y»B*rv©mi. po«wbfetohave*i8tOTOaob.'«»re8p*>n«ibl» 'trt She av&n$Prot«^auVteach>- o<?ce$"apro- to ad ITS© at?ntGathersbeDy, wbjc£» be the- i ^ - afc the clog*, laaxry vriFy.?anexcep—fieKcacv wouSi3och an au-iftxl children> eighteen, , afchougfcf. Batilat from the die - an Arch-innocenfc •eoccaaio*bone ijirls. * ncounterediu young men "holic girls;'*' "Caihofissuch an ar*4 iburorfiy« in yearsit& a*uo, atiDlrequires tw<£ thoa Th% "all youngVinoen*, side. Itfce towardschi^tbaS .Vincentf men," aa;age. Andt» confidence'> in the; •egiooa de-*a?eembly atraisor of New- ofalawthe whole ordinary nominations their ownacknowl- '* young-%"entlemen o f Indies of institutions,contract Q£ nnfortorwtely, moment, ardians contracts' should! ounce otBONA*the fol-jnajgneur to-dayatXa*ionaI of t h e ch the) m thathem torea-Xapo- Dafca Barperor Joachint re the pres-coffia into• ""tege, house—hadtha armorial,ellen- peror'g ; M . Countby ia-sfollowed!" >J&ahand, andoificers Privy Pin*,, the* neratlax-wearing:ng de-iUsPthe High-J*aal •- andora»her had fmpe- famiiyat&h- ral of in-theed* "5fDEFENSES OPHEW~YORK.Iprominent merchants in an unofficial cJJtpacity, aad ft fun delegation of the Press, made up the party.The Guard mastered46musket*,abouthalf ofthe force,theseasonandbusiness(formostofthemenareis d€fensele»s;until Capt. Lovell had awakened them to it. The Councilman concluded with eulogy of ".the Chicago'visitors. ;from brass. Thete bogus auctiooeflKS have out-door assistantswhowalkaboutthestreets,loungeat.hotels, atrailroaddepots,and steamboat kradzhgs,topickup customers. Tbeyrepresentthemselvesasstrangersor /gentlemen of leisure in thecityandingratiate them-Butthedfleniaafn which tB*y?«re i>ttce* l**btV tf****^ t eriselcsabe »pplio<Itothwegood spirfuthatlook ^WaS&T^^. Sifters fttm above, whv cannot tbf same tenn be •pph'*'1.*0 t h * \.-,-.I-Deaf persons- are again cautioned to beware- of self-styled Aurists, nailing from low boarding houses in obscure streets of this and other cities throughout the United States, whose only obect, and highest ambition, is gain. Whose only recommenda- tion is a glaring advertisement, a compound of ignorance, preten- tion, and falsehood, and who do not scruple to make-use of any HIPUDS whereby to accomplish their sinister object.DK. HAKTX.BY is the only recognized ATTKIST in America, and generously offers to attend all persons suffering from affection*AIOTIXKB^PBACTICE OF THE CnTGUARD Capt. Jfassneld LovtH, a t present the commandantiCoveredwithaglorythatalmosteclipsestha*ofthe* oftoeCftyGuard*>acorpsofoarcitizensoldiery,has activelyengagedindown-townpursuits)havingthinned Zouaves, theCity Guard then disembarkedandthroughtheGeneralAgent,appealedforatractorpaperselves into the confidence of the unsuspecting, lead to he prepared in German aad French, for the immi- m>ncti0D. Ibaugbter.J Isn't that a dangerous position J» :recentry proposed a plan for provi*iog garrJUon for the ranks. These bad all been earnestly .drilled in the marched to their armory. t t a aereral heavy batteTies which have been erected new practice a long time:, Their names will have a ntbem to these " man-traps aad spring-guns," and then grants now landing by the thoneand every week a t plsC«tbe SlMfjnlnl .M ay not, this double conrpUroent feMJ^gg ea;th. and Heaven make them vain? (Renewed laogfater^'jh*'*''share the booty when the game is caught. Sometimes Castle Garden, giving them valuable inform ition re- which-Jthe Skters hetwrtilyjoined.JVBut to rrtorn: although^?W$*&y th»^ General Government t o protect this city jfrott attack by water. A rsference to the map of theinterest in the future, as those of the pioneers in amovement akin to, but. far more practical and notableCHARITIES* ANDCORRECTIONS.iwrborwiU show than vessels of great dr^ft can ap- than, the Volunteer Rifle Movement in England* They proach New-York, either by way of Sandy Hook».President DRAPER in the chair, and all the members signs understood by the salesman. When a m an is tous circulation after the Board had approved it. present. After the transaction of some routine busi-end^finecVjet there are other thin*, tbat cannot be Jost «xh* of. Before «»nother year roll* around I propose to arrange srfth tbelistersfor'anewbranchofstudymtheAcademy. That branchofstudyiswhattheFrench calltbescienceofcvisime.It Is the science otfkeepiny house, and that w e all know cero- menceewith.thekitchen. T.veryyounglady,Idon'tcwreffithm.ssd the J»WT >ws, or by the Sound and East River, are appended:1psssbgtothenorthofLongIsland. Toaffordmeans •for defending tbene approaches, Government has erecte<rnumerouslargeaalcostlvworks,andfurnishedthemCapt.Man*fieJdXor»U, l»tLieut E.i-Stone,2d Lieut Da*id Bank*Jr., Jd Lieot C. E . Pre*cott, SergeantE.R.Miller,SergeantH.C.Jonev, SergeantH.B.Burnett, Corporal C. F . Peters, Corporal H.L. FarU, CorporalH.L.Stevens,ness,thereportoftheCommitteeoftheWholewas aimpleenoughtogototheeeestablishmentstopurohasewith a complete armament of heavy sea-coast guns. -W. D. Baker,Oft t h e Sound entrance w e h w e Fort Schuy- TV. H . Webater, J. Marline,3er at Throggs Neck, mounting more than I>T.Ceffin/ three hnndrsd gnns, and co*iiog with its.arma- W. Marchai't,J.W.Hayea,O. A . Drake,A. Henrique*, G.Henrique*,jr..J. P . Whitfield,L. Chichester, Geo. Brady,A S. Rogers, ELL.Stevens, L. Bnrke,J. S. Smith, Wsa.J.PInkney, Emanuel Dreyfous, W.L.Proch,W. B. Wbiteman, W.J.Harris,J. A. Clarke.J. B. Aikin.mentnotleesthanonemilliontwohundredthousanddollars. The Ctannel by way«f Sandy Hook has itsdefecees concentrated mainly on two poiuts, viz.:thebeenmade,andarrangementsbavebeeneffectedtohaveafithemilk and meat uved in tbo institution properly inopectedt Ontbecommunicationoflir.J.J.Crane;ViettingPhysiciana»tothe state of the atmosphere in female Ward No. 5, a» immediateexaminationwasmade,andthedifficultywas-foundtobeocca-sioned by tbe to^ of a large pipe leading to the sewer being vai)-*cr<;w'e**i which being properly arranged- the difficulty'was obvi- upon the property deemed benefitted by the improve-Karrows, and the bay between Governor's and Bed- C C. Hubbard,•JoeVIslands. At tbe Narrows w e have nearly four N. T H Cbenexy, W. J. Monell,inndied guns in battery, at an aggregate expense forconstruction and armament ofone million eight hundredAndfiftythousanddollars,andontheislandsneartheHamilton pier; the landing was therefore made above. The soldiers and civilians marched with music to theated. The orderlies and nurses were directed'to repo;frany defi- ments—ia accordance with the appraisements madeby by 8iekne«8; so Mr. CKntdu, for the prosecution, Another point mid I will close. At the end of another year, • Curator, in the place of Dr. Gouley, resigned....jnillion souls are concentrated in and aboat New-Yorkaccessible in two directions and at short notice by•war-steamers carrying heavy batteries. Capt- Lovelllas begun' with a practical experiment for theirdefense which needs and well deserves all theencouragementthatcanbegiventoit,eitherbythe Guardforasteptowardamorearduous,practiced, GeneralGovernment or by the leading and influential:Nantucket-1-.The pilot-boat Fanny, named after daughter of Mr. Grinnell, built by E. J. Williamsjnen of our city, who, perhaps, more than any oneelae, are interested in the result.Onr citizen soldiery are very fine to look upon on a loliday, with their showy uniforms and highly-pol-and honorable duty than has yet devolved upon thecitizen eoldiery—the defense of the City. It belongsto tbe people, of whom they are the representatives. pocket. These sharpers glanced at me now and then, •ishedmnsketsgleamingintbesunshine,butinthe Mr.RaymondregardedthesucceesofthedaythebestOUT OF HIS. PLACE.—Would you be a B&nkor, a brassy, and thought it ought to be run down, and that ons, each one decorated with green branches and con- on account of the bad habits of the latter person. Stall- go to Prof. FOWLXK, No. 308 Broadway, and havea Chart, wttk:.•-..'event of an emergency only a few regiments coald be counted jap?n for energetic and active duty. In the Firat Division there are several Artillery companies, J>ut there are so in name only; and we doubt if one •pyn-n out of ten could tell one piece of ordnance from another. I t is to be hoped than our citizen soldiers will follow out the project inaugurated by Captain Lovell, aid in the time of peace prepare for war.Capt. Lovell graduated at West Point in 1842, andentered the ArtOJery and served throughout the warencouragement of the Guards to persevere, and assured ibemjthfy would meet with a hearty response from the people and the press for their public spirit and de- votion.and 10 lambs were thus taken to the sporting ground,for be lied almost as fast as the timepiece could tick.. while a number of prizes in the shape of dead meat, man complied, but immediately causad the arrest of'• ' » •[Advertisement.]IMPORTANT CAUTION T O T H E I>EAF.tvith Mexico under Generals Taylor and Scott. H ewas one year with the volunteer forces as Adjataut- tempt) will depend upon that of t'ae citizen soldiery ofthe Eastern States. He cherished the hope that at arun between his arms and bent knees, in which posture with Sunday travel to Long Branch, N. J . , the Rari- Rev. Dr. Tyng's Church, without charge until cured—thereby rGenersl of Quitman's Division, and subsequently com-manded a Battery of Light Artillery for several years. ment on one of his native prairies, where the hospit-wain was tbe person principally implicated. The com- special boat and train every Saturday afcernoou at 5 \ foes in advance, and the intlic.tiou of still more seriousf&xoQ time ago he resigned his position in the Army, and now proposes to give his experience to the devel- opment of the Volanreer system and the defense of the city by creating a corps of defenders among themilitia. *ARTILLERY PRACTICE A T FORT HAMILTON.The scheme of Capt. Lovell was proved t<> be emi- nently rational, and bril'iant prestige was conferred Uponhiscommand,whileanerainthehistoryof Am*rican arms was presaged, by a drill on Wednesday at Foit Hamilton with the Sea Coast Guns, an unprece-•who saw the performance, especially of the expert*inali'y of.the Western people mayhave free scope. Three vociferous cheers were given for the Zouaves and their commander.Capt. Lovell .thanked the Uruon Ferry Co., throughex-MajorC. P . Smith, for their handsome proffer ofthe boat and the ex-Mayor asseverated that the Com-panyhadesteemeditapleasuretodothekindly,thing,farther adding that the Union Ferry Co. had cometothe determination not to mind what the newspaperssaid, but to do what they saw fit. They saw fit to beSupreme Court Chambers, yesterday morning, a l l this instant he caught.a glympse of my paper and women hereaf'.er found in the streets, whose conducthappy again to tee their friends, present on this oc- ml dented event in infantry tactics. T h e verdict of those casion. ••'\i!sist and protect it. The Guard only want to be able to say:"There are your forte, here are the men; nowit be possible that any man who reads the papers can, when sober, be cheated"by "these sharpers? Can- not the City Government seal up these establish-Wednesday the collector took in upward of $11,000, and yesterday there was more than $12,000 received.At 4o'clock the Archbishop delivered the following address: -.theecienceofwarfare,wasmostfavorable,andoutofthe warm enthusiasm to wbic'i the occasion gave riae,ttere was shaped a definite id*a for the extension oftbi*novelarmofmilitaryservice. Triefollowingwasthe invitation to witness tbe exhibition:HKADOVAKTRK*,NEWYORK.July14,1860.TbeCityGuardwillvfwit Fort Hamilton on Wednwday the / f o r t h e purpose o f targt-t firing'With t h e S*>a'CoaHtward,andthankedandcongratulatedtheGuard. Capt. Lovell stood to deny the imputation that tbis movement was designed to injure the regular army. Hispersonalobligationstothatarmywere great. Hehaditshonor,interest,andreputationas muchatheart"asanyman. Intimeofneedthevolun-there?"heinquiredofme. Icuthimshortwitha curt reply, and he soon returned to the shop like the dog to his vomit, or the unwashed swine to the wal lowirginthemire. A,fewstepsfurtheronIfound anoldmanintheauctiondesk. Heandhiscrew-were waiting for customersj notlikingmyappearance,no\',<>.w m.W. J. Oab«.rne,Jamea Vmcheater, G.McNeil,H.C. Soott, A]W.Arnold, W. Walworth, R.P.Cibnon,W. L. Claokner, D.P.;Gardner, F. C. Harriot, Win.H.Draper, J. J. Jones,able on the 1st of October of the current year, at the Controller'soffice. Themoneytomeettheamount expendedfordamagesisderivedfrom assessmentsdefendant,insistedupon.cross-examininghim. This was impossible, as Mr. Davidgeis confined tohis housecome acquainted with cooking and hontteke«pinc. Here wiSt beanewbureauofeducation.(Laughter.] Weshallthenhave- the theory and seme practice toe. • . ,.».Coor-poralB.Gtrney,jr.,-erickHoffman,chargedwith-havingferged.the beaqueen'sdaughter,oughttounderstand,thatdepartmentof\ be»n there twice before; 67,three times; 81, rourtimes; 40, six CHARGES AGAINST MAYOR Wbo».—The amount of was concluded before Justice Connolly. The may be able tohire her cook, yet she should understandft her-timesj37,tentimes;21, twelve'times-;,fi),fifteentiines;16, awardsfordamagesonaccountoftheextensionof prisoner, still under theinfluence ofopium,was self,forftmayhappensomedaytbatthecookwflTdismissbkx. twenty times, and 4, fifty times.- fGreat lauphter;] What a predicament she' wooM be ia the«.At Bellerue Hospital many necessary improvements fcave Chambers street is about $666,000, the same being pay- present during the proceedings. The charge of Well, what I was gofafl; to say war that the SJirfers sAouldf or.forgery "wasmade by Wm.H. Dividge,the rangeitsothatailtbegirlsoverth2rteenyearsofageshouldW PresidentoftheCompany,-andMr.Doyle,fortho enabledtospendaportionofthetimeinthekitchen,andbe-L. Bernheimcr,ci^y about three hundred guns distributed in five works, and were received by Lieut. P . O. Craig, com- No visitors will he allowed to the Small-P«x>Hospital; except by.m1fourth and fifth rounds tbe' second gun awoke respon- sive small thunders of applause. The men changed posts after the third and succeeding rounds, to accus- tom themselves to the various duties with all of which the private in the artillery corps is obliged to be familiai*.the mock-auction shops so disgraceful to the Municipal Government of this commercial metropolis. Day after day I noticed the same bogus bidders,.grouped in front of the same counterfeit auctioneer. . There stood the man with a straw bat, snuff-colored coat, and high shirtcollar,"cheekbyjowl"with thefellowwhose face had been colored by the use of logwood,and whisky, and other /fyfistuffa; near by stood a dapperseat lately vacated by Isaac V. Fowler WashingtonCommandery No. 1 of Knights Templars of Freema-..,.....,.„....1 -,T T .„! T 7 ^r 7 .„v ,...,Any violation of this t rder will bo visited by. removaU AtthePenitentiary.LOUIBH.Fisher,Keeper,baebeendis- charged for neglect of duty, and L. Dunphy appointed iu> his lees trepidation, they ascended to the. parapet, about place. The building at this institution for the manufacture-of...$K56900 ...5,00461 ... 1,637 0059265 ... 2,230 00manding Toe arms of the Guard were slacked, their uniformrelievedofsuperfluitieB,and,withmoreorSalaries lop Commissioners— Surveying...................Rent of offices. •...;..•......... Advertisiny..; SalaryofAppraisers........*******'; •-'•'"••••• ••'•'• T •" . , •'THE CANKER-WORM.whichtbeBaywasdarklinginbrightsunshine,tossedby a brisk and healthful breeze. Of the 32 Barbetter S m : Over " B . N . M - " I find a very iostractrvrguns mounted, eighteen were on the bastion.. Six of to fill a vacancy o 'casioned by the resignation;ot Mrs. A-vis. Itorticle, evidently treating on the measuring-worm of the CirJea' This makes the grand' total of assessments for dam- Clinton then waived a further eacam'mation o n ef New-York and Brooklyn. I desire to ask, and hope h e w » 'When the exercise was ended, Capt. Lovell and hiscommand were cordially congratulated on the brillianteuccees of the drilL Arms were soon resumed, and little chap with brown beard and buttermilk eyes, andare informed, but it will not be in a form to be made public until today. .CONSPIRACY TO DEFRAUD.—John Rushman, a Ger-DEATH FROM APOPLEXY.—Mr.Jbhn P . Sberwin, athe cr n pany returned in order to the Peconic, rocking at tbe entrance the best-dressed man in" the companybroker having sn office at No. 16 Wall; street, was taken sud- denly ill yesterday morning while transacting some business a* • ' his office, and fell to the floor insensible. He wa< immediately . lemoved to the New-York Hospital, where he died shortly after. Coroner Jackman held an inquest on the body, when a verdict ofand hear their gibberish and witness their movements. a soldier's routing welcome greeted Capt. Lovell. Soon as I stepped upon th6 threshold, the biddinglery practice wi'h the bountiful battery of champagne,'. . [Advertisement]He acknowledged the compliment, and offered as a sentiment: ^fThe Defenes of New-York.*' To this Mr. H . J . Raymond responded. H e thanked thekeeper of a boarding-house at No. 67 Greenwich street. apsnmed a lively tone. The man with the pug nose Greenpoint, and owned by New-York pilots, proceed- The complainant alleges that he was induced to go toItmuttbetheworkofthevolunteerstomakeNew- York impervious to any foe. When fleets can sail up the rivers they must be. stopped at their entrance.on a target excursion • to Hamilton Park, Sixty-fifth Stallmeyer, after which he. borrowed $50 of it backagain, giving hia note for the amount. H e was keptblack pants, and; accompanied by an excellent band, drunk all that day, and next morning was told tbat the Broker, a Merchant, a Mechanic, a Lawyer, a Physician, a Otec^Col. Ellsworth of the visiting Zouaves was urgentlydemanded. He found new favor by the utterance of afew sensible, straightforward remarks upon the ne- came freely, as though used to the passage. SeveralFour paeserigers of the ship Ellen Austin, Capt. Gar-rick, from Liverpool, made a complaint oh Wednesday,Stallmeyer and Nathan Dessauer, the runner who in- duced, him to go to the house, on a charge of conspiracy to defraud. • The accused were held to answer by Jus- tice Kelly'in the sum of $500 each..•••-•„•cesbity of cooperation andmu'ual support in the tw o branches of the volunteer service. The success of the Western arms (until very recently held in actual con-the captain and officers of.that ship, for ill-usage during. /Vnot very distant day there will be a national encamp-plainants were directed to proceed .against the guilty parties by a civil suit, that being their only mode ofevils, by permitting the application of dangerous remedies^ o'clock, soas to accommodate those who cannot go at by inexperienced and unskillful hand*. Dr. H. may hew. state that ho has no connection whatever with any persosttheregularhour,4p.m. Thisarrangementgivestwo advertising to cure deafness; neither hashe given peruais>tfg' boats and trains to Long Branch every Saturday after- sionforthe publication of a certificate purporting to emanate from him, and cannot, therefore,, be responsible for anyqueeted me to leave, so tbat the doors could be closed. I left, but was followed by one of the company, who pretended to be a stranger in pursuit of information.Col. Edward Duryea was rapturously brought for- "Do ye "spose a fellar gits the wor h o'his moneydiately left his office, and to ;k the Hudson River Rdl- road train, at 10£ o'clock, to join his son. In his absence, Aid. Wm. J . Peck, President of the Board of Aldermen, is acting Mayor.STREET IMPROVEMENT FINDS.—The Controller is now issuing the csireet-improvement bonds authorized byrecentordinancesoftheCommonCouncilforsup- plyingthedeficienciesintheStreetImprovementBu- reau, caused bydelayin collecting assessments,andhours, 5 hours of which was against a strong tide and almost a dead calm.COMMENCEMENT OF MOUNT ST. VINCENT ACADEMY. —ThefirstannualcommencementoftheYoungLadies' Seminary, known as Mount St. Vincent Academy, at its new location, the Forest Mantion, was celebrated onTuesday. Thepupilsnumberabout150. Among the-clergypresentwereArchbishopHughes,Bishops YoungofErie andMcLaughlinofBrooklyn,Mr.Ken- nedy, Vicar-General of Halifax, and Mr. Starrs, Vioar- General of New-York, Doctors Cumings, Beechan, Cauvin. The Mayor of New-York was also present.Just published by Dr. HAKTJUSV a pamphlet on DISRASXS O » THK EAR, ITS CAUSE, PJUJVKXTION AND CCKK. Price 10, cent* by mail or otherwise.* ' [Advertisement.]QUEEN'S ARTIST RE-ENGAGKD A T HOLMES.TSPHOTOGRAPHGALXJSKY,NO.895BROADWAY.-NOW Isthetime. for fine Pi<:TrHRs, painted true to nature, for little money. Orig- inal $l-portmits reduced t i 50 cents. Card Pictures «4 for $ X HOX-MRS'S G«Hery Is only at 395 Broadway, near Walker**.» [Advertisement.]NEWYORK STATETEACHERS'ASSOCIATION.—Tb«fifteenthannual meeting ofth«s bodywillbeheldinSyra- cuse, commencing on TUKSDAY, July 31, and continuing three days. Ladies attending the Association will be guests o f u e citi- seens. Return t'ekets to members, on several of the rsllroada.IRtbinst., for the parpone of target firing'WithOcm*. A» tM» experiment is mad» as a te«t of the availability of teers and regulars would be found fighting shoulder to watches were offered for sale. A t another shop the otherwise.cor cirfceen soldiery for harbor defense you are respectfully in- vited U> be present, 'f):«. re*uit will be one In which every citi- zen ot New-York *hou!<i f««l deeply in'rr«*t«-d. •*W»pectfu»ly yonr '.bedient servant,ML LOVELL, Capt Commanding-shoulder. The citizen soldiery can give 10,000 men for ten of the U. S. Army. . The same spirit animatesfarce of selling was well got. up, but the parties un-will be free.Tho meeting is likely to-be one of grse* interest.ford, and Maj. Bathbum, of the 6th; CoL Van Baren,Iieut^CeL Ferris, and Capt. Davis, of the 9th; Col. pathy of the volunteer force; and Col. Shamway of devil—will their places be easily supplied? IArmy, and several more commanders, represented the cilman Lent acknowledged it, with earnest assurancessometimes shown to purchasers, but they are speedily• .:'. [Advertisement.^-;.»_^i^; ;>,; ^i,:-^-t . EDWARD H.DIXON,M.D;,.Bdltoi?ofp»" Army of the United States," reciprocating the sym- the 7th, one of the oldert citizen soldiers of New-. . .occasion which excelled the exercises of to-day. Bnt I will not eutaige upon this; there are probably a great many in this audi- ence better able to appreciate the merits of your r>erformancesBoetwkk, of tte 11th; e^-CoL Cox. late of the 12th;IA»at.-Ck>l. Martin, late of the Jlet; CoL Burnham,late of the New-York Volunteers, and other officers,were the local guests of the profession. CoL Ellsworth,of the Chicago Zouaves; Lieut. Webb, of the U. 8. proached the pier—4' The City of New-York." Coun- thing behind it. In each shop are a few gold watches,quents after the 1st of August.THE NEW-YORK SUNDAY-SCHOOL UNION.—The than! urn. W e have the honor of having many distinguishednoticed that each uhop was located on some main York, responded to a compliment to himself and his HTte^ ^ ^&djd and travel—that there is in eachUnion held its regular meeting a t No. 599 Broadway on Wednesday afternoon, the 18th inst.; Wm. Forrest,persons present with u s to-day—not strangers, b u t Mends: Ouly one. thing h a s troubled u s during t h e exercises—.your speeches made us sad—but thh was to bo expected from the na- ture of the occasion, when frietfds and schoolmates were about to take leave of each other. 'But the chief thing that has troubledmeiathedilemmahiwhichoneofthespeakersplacedregiment.The last sentiment was proposed as the boat ap-one adisplayjof faded finery and coarse paintings— that there isascreenm every shop—hinting: of some-distance. TheCityGovernmentwasembodiedinthepe»on* of Councilmen Campbell, Pinckney, Lent, and ment. T b e developments of the day were convincing "pinch-beck" -concerns,-so frequently palmed off Van Tine. Commerce was represented by the Hon. proofrf that the citizen soldiery can be relied "upon. upon the green-horns who cannot distinguiah gold 7?.A. Conkling, Messrs.Blunt, DWT, and others, oft h eCfiAmher.'Ex-MayorSmith o f Brooklyn, several'—i^ :',-.',si'ifA":that the City will do whatever she can to aid the move/The people had lost sight of the fact that New-Yorks5?4yjj«^.<^^&•^Fromthe6thtothe19thf-asfc,457.perB0ni-,malesandlemales, wete transferred from tbe City Prison to tbe Work-House o» BJackwtll's Inland as vagrants or disorderlypereon*; 100 have•A VISIT TOTHE MOCK-AUCTIONSHOPS.—During my*F.W.Trjon E. DunnThe tide was too low to admit the boat at the Fort ciency in a frill supply of water. Dr. Phelps has been appointed a commission appointed for that purpose. T o the submitted tbe affiadvit of Herman Bancroft, the Treas- if living, and my purse is long enough, I am going to give • goldAt<heIslandHospitalDr.A.B"HntcUins baabeen-appointed< amountofdamagesieaddedthecostofthepreHminary urerof theCompany,reiteratingthechargesmadeby m*dalofnotlessthan$50invalue,totheyoungI«*dywhowifl.Assistant Pbysirian, in^plaoe of Dr. C. W . Packard, resigned. work, wbirh has jnstbeen reported to the Controller permission oftheResident Physician or'the CbmmissiDnera. asfollows:Mr. DavSdge. Thereupon Mr. Doyle waived a croas-exnmihation©feither. HethendesiredtheprosecT*-tion to place upon the staondthe officer who-arrestedHoffman, Hugh Masterson, who was in attendance bywrite the'best essay, not exceeding five pages fa length, uposr' this great new science I have spoken of. [Laughter and afr^differentworks,costingwithtleirbatteriesmorethan seven hundredtbousand dollars. In additionto these tbe braiding of large forts is contemplated at JSandy Hook and WiBett's Point, which, when com- pleted, wirt mount not le«s than six hundred guns 3nore, a n d cost when fully armed about three2&i]hons o f dollars. W e have thus a thousand guns i n position, at an aggregate cost of something less than lourmillionsofdollars;andwhenthe projectedworks Cure finished, we shall have six hundred more, at a total cost of about seven millions of dollars. ]mired the noble picture of land and water. Not a few dent Physicians will be appointed by the Commissioners, from' are payable at once. Bj?t*m of heavy artillery instruction among the militia and after the lt>t of August next, to serve without any other com-of the city, and his efforts in carrying out this import- ladies, who might have claimed the motto of the City pensation than that allowed fortheir board, viz: $2T6-per annum, each. The Architect has been directed to prepare the plansfceenseconued byhiscompany—the famousold dentialattitudetothecannon.Theobjectofaim,which Hospital,andtobearrangedaspartoftheLunaticAsylum; ments,andrequestedtheloanci>thebooks^containing insects? .% • The receipt of the sum of £937 65 from the United States Mar- feel doubtful if the required bail can be obtained for This last question is based upon fact,'as any owe may ascertabx City Guard. A case-mate gun and carriage appeared a dark speck in the waves, was a puncheon shal, for board of prisoners at the City Prison and Penitentiary, their accounts, and the particulars of their work thus him, and anticipate no release for him' untiJ after he by inquiry at the Hospital I dislike theories which have n»soap is ratddly approaching completion.AttheAlms-Honseand Lunatic Asylum several subordinate-officers have neen filled, but they are not of public importance: At the Work-Howse, Sophia Lord has been appointed* Mutrourequest. Mr, Clinton- decKaed to- do so, net deem- To the Editor of Th* tr.Y.Tribime.has been ordered that the blind lame,-and decrepit male inmates be transferred to.the Alms-Honse—a place 60 be provided.for their,accommodation during the day out of doom, and attention jrfv*-ntotheirclothingandcleanliness,noworkbeingrequired'of them.and for tbe extension of four buildings, which are under consid- change, makiig the total amount of bail required duced. , ' . ' •' posed themselves upon the embankments and walls, eration, and will be duly reported at the next meetfng: lt-t of June and thenceforward, provided tbe houses 4 An they one kind, or more ? If but one ctassof insects, areipthese, looking directly to t h e sea, were employed inthe drill. Before the firing of the 32-pounders began,theinvitedguestslookedat thepolished instruments,ages $690,054 1 6 .Tbe amount of assessments for benefits is aboutfix the amouxt of bail. Justice Connolly said that in- asmuch astreprisoner wasah-eadyheldin$2S|000 to answer two charges of fraudulent issue of stock, heIs the measuring-worm of our cities the canker-worm*? If mot, what isit?Why dothey spread slowly,Ifnetfromthegreat difficulty with which the females fly at all 1 They were over seven yearsIt is with a view of providing garrisons for theseforts 1hat Capt. Lovell has undertaken to inaugurate a and speculated upon the position of the target, or ad- and Hospital, instructions have been given that the-Deputy Real-rection. T h e system of committing the same person them up. The money to be raised by such assessments twenty times should not present twenty vagrants iuactual existence, when reahy only one was made by the will be due in a few months, and the parties to receive Washington and laid the matter before Governor discharge!. There was very little awkwardaess Court Calendar to represent that number (tweity). it have tbe,right to sue the city for it, and sellFloyd,theSecretaryofWar,whodeclaredhimself Hethoughttbatthese"Revolvers"shouldbesentto theCity-Hallitself,unlessotherprovisionbemadefor shown in the movements primary to the diacharge. the Island at once as disorderly persons for the period the payment of the debt. ,'.'•'•the eggs are destroyed.THE ACADEMY ON THE SALE OF PbtsoKS.—^The ''1 AcademyofMedicineieendeavoringtochecktheia-er of Gen. Scott to authorize the expenditure of publicveterans;course, but the business transacted was not made known.ammunition by the State militia, Capt. Lovell went toA round of blank cartridgea and thirty balls wereVery favorably impressed with the plan, and offered it The professional artillerist of Fort Hamilton could de- six months, or longer, thus saving the Courts, officers,.Commission,andthe whole community thenecessity of a continued commotion from a class of persons who seem to be fixtures in the Courts, Prisons, and Work- Houees.RAILROAD CONVENTIONATTHEST.NrcnoBAs.—On Wednesday morning a Convention of Railroad discriminate sale of poisons in this city. At a meetingevery encouragement, foreseeing that in this wayalone could we ever hope to perfect an adequate sys-tem of defense for our great maritime, cities. Thearmy of the United Statesdoes not contain more than noneers. The discharge of the pieces was the leastThe assessments for benefits alone, amountingto $700,000, will bring in a very snug little sum to the Collectors, who are authorized to retain 2^ per cent ofManagersandDirectors,representingadozen ormoredifferent roads, was organized at the St, Nicholas Ho-tel, to agree upon the best manner of getting up andofthatbodyonWednesdayevening, thefollowingre- solution was unanimously passed:Resolved, That the New-York Academy of Medicine, desiring" to express its approbation of all proper measures designed to3,000 men in the artillery regiments, and many of successful of all the actions. The uncertainty of ex-these are doing duty in the remote West, on the fron- plosion was partly due to the unreliability of the fric- tier,asinfantry. WelearnfromtheChiefEngineer's tiontubesusedforlightning(theyarecondemnedbyNumber remaining July 7, 1060.. Admitted since ; •7,260 1,958it is opei'ly asserted in some of the public-offices thatthe Mayor is aiming to play a very adroit dodjge in thematter. Themoneytoberealizedisasufficientobject,it. is asserted, to induce his Excellency to protractsomewhat indefinitely his examination of the accounts,Atlantic seaboard, and examining the question off in- creasing freights and fares to a remunerative standard for the Fall.Mr. Brydgea was appointed President and Mr. Tib- bard, Secretary, after which Messrs. J : Edgar Thomp-unrestricted sale and use of" poisions, hereby respectfully re- quests tbe New-York College of Pharmacy to cause to be for- warded to everr apothecary in this city a copy of"tue act re-* larir'gto the sale of poisons—passed by-the last Legislature, a c - companied with the request of this Academy, that strict adher> ence be given to theprovisions of that law.Reports that the fortifications .already completed for pea-coast defense will require, not less than thirtythe best gunners), and partly, no doubt, to the ner-xotat.....*..«..... ...•.................*.. «7,«'-.o JL.1CU•.................. .................. v4 Discharged. ..1,502Sent to Penitentiary andWorkhouse.... ZiSvousness of tbe men, w ho pulled the languards con- th&usand men in garrison, while those in contem- nected with the tubes unevenly. As the smoke rolledSent to State Prison......;Number remaining July 14,186012—1,897 7,321so that he may secure the benefits to be derived out of son, T . E. Blackwell, Nathaniel Marsh, Dean Rich-BUBGT,ARY ANT) ARSON.—On Thursday moraing-Henry Scbunman of No. 163 Leonard street discovered two OUT- 1plationorincourseofconstructionwillrequireanaddi.ional force of thirty- two thousand men—62,000inalL Knowing these facts, a n d being impressed withthe conviction that an adequate number of instructedup; soon 10 be diseipated by the rapid air, and the mu- sic of the flying ball souided in the horizon, eager vision was directed to the target; when the success of the shot was determined by the simmer of the hotIncrease.. Bellevue Hospital......61..1,004 Fourth District Prison.....4thisjobtobis.ownfriends,afterhavingeffectedoneor two more removals "for cause," which, it is under- stood, he has in contemplation. ,-MINOR CITY ITEMS.—Yesterday was tho hottestday of the season. The weather was so close and op-pressive, and everybody suffered such an agony ofmond,A.Stone,jr.,andMr.Brydgeswereappointed glarainbisstore;Heraisedanaarm,whichbroughtofficer Kennedy of the Sixth Precinct to his assistance, when be suc-tecteligr-tdeparturesfromthe manual, but confessed that these were only noticeable because of the extraor- dinary general precision and harmony of the raw can-the whole amount for their trouble in collecting it; and maintainiDg passenger rates between the-West and the protect the community against the evils liable to result friin the12 Colored Home expressed astonishment and admiration by cheersand City Prison '. [261 City Cemeteryand capableartillerists would never beforthcoming un- metal in tbe water, the spectators and the sporfjmen Randall's Islandicesunder some such plan as proposed by Capt. Lovell, Randall's Island/Hospital.. 267 Children at NurseSecretary Floyd gave it a cordial and hearty support. hand-clappings. It were exaggeration to say that all Second District Prison ..... 28Without delay, he sent orders to.Fort Hamilton, directing the Commandant in charge to afford Capt. Lovell every facility in practicing his company atThird District Prison 33The Board then adjourned.T o t a l . . . . .. .7,321perspiration that it were vain to attempt t o do justice Agent. . •target-firing with the heavy guns, and authorizing an 2d Regiment Artillerists stationedat the Fort. In theexpenditure of ammunition eqaal to that provided yearly f^r a company of artillery in the regular,service. The Secretary also intimated that if. the experiment \eaa successful he would endeavor to bring the subject fefore the next Congress, and recommend an appropri- ation for thespecific purpose of instructing the citizen Soldiery in the manual tf firing tbe heavy sea-coast gons. From the reputation, numbers, and standing of the City Guard, there can be no doubt that they will unanimously respond to- the call made upon them to lead the way in this new direction, and thus vindicate the wisdom of their selection as tbe Pioneer Company.third round there were three shots that would havebeenpraiseworthyfrommostpracticedhands;inthe shortstayinthiscityIhavefrequentlypassed,oneof theirnewGrandSachem,JamesConnor,esq-inthetbe shooting was good, but much of it was very good, and for the purjx>ses of defense all of it was sufficient. The average aim was nearly as correct as that of theCITYITEMS.to the subject.... The Supreme Court, General Term, Judges Sutherland, Leonard and Bonney, adjourned yesterday morning, sine die The Tammany Society held.ameetiog on Wednebday evening, a n d installedJPomiylvania Railroad.—J. Edzar Thompson, President. lludion River.—Samuel Sloan, President.Cleveland and Erie' Railroad.—A. Stone, jr , President. Cleveland, Columbus and Cincinnati.—JU. M. Willoiighby,President.Michigan Southern.—E. M. Gilbert, President.Boston and Worcester.—-E.'B.'Phillips, Supe.rintendlent. Toledo, Wabash and Western.- J3ood7, President; Warrer*Colburn. Vice-President.Buffalo and Erie.—Dean Richmond, Vice-PresidentlChicago, Pittnburgh and Fort Wayne.—Q. VV. Cass, President; J. J. Houston, General-Freight Agent. \-Proposals have been received from a d»>zen or more buildersTen or twelve da7arago,.Mayor Wood sent his mes-ant object and demonstrating iu feasibility, hare Guard, " Sans peur et sans reprochc," stood in a confi- . forthwith for the extension of the building oocupied as the Island senger to the office of the Commissioners of Assess- mitted to tbe Tombs to answer. The prisoner's friends trees, filled with a liquid, as to prevent the' ascent of creeping"were procured duiing the past Winter, and hogshead anchored at a point about a mile and a quar- from 1st July to 3lst December, ^.059, ia acknowledged. far, in connection with parties to be benefitted or dam-The requisition made on the Controller for the sum of $50,000 has had a trial.placed*in# ^Re spacious drill-room of the City terdistant,justbeyondthechannel. Thesameposition wasdulyhonored,andtheamountdepositedinbanktothecredit aged along thelineoftheChambersstreetextension.zens desirous of visiting the institutions on Blackwell's and:Ran- Board yesterday, the resignation of A- Dobken of thethe notice of Gen. Scott, bis sagacity and foresight at fleet of fishing smacks in the exact range of the guns. dall's Island; as welLat other points under, their government, consequence of waring down buildings, and the other Second Ward was accepted. The complaint against been measurably, but not. entirely, protected by thoVis chosen for the regular drills of the Fort. Operations of the Commit sioners. These books embraced two separate sets of aicounta— mThe Comnisrionejs have unanimously resolved th8twhile they POLICE COMMISSIONERS.—At the meeting' of theproof in facts, particularly where ample opportunity is offered* toattestthem. SIORSX.New- York, July 17,1860.The trees in the New-York Hospital grounds bavaGuard, and 41 thorough system of instruction gonethrough with. When tbis movement was brought to were at first threatened with serious hindrance by a are willing to extend every proper facility for strangers and citi- the one relating to those to be paid for their losses inOtoe satisfied him that great and important resalts were Tbe sturdy voice of the metal warned them away, and there being no provision for the entertainment of large parries to the parties to be assessed for the improvements idtroughs. Many of the large elms are every year al-paying these visits, no refreshments will he»eafter be included in likely to ensue from .this plan if it coald be steadily tbe craft gradually disappeared, although the track of tbepermbiBion or invitation to visit the institutions.followed up and perfected. He caused a letter to be the balls was frequently crossed during the exhibition. The report was adopted.During the meeting Mr. DRAPER remarked that theOfficer Chris. Hogan was dismissed.^rritfen to-tbe commanding officers of the forts in the Capt. Lovell superintended the battery from the, vagrants had become the chief source of extraordinary urgent requests and demands of the Commissioners, of Columbia College held a meeting yesterday after- before the eggs of these moths hatch, to scrape tko harbor,expressingadesirethattheyshouldgiveevery hattion. Themenbore theammunition fromthe etaiittics aspresented bytheyearly reports ofthe whoarehinderedintheperformanceoftheirdutiesin noon,attheLawCollege,inLafayettePlace,,forthe trunksofthetrees thoroughly,and wash them with*.. facility to aid this enterprise. It not being in the pow- magazine, and went to their guns with the firmness of Courts, Prisons, snd Department of CbarituB and Cor- consequence, nothing could move the Mayor to give purpose efmahing arrangements for the next collegiate whale-oil soarp, by which means a large proportion of'Lunatic Asylum. Alms-House... .1 Penitentiary....'. Work-House Small-Pox Hospital..757 Island Hospital, Pm Work- 1,400 House V*--...'. .*.*•'. 279661 Island Hospital, from Alms- 970 JutOUSC • • • * • • • • ••• •'• •#•**.•a Committee to bring business before the meeting, and an adjournment was taken until yesterday morning a t 9 o'clock. The following are the names of the officers attending the Convention^ and the roads represented by ibem: 'Netb-Ycrk Central.—Dean Richmond. Vice-President: C Fdgar, General Superintendent; C . Drullard, General Freight81 267 937 Colored Orphan Asylum... 180 173 12The subject is one of vast importance. Nearly sixJjuno'redmillionsdollarsofproperty,andmorethana.inginoneofthecabins,andafieralivelylightartil- Promptedbycuriosity,Ideterminedtohaltamoment forHavre,wasseenonthe15thinst.at10a.m.,off inst.,complainedyesterdaytoJusticeKellyofhaving attheFifthavpnue'Hotel,anunmarried1man.Heisreputedtoin the risen waves. A refreshing collation was wait- sparkled with gold—that is if all be gold that glitters.man emigrant, who arrived in this city on tbe 16th death from apoplexy was rendered. Mr. Sherwin was a boarder have been worth $75,000-.been swindled out of $100 by Herman Stallmeyer, thewatch, whose works he desired me to investigate. A tnoon at 4 and 5£ p. m. The 4 p. m. boat returns to alarming: consequences resulting from rashness and despera- . •• the city at 7\ p. m. via Sandy Hook, so as to give ex- tion. The loss of money may not be material to some persons,but the deprivation of one of the most important p( the sense* ought to be regarded and treated with more than ordinary solici-tends definitely to convict them of prodtitation, may be his dream." Had I pointed^ pistol at his heart he- arretted and imprisoned as vagrants Yesterday could not have been more disconcerted and alarmed.. morning a special messenger arrived at the City Hall,pencil, and at once " a change came o'er the spirit of.cursionists a view of the harbor and a cool sail.FAST YACHT SAILING.—The schooner yacht Zinga, teed where malformation does not exist. Thirteen years* closeMypencilwastohimwhat thespearofIthurialwastothetoad—atouchrevealedthebadspiritindisguise.from Amenia, Dutchess*County, informing Mayor Woodof:theseriousillnessofhisson,whoisatCapt.H.H.Thomas,left SandsPoint, L.I.,at5:20 andalmost undividedattentiontothisbranchofspecialpractice-.. has enabled him to reduce his treatment to snch a degree of$700,000,towhichthe interest ©€that sum,fromthe time of the confirmation on the 13th of March, will be-the pyramids of balls, the- casement guns, and all thesubstantial appointments of the fort, and finally dis- for the erection of a House of Recreation on Randall's Island. added. The damages were, made payable after the wouldfix the bail in the preaent case at $1,000 on each In spreading as marry blocks hi Brooklyn, when first" intro-At tbe Lunatic Asylum, Randall's Island and Blbckwell's Inl- were actually tora down. T-he benefit assessments $22 000. The prisoner was then examined on the those he exsmined the same as infested the Hospital grounds-a.tak'iugtheprelhhiriairy e t e p s | f f l p | ^ ^ | W M l ofonefor each. The Miaeijnary CommitteerepCrtod anunusuallylargeattendanceatquiteanumberof khe schools. OneoftheGerman•;visitors pftheSociety,-—*w——»———————a——<mm ••• * —————theywillnotgointboshopthemselves,butgivethe spectingourAmerican Sabbath-schools. A Commit- isofthe*utmostimportsne*.youngladh*,tbatyoushould IBBT^S*' This Board met yesterday afternoon, at the Rotunda, eipnal by clapping their hands, by.whistling, or other tee was appointed to prepare such a paper for gratui- a ?ood education, should be accomplished; cultivated, <rr*cefal, . jread,from whichwemake thefollowing extracts:CONCLUSIONOn Thursday morning, the, examination of Fred-No persons will hereafter be allowed to visit the City Prison, except on permit obtained!from the Superintendent of Out-Door Poor.soon parted."THE CHAMBEKS-STREET BjEnwsw»~ Cuiuors check of the Pacific Mail Steamship Company, Wo. Even though she may rM,hare to jpractfoeft,though «Wwatches,hewillfindthat "a>foolandhismoneyareOF THE HOFFMAN EXAMINATION.—A COCNTRYMAJ*.ing Masterson8 evidence at aBInecessary. Mr.'the charges made, and desired .the magistrate to- answer, the following questions:charges, and when asked what he bad to say in refer- seven y ears since ? And why have those trees (over sixty, I ~b+. - ence to them, replied, " I am not guiUty; I consider alh lieve) Been effectually protected from the presence of the meas-tbe charges most infamous." He was then folly com-uring-worm for five years past, by troughs se placed uponUse-the various streets adjacent thereto. The books havenot been returned. Notwithstanding the repeated and' COLUMBIA COLLEGE L A W SCHOOL.—The Trustees this protection. It is customary, every Spring, justeons have'accepted an invitation from the Command-eries of New York city and Brooklyn to- visit At the appointed hour yesterday the Convention re Eighteenth street. The accused occupied apartments io theFrench, Grand Commander of the United States.... The Cnnard steamer Etna, Capt. Anderson, left .yes- terday for Liverpool, with 30 cabin passengers, and the same number in the steerage. She. takes out" $214,600 in specie..-.The steamship Adriatic, hencesiderablebusinessofimportancewastransacted,we ockeduptoanswerbyJusticeKelly.He almost instantly stopped the sale, and politelyre present sojourning at that place. The Mayor imme- 5 a. m. on tbe 16th inet., making the run inside of 36 by a steady attention to ths means prescribed..doubtedly came to the conclusion that I was too ver-'aH—love of country. Almost a cardinal principle of dant or too poor to risk a bid. I visited half a dozen parties indebted to the City for tbe use of the Croton, The programme consisted of musical performances,[Advertisement.]1Arepublicanism is that there shall be no large standing shops, and did not witness one genuine sale. How do have been coming to the office of that department in Birging, speaking, and prizes,the distribution of whichREYNARD & CO.,At noon a number of gentlemen responded with their army. Our little army of 16,000 soldiers does the these sharks live and pay rent in these valuable build- presenceattheWall-streetferrypier, andembarked, workof60,000,anddoesitwell,withlittlecreditand ings? Arethere foolBenoughinthecountrytosup-tbe Rotunda, Park, and paying off their dues, daily; was made by the Archbishop. Miss Ellen M. LynchPATRMT HOUSEKBRMCR'S Rirut, IXKALLIULK INSECT rOWMSK,t •.•:x-without delay, in company wi*h the City Guard a n dDodworth'B Band of 25 pieces, upon the boat Peconic,gratuitously tendered for the occasion by the UnionI'erry Company. Ex-Col. Duryea and Col. Saum- •' show us the enemy / "•way, of the 7th Begiment; Col. Pinckney, Maj. Craw- Lieut. Webb answered the toast to " The Regular ments? When the hammer of death knocks down The cause of tbis rush is the fear of the additional 5 per many anniversaries in which you received the testimonial* ofThe only truly reliable articles to exterminate. Bedbug*, 'less pay. The citizen soldiers demand the right to as- port them by purchasing their worthless wares ? CanCroton-Bugs. Moths, Garden Insects, Rats aad Mioe. Principal Depot, No. loT Broadway, Sold by «U Druggis**.a [Advertisement,!• < >,CROTON WATER RENTS.—Since the 1st of Maytheir numbers largely increasing toward the list. A t presenfthere are hundreds rushing in, and the coffers of the department are being fast replenished. Onof Brooklyn received the highest honor. T h e number of graduates was six., andYER«rraDai1srnasi ..MY DKAU C>in.PKR2r ANU YOCTNG LADIKS: I have witnessed theto auctioneers to their highest bidder, the cent which will be charged to the account of delin- merit to which you were entitled, but I do not remember any^nervous Debility, local and general* Mental De*;5'pression, and Loss of Memory, cured b y ortgUtal and psWlss*treatment, unattended by risk or the loss of time, by the inooosr- ,parable—lu this specialty—M. LAXXONT, Physlcka and Surgvot*.Author, 4 c , No. 647 Broadway, up-staira, New-Yerk, from. a * . Lro- to 5 p. m., nnd evenings from 1 to 9. See the handredacf to*,timonialsinhispopularbook. f ,.•<.;; vm$ ,«, ','• * • , ••• '' • ' . . .. " _ .'•;•> ,>Si3Vv*» *.£.'.'••• /fir •:'.,[Advertisement] .'• . . '^v-?..;HOYT.'S HIAWATHA HAIR KBOTORATSTEM thebest article in the market far giving to gray *r red heir a lifelike black or brown. See advertisement, In another ©damn. » ^fi^-H-^fUntitled Document:Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069. *' ' ' '.•:••''.;esq., in the' chair.for the month were reported to be $1,582. The agentT h e receiptB for the parent Society301r. , TBARNTJM'S MUSEUM is full o f wonders.and large eyes made a bid, and the auctioneer brought ed, down the bay on a trial trip on Wednesday/and Stallmeyer's house by a runner. While there, he was in tbe palmiest days of the great showmen, was this ntoce enjoy-performed to the admiration, not only of all interested, ing irreater pronperity. Thousands are daily, and'at'all hours, so incautious as to display a bill of exchange for $400- enjoying the sights and wonders there to be seen. Look at thw madetberoomringagain,shoutingatthetopofhis butofjudgesof.navalarchitecture. Sheisof96tuns Hewasthenmadedrunkbytheproprietorofthe list:TheGIANTBABY,"yearsold;weighing257pounds,and.burden, and in every respect a beautiful and fast measuring more around his waist and chest than any living man, , house, and while in that condition w as induced to be- 61 inches. The ALBINO FAMILY, with skin and hair, as white a*'."vessel Tbe Butchers' Light Guard, Capt. Kolhau, come a partner in the business. Next morning,he milk, though born of black parent*. The Great Living BtAOK •< numbering 78muskets, turned out yesterday morning SEA LION ; WHAT Is IT. &C ; with CI»J>KBJ«.I.A La the Leotsrs>-mdrew $200 cf his money from the broker, ind paid it to Room, by the Juvenile Fairy Troupe...his hammer to the counter, with a concussion thatvoice, Going! going! going! gone! and the purchaserpaid his bill, pocketed his watch—and I watched my and evidently came t o t h e conclusion they h a d athe salesman ought to be wound up; that he, like the taining a live ftock prize. About 20 calves, 30 sheep meyor gave him $50, returned him his note for $50, a full written statement, of your true character. /•[Advertisement.] ^Another watch was immediately putandfounditwaslikethefaceoftheauctioneer,very' theywerefollowedbyalongcortegeofmarketwag- partnershipofStallmeyer&,Rustmanwasdissolved, gymau,aTeacher,oranArtist? Beforedecidingupoaeither.pigeon to pluck.up, and I was politely invited to examine it. I did so,street. The men were dressed in check shirts andwatch, should put his hands on his facefor very shame,His lies were not little white ones, hut great, black,' awaited the return of the company from the field-.. -.and then requested him to leave the premises. Rust-••'andbids were made, but the auctioneer stopped the saleindisgust because I would not venture to make a bid.He said there would be no more sales that day,anddis-missed me with a bow. Half an hour after ward he wasratlling off his lieBat the usual speed. I next visiteda shop, where a young and good-looking man, withfine talents and a noble head of hair for that business,exerted h i s best efforts t o make a sale. His accom-plices were suddenly and deeply interested in the redress....By a decision of Judge Leonard, iu thebouncinglies,unctious withfatness,a n dtheyin the United States District-Attorney's office, against•thevoyage. One passenger, it is.alleged, had a stick» • 'TRAINS TO LONG BRANCH.—In order to do away of the Ear at his residence, No. 88 East Slxteenth-st. opposita |exchanged,byslight-of-haudmanipulations,forthe oftheSocietyreportedthathehadbeencalledtomaketwenty-six especial Sunday school addresses in the tbe Shiteifc of Charity, by quoting a remark from me. True it ia Scalpel, and Operating and Consultiug Surgooa, No; ^*J*"«r*several divisions during the past month. Four churchea which have at preaent no Union Schools arethat they have "none to overlook them upon this hallowed Office consultation* on the more obscure diseases of tm ftvlg (•round but angi-ls;" unless, indeed, our Jersey friends on the vhicera. Rupture, Piles, Varicocele, smd Fistula, mdlcaUy cute*assembled and proceeded to transact the business of same bouse, and taking advantage of tbe young lady's absence* broke in the do«r of her room and stole $50 worth of clothiug *|them, and will-leave Washington on Thursday ofnext week. They will be accompanied by B . B . the day in the order preeented by the Committee. Con- and jewelry. He wa* detected while leaving the house, and WM >he was rolled about the deck and bruised. The boats- proving hiJ success unequaled, and protecting the deaf frona- tan and Delaware Bay Railroad Company run a bjl'ing swindled by . paying self-styled Aurists exorbitant jonthe14thinst".,andarrivedatPortsmouth,N.H.,at successastofindthemostconfirmed1andobstinatecasesyieU'other aide of the river may look down upou theai.[Laughter^without the knife or ligature. and1to deveuhiga.Offictj hours ftom 9 to 9, 1 to KyouogiadW lit^f before'me? Here,then,are the SW^** ^ tweentwotvUofarttels,tbeouftovtriookm?*themfrom Vb»W and the other lookfeg'up to them for guidance W *•' '"most denuded of tbeir foliage by the worms, in spite of' 1.'.'ceeded in arresting one of the burglars, named Edward Culler- ton. Tbe oiber leaped out of a rear window and escaped' tbrougb the back yard, carrying with hiin $35 worth of boots and shoe*. \ The captured burglar was taken before Justice Kelly a n d com- . raittcd to answer. The prisoner, after betes; discovered In tbe stoic. h»d set the window curtains on fire, hoping to-escape i»f»! the confusion. Thefirewas easily extinguished by the officer.•,« .'•.v..,;:'.:•A CHAniTYTDoBGE.—Magdalena Schultz, a German:woman, was on Wednesday apprehended, bv. the • Eleventh Ward Police, charged with having obtained alms by false- representations. Her st^ry was well-told, and represented m husband wasting away with a broken leg, also sundrv arms audi !?»> other valuable members o f the human anatomy. T h * husband was ascertained to-be a fictitious one, and bis ujnries-existing, ., only in her imagination. The complainant lives In WiTJIams- bcrgh, and the prisoner was sent there forexamination.. •aIN MY LADY'S CHAMBER.—A man, givinghi»namO"'as William Craddock. was arreted on Wednesday night byOfll-v * cer Kaveny of tbe Sixth Ward, charged with having broken into $ the rooms occupied by Miss Saran Marten, at No. X38 Westtude. Deafness, noise in the head, and all disagreeable discharge* from the Ear, speedily and permauontlyremoved. without caus- ing the least pam or inconvenience. A cure in all cases guaran-Never,, www.fultonhistory.com'- 