 >to go'downdamp and impure, and remain perhaps an hour.tvords as amicus ri—SKU^Ot^'iMsCUCKtiCB.about one htmdred TTnltarlan ministers in the world;from BeH-/e to Jamaica. He will leave the colony a known for several weeks of his having the money Btata of-Loaiakaa vBMMSfeat, in any ^ape, a*KUCTION. 1TW ofns'uuOlbvB MMS AJiD.THCronfitoement he was reica-if d, and Immeliatcly com- mt-iiced buit for :t5O,000 damair''s, and has since gonepaymentTreasury, met withoutintlepaiitTitllitUjwout. Itlo ment.%S^^wbQeM«thaeieet«oalays,Bcll{ila«BServicesTo-JIotfow.Eev. Dr.Wm.Hogk,colleagueof Dr. Spring,serious disttirbancebroken, 'xbcIncubosof is SlayeiTtte Fourth of March next officesChurch, Rev. Dr. Sroans',tween Truxillo andla OT.r the election jnaiantadulterous intercourse with the prisoner. present tesUmony had contradictei his sfBdaTitmadefortheprisoner'sarrest. Intheaffila- vlt. which the counsel the had swornIncommenting<mtheresult:England to lay his case tiefore the ho.-ne Govern-^easBch momentoiu consequences depend. a>«C»«K»»i«« allows itself to speak on the sub-«bM*«katJIr.I'aR»w has been elected to hold theSSSedastt. the pbUcy wliich will be Inaugur^ S^ttSaSefflion to power of the leader of thelle^b- auPartr ; but we trust that, by God's blessing, thoseA C«ri««a Bosl. from the St, Louis JtepatfiMn.Niw-OaUABS, Wednesday, Oct. 31.One of the funniest duels that I ever heard oi^ came made by Edward F. Cowles, awarded to the People' "^ jM, It remarks tMtavenues. The third concert of the quarterlySchool will be given in the evening.Sunday-off a few days ago on the GentlUy Road, the principals being two young French Creoles of the Second Dis- trict, Messieurs Su Roius and CAaaixaB. Their cause of ad ion dates back a twelvemonth or more, and had Its origin in an accusation preferred by C. against Sr. R., ot iiaving WTltten a letter to the Li/e ut Boston, (excuse me for expecting you to name the filthy sheetan amountof about$43,500,as the of taxes prop"ortionresiMmdble oiBce in the gift of the people of ttese SSLd ^^^ Many and reasonable feara have beenThe Twenty-fourth Anniversary of the Youth's Burman Bibleaud School Society will be held In the er-street Baptist Church this evening.due from the corporation known as The MutualSatety Insurance Company," for a period of sixyears previous to tts dissolution in October, 1850. The People claimed from 1843, %r for seven years.fcanwlU prove gienndless, and that peace and pros-exfictiy fte same ground as that of any social meeting—as a Tight which they cannot with any religious honor abandon, and which Spain cannot without the grossestCanrt of General .Sessions.•? 10 costs. Same vs. Same.—Motion denied, with costs to abideisaadalandinjusticerefuse."IBK BAPTISTS IN OHIO.The CoBTcntion of Baptists in OUo assembled inSamevs.Sam''.—Granted coststoabideevent. ;MONETARY AFFAIRS. gales at the Htock Exchange—Nov. n.JhTM*" ""J^JJl'^iencT tointo mis- politicalcorner Rcniten and Henry streets, iSmteTot he^TMth, but for an honest capable evening. Services to commence atBjoolilyn,brieflytestimony,difference that both the buyers and sellers of paper aire iadis-£i:S^"a',oth'ls?c.io^n"i ?Sl4Ts:ia=nod°n?an^be doll, K very well; they also state that tliewas ,,ui(t. ami that werewith they everywhererharjed that if itlowed the prisoner to take the T'oslni?anyobjection.It wouldbenoends ol nnnatifiitinnoiFreedom. ThesiGaoTvcaeranrmeennotienm<^ui^ci-collection wUi be lalven incountrytreatedmoney,3!:!^o"tSthe''righteousto of bills.press business,evenonthe bestclass veryAssociation, which commend iZi.li «hrfr i-ase. And yet the day of their jafe and pathy and aid of llic wliolercspi i:t.\ presentery cautious In regartl lo expressing tiielr opinions.1 understand from a friend that in a late debate inthe HondurasjurySS^fornotmlSrorlegial.tlonvery much oppotcd to tne Government, butSSeable eSS«:ipatlon J^tuaiwuration of an ora of freedom atclaUon is in excellentftke bliidgeunHenry Brosiue, who had beenreceiving Bay Island on account of the extra, larceny, having the property alleged to expente vMdch such a course wouil entell have been stolen by the prisoner last wasat the North can wUl b, rtlbly hastened byExchangefor the Fulton to-motrow isW ashlngtOD. Tke teat of Govemmem Is emancipated from the raleand There will betheGoremment organ at Com-i-dict of The acquittal.charged.andtnebowie-knife. ThePost-ofSce ta •maiKipeted fh>m the tenors of mob-law. Toeamixting,publi.'-hefioftrad£ andttawlarefreed from the raf- slare-drlret's. Nortliemootton^erchantsthat one of thetyoagua, the oppositionmembersobjected as received indictedforgrandmcrcliant bills atThe additional fall on the 8tock»^"J^Q^waysfaoismofare eaiancipated from the dread of dliunlon. And, Christian Union ar.d the American Seaman's Friend„Exchange country. He was replied to by a Government mem- brought out and discharged by proclamation, the Dis- to-day is more decided than yesterday, the feeling ler, wno stateM that on the contrary the people of trict-Attorney stating that he should not press the ill tlie afternoon at one time near akin toieeBanel'psted• -. .piosecution.Thebat- Wiiiiam- son, was Irfought on, when the complainant withdrewcompMnt, and the prisoner was discharged."The Court then adjourned till Monday morning, atJosxsanoMr. Tnosit^w. twothe island, who had committed no offence, were the head of our legal column, will tie taken up*at 4Icit ofl' at about the lowest rates of the day, de-a joi^it commission from tlie terroilnn that has so long 4 Society.upon the tried,t of all, speech and p«n and Tote ai the Boath, willIhofC Islands were wealthy, and were not only a*ylcbeing panic, and the Share market,,' laprcsted aor Ixateit Ukd manty sentiment against jj^^ Chas. C. Gos, Secretary of the New-to be taxed for the.1 .n* Oteerver, writing wbOe the e«»itest was pend-..support of a garrison at Ruatan,prisoner Halpln,indicted for assault andgenerally,o'clock,•Tery."induced to pay tile $5,900 annually to the Mofquito King for the education ofhis subjects, which the treaty called f )r.Two days before the^ arrival of the Taylor,, Mr.teryperson"mweTet"Wketlter the maa of onr ehoiee, or one whom we on- MMfla called to ftdmlnirter the GoTemment, it Is MIdntyandoudesireasgoodclUifnsto submitto iii«eelslom of the people, and do all that In "w lies % Meeene the coiatiy from violence wr disorder,persons belonging to11 o'clock, Calendar,' which will be found atCan 8«Terei(atjr be Gnllty af I<aehe« tIS THE COIlECTIOM OF TAXES BASKED BT THE BTATOTE OF LIMITATIONB?The People of Ike Stale of New-York vs. Tkei( Pneident, the conntry Is ours.will be preaching lish at 7 o'clock.in German at 4K P.M.,and inEng-Erfe an on the cash bids. As being exceptionnearly as we could arrive at tlie closing quotationsthe Viivtstthe sennooB.Rev. A. D. GiLLETTK, D. D., will preadi to theyoung at 3 P. M., in the Calvary Baptist Church, » As was almost universally eipectSi, "" J!^?^ West Twenty-thlrd-street, between Fifth and Sixthis la tbefutore; in o'clock,In mmAmSig^St^ ameiSSie the quesbon on Chareh. Rev,Madison-square PreebyteHan Imprisonment and the payment of $SW. Ci.uai, B. D., win preachZaaesTiUe on the 35th. About 30O persons were in at-tendance. Rev. B. M. RiCHAasson, ef Hamilton, safety in going to the West, is by way of^Bulfalo orpeached the opening sermon, and the Stete Boardwe learn that the aaoaatof missionary labor performed was equal te ftSZ weeks, by one man. Number of baptisms by mis-guiltymanded fur sentence...anbmltted ite report. From itA>aaries, 218. The Convention is out of debt, and lb the B4ttoT itftkt New-York Times :Virginia Micha* f Toot.^;, aii/is Norton, arraigned upon four 4.tco doSt. 6s..Railroid.haa asurplus in its treasury. The report recommended Ihe e4mimencement of no new mission, unless the CoBventlen were prepared and determined to sustain M, until a self-supporting Church was established. The report was adopted.The Treasurer's report presents the following stetls-10,000 do 6,000 dosl5 40ii 76 350 Michigan Cea. R.. BOJif^osecuUoncommenced the examination of theTotal receipts, $3,713 01 ;expenditure, Includ-6,000 Ulch. So. S. /.B. liii 100 M. So. & N. L G. S. ilMtlcs :|hsfdebt,2,7<399. Balance,$959M. Themissionary ermon was preached by Rev. J. L. Dodolab, returned missionary&omtheBaaseinStetion. Acollectionof 9M, to i>e equally divided between home and foreign'aaa, was then talun. Besolntloos were adoptedupon the sum of $5,000 to be raised during the ag year, land designating Mansfield as the nextplace of meeting.Ob Sunday last the <me himdrsdth anniversary of 4L Paul's (P. E.) Church, In Philadelphia, was cele- tnted. The Pastor, Rev. Br. Niwton, delivered ai600 III. Cen. K. Bds. S33j 400 do 4.800 do 94 3«0 do 2.000Chi.ilN.W.l3tM.S4 300 do2797^37X3J?j s3037i( 8l037!» b3a37)t b«0 37!4has a very interesting history. It was the fourth Eph<- aopal Church in Philadelplua, and the congregation was the third of that denomination, St. Peter's hav-"kaa singte corporation.The first Episcopal Congregation formed in the cityA Ward af Preeaatiea ta Salesmen, To the Editor itf Iht y^w-York Times :Annually, many bu^ess men die from disease of the lungs, caused directly or indirectly by going in-,200 do 100 do ir, do 60 do 100 dofOHud. Kiv. R..- 60 do45 Harlem Rkw been erected as a'Cfiarch, and both congregations for many years form-34K b60 34)^Chapel of Ease" to Christthe womim, Catherine No limber witnesses were examined. Upon inquiry, the Court learned that tlie prisoners were married, and, therefore, in-thret thonaand distinctly ao.twenty Unitarian churches, now there are not lesspearl wiiUout—Price. ,atont bIm.No other witoesses were called in thetoward UM<:F«<telal Union. Thenow there are There na^ then udidoyal a^tthan tHiee thotuaadfive hundred."irgwho met goesneaily populationof about fifty thousand Unitarians, prlncipaUy In Tran-ylraola, now thereact of his iJxcelleucycase,1 he jury should not place confidence In the state- Orleans, althoiigh called for on fte fere of a farther"«••Federal GoTemment. For '"«''•" J«-'"~j!5 wUl preach on behalf of the Female Magdalen Benevo- with Col. RimLERand his guard at a small village be-lent Society, in the Pilfc'rlmhe then had the ilid not complain of auv ill-treatment oohan.is, an wiidom.allegedlarcenybeforemakingacomplaint. Thebyday arc about 108figurestelegraphedgreat energyDr. Boacuian-s Church, to bid farewell to.\sserably, in theproocedini?s of widchprisoner was, therefore, dis-^that the great advantages to accrue to thesons a.sses&ed, and that in this Stote the People suc-in the 7,4 o'clocli. A aid of the objects of the themselvestothesym- eoinnmmty. TheAsso- 1 is mauivgedwithand without inter-The give due weight to the fai;t that the complainant had allowed three months to oa-ss aftersame ss on our last report, but with thein the evening, at P^v. Mr. Gil- as a missionary to CaUao. Peru, under from the American and Foreignwerecent,, with sales of good 107'ffil073,York Evangelical Alliance, will preach, at S P.M., in the Local Pieacher.s' large tent, junction of Broad-noting an average fall of 2}^cent since ''Thurs-way, Fifty -eighth-streetand Eighth-avenue. Thereday attemoon on most of the active descriptions whena ;The annual meeting of the New-York andBrooklyn Foreign Missionary Society will be keld, atteised with their vessel in the act of carrying plan- tains (arc plantains contraband of war f) to Gen. Waliib by the lcar\u, and delrvered to the aufhorl- ties at Truxillo, were discharged after five weeks'thflj stand as follows:l» mt 'ixm%m'%m^'«^^ ismH^^^^^^^ 8The last brilliantbundlcdyears ajjo there were about one hnndre-l and 1 Oo not know Die particularb; but after tliree days' hm.eindtas of a n,an confessing unblushingly Uiat while hewas the Imprisonment of Mr. HoBse, of the very respectable aie about two millionfof Christian Unitarians. One firm of HrsE, Hosax it (Jo., large mahogany cutters.and the for the defence briefly sifmmed up to the jury.The action was commenced by the entry (by con- ettty wlllcontinue to bless us as a nation. Bat we The annual sermon before the Ladles' Misson in the Revuhltcan,) in which he mallgsed the charac- sent) of an order of reference under the provisions Lmw that these results can oiUy be exiiectedso long Society of the Stanton-street Baptist Church will be ter of a viriuous and highly respectebie yoting lady of of the Revised Statutes, to determine the plaintiffs'u we are a Ood-fearing and Ood-serrlng people'-, and ^•at if we forsake God, He will also forsake us. In dehrered in the evening by Rev. Enwaao L4-maop, lady, denounced him in unmeasiued terms, and the company for the years 1643 to 1849, inclusive. Tne•ae sense. We must accept the aphorism, vox oopvii, aaa Dtiy tboa^ we have ouraelTes not the sUgtitest 4o«M that all Governments, not excepting our own, ae Ihey now exist, are founded on essentially wrong tiaaiples, uid that neitber earthly king nor ttallot- MX are Heaven-ordained. As Christians, and, conse- ^•eatl;, good citiiens, otir doty is to submit to the jBia flwt be, at ordained of 6od, but still to strive ta tke ii(ht as God has permitted us to see it."The Montreal (C. W.) Witness, in its issue of them, says:" The future of a nation hangs upon to-day, andSal the Irst nation in tlie world, with tlie exception a(QieatBritain. Wehaveverylittledoubtbowthe eieetlon will turn out. It is everywhere expected Wat a tall, hard-working, teetotal Western pioneer is nteg to be tent by the national Tote to take up his Mddeaee at th« White House. Yet it wiU look ratherB. D.Tte CsBiBliMieBera mt Bmicmtlaa >< tke wellAs an agreement for the exclnslye privilege furnish- Vigedwas the necessity of repealing a law wtilch ed the New-York roads, it is asserted, in the Commis-haslongbeecIn force,forbidding,underheavypen-alties, the profession of any otoer than the Roman sioners' Report, that the Pennsylvania Railroad Com-flint-locks, was the only to the di'eadful sum- mons, while the two combraetsapnontse ducked their headsCathoHr reUgton. This "profession" includes all no interest in common with our City and State." If apistol, like an obstinate mule, refused to go ;inina, a cloud of smoke from the fol- mands in suit as to whichrmore than six years hadactoaf united worship, anytlUng like the meeting of aMagregatioo, even in a private house. The LondonTmtM has taken up the cause of its countrymen in Northwest or Southwest, beyond Cleveland, from sixtydischarged pan,lowed by another from the muzzle, and a stunning re- runport, like that of a heavily lodded musket. Nobody the dissolution ofthe corporation," and that the plain-•anest. Itsays " :As it is, the religions Interests of onr coimtrymenhi Spain have suffered deeply from the existing state•I the Spanish law. We we told of 3,0U0 or 4,000 ~-;mands as to which six had not years"Ilap 60,006ions offreight i)er annum,terriblyen-who reside in that as mer- regularly countryis entitled to do consideration from the business interests of this City,such an assertion might be warranted.It is understood that the European agents add frombystanders —sworeat hisb£i luck—tion of of payment should be reserved until priorityj clerks, agents, engineers, railway people, I and Ibmiders, besides tvrice as many travelers «r vidtors at the Spanish ports, taken tnere by pleas- are, OT trade, or health. With this large number of MajUsh dispersed all over ttie country, Protestant20 to a per cent to the net rates, so that the emigrant have an answering crack at his enemy. It was all the several dates following, up to the date of his re-wvnUp has only hitherto been held in four places in pays no more for the ticket in Europe than in New-In vain ; his seconds refused to act, and the other port, (above given.)Spain—Madrid, Cadiz, Malaga and Bilboa, with onear two others visited by the of occasionally BishopGlhraltar's chaplain ; in fact, at this moment we be- ~ Bere 11 Is only going on in two—Madrid and Malaga,destroyed bis last hope well-fought field.by withdrawingfiom theIt appears that the assets in the hands of the receiver amount to about $70,000, while the liabilities of the Company amount to about $200,000, (including the taxes in suit.) The defendants appealed from thatladeed, it was only last November that the Embassy sioners, could not efl'ect any arrangement with theat Madrid began to hare a chaplain at all. For 15 Governments of England and France, to ahoiish the yearsCoh Sroprosn read the service at his ownThe Homicide is Kew-Hates.—One of thePolice Courts in New-Haven, Conn., is now investi' rejKirt, and their appeal was now beard at General gating the homicide of young SrAProan. On Wed Tergi-of the Supreme Court. The appellants claimkoase, and one pious layman represented the whole booking system. It was so obvious that the plan pro-nesday morningmother of young Bxlskn, who had just arrived,^town, came into the court-room, and threw herselfuponher.son'sneck,sobbing,"Myson,myson,how werepartoftheRoyalRevenue,andhadpriority came you here ?" She finally sank into her son's over all other claims against the property of the per-— and — ADgUcan CHiurch bishops, priests deacons attte Spanish capita], ta the complete satlsfisction of ti, eWhrte fimbafsy. its chit-f and omcers, and ail the Eog-taxes claimed, is bound by the statute of limita-PcBnaylTBBlB KallrMid.OrFica PixasTLTASiA Railboas, 1armed,Niw-YoKK, Not. 8, l&fiO. To the Editor of the -Yew- Yort Timej :]The recent report of the New-York Commis-sioners of Emigration has given publicity to errone- ous and prejudicial statements concerning the Penn- sylvania Railroad Company, which should not be suf- fered to remain without notice and correction.men, after indulging a prospective hostility for more statement.It was organized and commenced, and continuedthe business of insurance until the 5th Octot)er^850,when, upon application of the majority of the Trus-tees, it was. by a decree of the Supreme Court, dis-solved, and the defendant, Henry W. Johnson, wasthat the system of booking emigrantapnointcdits assets.Itpassengers in Europe was adopted by the New-York Roads as a measure of felf-defence, whereas the facts show that the New-York Central Railroad com-is\statedlaeT, to have no more respectable Presidential menced the system, about eleven years since, with comprehensible, old fogyish notion, and take the respective times. Payment was demanded and re-Hffees, Ac; for how could they be respectable with-•at sometUng stronger than coffee to refresh thegaestst Even Canada will look puxzled, and won- in this country and in Europe. A similar arrange- go—fizz— bang Theyfused, and no was found personal propertySerhawanation will let on with a teetotaler at' its head.">B0TZ8TABT8 IN 8PAIH.Recently English Protestants in Spain addressed aCBOiial to Ihe Home Goremment, urging that steps Aaald be t4ken to secure them greater religious lib-. •rtj. One of the modlficattons more particularly!Wjun and Mabst. The competition thus created by the New-York Roads compelled the Peimsylvania Railroad Company, In the Spring of 1855, to adopt ibe same system.met at the usual of place fight-Messrs. WoLy and RiscBinnizs as their agents, bothweapon that might not go off at all, and if it did, would certeinlyment was shortly afterwards entered Into by the ing, and endeavored to preserve the utmost courte<iy**pany passes through a neighboring territory, and hasSt. the statute of limitations could be set up by the Re- Romzb', also, gave a click, and then, ^s if changing its ceiver, >et that it only applied to so much of the dcroad that furnishes a route -to any point in the West,"tiffs were entitled to recover for so much of their de-to one hundred and fifty miles shorter than any other that opens to New-York a rich section af countrywhich cannot be reached in any other waywas hurt, apd Caeuire's seconds then withdrew their man, concluding that it was wasting time to fight when he couldnt get a shot and stood no chance of being hit himself. He, however, took the affairthat car- ries from New-York 3S,aOO tons, and pours into herelapsetdkefrcorm- the time they accrued up to the dissolution ofYork, (the ocean paosage excepted,) as the same per centage is added at Castle Garden.The agent sent to Europe in 1857, by the Commis-partyposed by the Commissioners placed them in the posi- tion of mere emigrant agents /or the New-York roads,tions. The tiiat at common law. taxes people respond;withcame the property of ihe plaintiffs ; and that the ques-IkB residents in Madrid, who con^sidered their spiritualInterests a*t quite safe in the hands of the excellent could not be seen by the authorities of those countries. arms, where :>he remained in an almost unconscious ceed to the rights of the Crown. The statutestate throughout the day.emigranthave certain arrangements with the New-York Cen- V/hile he was enjoying his honevmoon he received tral and Erie Companies, and are rendy t-y grant tte information that a wife who had piior claims U{>onIn Germany, however, their plan was successful, and the result is that the New-York roads bare the entire control of the route for emigrants arriving from Bre- men or Hamburg.in the distri- bution of estates of [deceased persons, was only an affirmance of the common law. It seph. Mo., recently succeeded in winning the heart was also argued that it was a part of the Royal ftat when persecution takes tne sioiply negaave form The Commissioners state in their report, that they and band of one of the fair damsels in that city. prerogative that no laches should be imputed to theCaiaael, ana expressed no desire for a more regular mlaiatry-. Itmustoecandidlyconfessedtuatthere- gloas interests of our countrymen have not sulTered fte less at the hands of the Spanish law from the factgiving preference to texes,•fobstruenon to worship it publicb very apt to beKingseconded by a prmciple of indigenous reluctance on same privileges to otl.er roa-is on the same terms. him, was about coming to see him the part of the intended worshipers, whose hearts are;eflScers ; in this country the people also succee toand to avoid anin too great sjmpaihy with the law. The respect In reply to this, it may be said that the officers of the unpleasant scene, he ielt tiiere suddenly, writing a la the case ofthe United States vs. Nicol!, (12 Whoat-feh for Spanish law by the four hundred residents of Pennsylvania Railrcaa Company uniformly expressed note to his second wife, to inform her that he would on, 505; 3 Mason, 440; 9 Wheaton, TM; I Peters, I Barcelona was such that only fifteen attended service their willingness to enter into any general arrange- return in a few days. Soon she received a letter, stat- Mass. 347, )that laches is not imputable to Government. when the Bishop of Gibraltar's chaplain officiated ment in which all the roads could unite upon equal ing that he had been killed on the railroad and that if Decision reserved.there last Christmas. One defaulter was very sorry, terms in Castle Garden, and have been as uniformly she desired to have the body of her deceased spouse E. H, Owen and (.has. O'Conor for api>ellants ; L. hat " his little savings " were really in peril if he at- refused suchaiHantage;:- by the Commissioners. she muM come for it. Her brothcr^in-law at oncetBfided heretical worship. * ' » » Tnere can be The expenst-s of the landing dfpol paid by the procured a coffin and storied, but when he reached theNew-York Conipai.ies, on which so much stress is toun at which the letter was he learned that ** dated,Tremain for the people. ^ao reason at the present oay for keeping up an absurdaad unjust proiUbition, scouted by all the Roman laid, art paiti by the Emigrants^ as the Commutation the whole story was a hoax. At last accounts he wasDecislans. eUFBEME COCRT—CHAM»KRS,*'Catholic countries of Europe except Spain—scouted money of twojdoilara per head, charged to the ship-even by the Papal Government itself. 8ucli a Uw owners, is included by them in the price of the ticxctin nursuit orthe gay deceiver, asserting most solemnly that the coti:n stiould not go back empty.LA'W KKPORTS.— —WiUtanis vs, MrFarlaud. MoK'ast go to the wall as soon as ever an English Gov- ernment formally asserts the right of its sutjjeots tosold to the emigrant for the Atlantic passage.The great object of the immigrant, on his arrival in this country, is to get safely, quickly and comfortably to his destination. The Pennsylvania Railroad Com- pany has carried a large number annuaily,and no com- plaint has ever come back of ill-treatment, baggage beinglost,orthepracticeofanyextortion. Itwillbe the aim of tldi. Company in the future, as it has beenin the past, to maintiin the superior advantages of its route, notwithrtandlng the efforts of the Commission- ers to convey the'impresslon that the immigrant's onlyLeonard, J.tion denied, with $10 costs.—as a which stands on united worship rightIssRAUAU, i,~Scott vs. Cot^oH,—MoUon denied—to event. costs abideShardlow vs, i-'iiis.-Motion denied, withDunkirk.McDONALD & BISCHOKiJ', Er.-izrant Agents Penn. Railroad,lo a .simple as^^ult and .battery, and was re-S7,0OOTenn.8t. 63, "90.. tiM 260 Harlem K. Fref:a40)f 40JS 40liNo. 8 Battery -place. Railraad Brakes Worked by Steaca.-'6,000 4.000do8«K 100 do60^ii ReadingThe numerous and disastrous accidents wliich have occurred on railroads in this cotmtry, from the inability to arrest a train la motion with sufficient promptness, have turned my attention to the subject of an improved brale.I have gene on the assumption that steam, which is used to drive a train, may also be used to stop it, and have invented a system of applying it which I believe will be perfectly effectual. I can simultan- eously stop all the wheels of a train, without clashing or. danger of any kind, and without the slightest&93 15 do 61M^i 400 ChicBur.&Quin.K, 791654 60 do 78Ji 830 16it 60 Uilw. &M1S&. F..... U60 De1.,L&WeaternR. 90Pn*. Christ Church was organized in 1095, and St. the country merchant through their entire up-stalrs pulsion of her husband. In the case of the man, theAnPiIn-ffM,thapresentchurchedificehavingbeen stock.Itisnotanunusualthingforasalesman,(or jurymustfindaccordingtothefactsuroved.WMlail Jb 17(9) imder the siqierviston of its first pas- While the jury were consulting, a member of the bir 8. '74 600 Mich. Cen. R. .... Mwas Cloria Bel, (the Swedes Church,) which was to the baeements and sub-basements of their stores, ,structed the jury that they must acquit the woman, SM do arganlaed in 1S76, several years tiefbrc the landing of while heated by exercise consequent upon showing whom the law presumed to be acting under the com- ICO doter, SCT. Dr. McCuNASBAB. Among the Rectors who jnember of the firm,) dripping wet with perspiration, asxed the Court that be might address th^m a few $2,000 tr. 6S«t,. '90. It2!i 100 do bMSlhare ii><ltl<iil In 8t Paul's,stairs into an that is atmosphere87)4M1I.L,<^B, 18 100 da S30were Rev. Drs. McCos- XBT, PtuiSBB, AiJJS, BxHT and SiErazB H. Tnia, at whose snnsstlon a number of imnrovements were madetouebonding.AtpresentthecongregationisThe Court refused the ap- plication, as the case was already In the hands of the jury. The verdict, rendered after nearly two hours ab-e->H, Is it not strange that each such exposure does not producesi.69)( 60 M. So. &N. I. R.... 16senceofthejury,wasatMiuittaiforCatharine,who 100 do in a highly-flourishing candltioB, the debt which was inflammation of the lungs or rheumatism. Many of was discharged, and of guilty against Lewis, with abnirk80)«the cases of consumption are clearly traceable to a recommendation to the mercy of the Court, The sen- "cold"takenwhilesellinga"bill"downstairs.The tencewasaccordinglypassed,oftwoyearsinStateincurred by remodellnf the church haviag been en- tlielyremoved.DB. CBEITIB IN ISOUUro.ssettlng of ministers and laymen, connected with the u;oo/en coat. If an old or thin coat has been worn and the bail was forieited.Alag from London on the ISth ult, sketches Dr.best protection (ontii basements are so constructed that they are absolutely free from dampness, withPrison, the lowest terra which the law allowed.Tne caso of Charles Meyer, indicted for feloniouscorrespondent of the Jnti-Sittoerjf Standard,writ-asfsult, was next called.Counsel that the statedEvangeUcal Churches of the metropolis, was held atwhile selling the customer up-stairs,fvl on a tkiekerSarah Chapman and Margaret Donahoe, indicted for forgerv', were then put to the bar. The prisoners werrgond-looklngAmericangirls,whohadbeenpass- ing counterfeit money. Several witnesses testiiie 1 to the good character of Margaret Donahoe, who was only 17 years of age, and had probably been led into the commihsion of the crime by her older companion.Badley'B Hotel,one tthen you take him into the basement,AflTnira in Handura*.Mc.iirirge-street,to extendDr.Cuavia non-attendance, and sai>i t.,at he gave the XSO whichfraternal greeting. Mr. Samcsi. Mobut, the Chair-man of a former meeting, ;,pulogiied in a note for his—AKEBICANS CINED AND IH- rATE or COL. SDDLEBhe had contributed to Dr. c,:«va^to his congregation. The torres ponJem wiites«Dr.CHMviaisnowinScoUinl.14th, he preached to crorati:co.,g,(-auonsin GiTM date of Oct. 23Sarahtwoyearsaow, intbe morning tn the E,;,^-str,et Ciw"chanu in the eveniun, in tho 7 oi:,' 1the good-looking Captain of the fillibusterlng schoonerthe Island, instead of State Prison, that her mother's feelings mlfht be spared. The request was refused.The and indicted for lar- prisoners, Stringer Tully,(Congregational) He wiU hold a series oiChurch, (Free.) me>:iin,.s ij,take the opportvmityto send you afew linesby;preside on each occasion. This course of lectureswU bo followed by an aggregate pubUc meeting,at which it is expected I/ord BaonoHAji will fid me brutally i-hut•katr."S«W CBUBCB IN BKOOKLTH.The congregation of the Park Presbyterian Church'lienyoa have no doubt the fulliumself, and not •rBraoKiD. ThecorrespondentoftheNew-OrleansDelta judgment,andsentflUv.T.L.CoTiii'aJwillbreakgroundfortheirnew X.o°^'hom'^^;!,t?outofthe andtakethemoneythorefrotn. Shenext, at 4 P. M. Several addresses will be dshvered. It is proposed to erect a bui'.Jlngreply to home insuliT. . :c,r ., i olll/wAUisainthc uTntid S i, itive that, from the !u..,r,enro7 s'.any p«i..n wSau^'V"'- ''*.«?' clBciuis in coniii.and. ».iat,,vc-r except Uieroom,thenUirew Ulegarme^ts inside theedifice onaf the same form and dimensions with Rev. Mr. not allowed to setdoor and went it was ajoke, an! saidMonday"''^*BssoBsa's present church.BTBENCXn 0» THE DSITAEIASS.he was 53 years of age, and badThe Christ! an Freeman, of London, advances the him and Coh Rsdue /.urKv, in sun-..i!iJ,Allowing assertion"Oiie hundred:tbcnuent intodetails of his connection with theyearsagotherewe<«somewhereb«l»eyettattieut,-eov.p««b»s,beeBrecaUtu counselwithhvtingifaeralmatters,andthat^heha4of light and good ventilation,) is to sdwavs wear sut>8tantlal u-ooien under-garments. Never go into theplentywas absent in Europe, and asked, therefore, CuMvia'B progress. On Thursday, the Uth Inst, a basement to sell a bill of goods wiihour wearing a a postponimeut. The Court denied the appilcaUou,The CourtOn Sundav th* writes as follows from the Ruatan Bay Islands, under Prison. The latter asked that she might be sent loceny, were next brought out for sentence, upon estfatniasacreceptionawaitshua. Mca.sutesareui snipc/ciimtorbroughtvouthenewsofthedeathof previouspleaofguilty. ProofofTully'sgooiClasaow, previotts to going to Euinburgn, wutre lu.Taylor.rcgTees in London for the delivery, in London, ,>s\coarse of lectures by Dr. Caitv^a on his return fromthe Mertb. It will probably constat of six di-cour.<ee.St James', Freemasons' oriExeter Hall wiU be taken Ki.ow Jar the occasion. Some distinguished person willJ->hn Athe^Vaikir surviving;ji'jiii,, that a Trurlliowas Stringer's second offence, and he wTis tentenced six months to the Pent'endarv.on board of1 her.of one of the correspondent I.i:n anaBaker, about 20 of age, In-i Amutchrii^Orinl.yr, or:.lso tbat been ir.formednot ant; partku'l£.7s hfstolen from bimtwo huntlredol'eVwIhe'a"^, ?'r1. "^';-The here peoplehi.eK'n'^li"-Ji.-naii w.ispreseatwbenhe was soof it denomination." n xdcution by a priest of that rest in gold. He went into the prisoner'stended lo ihc nrt^a true and wa-s at- Catholic,;beini;\.- ..ii.j that hiswhenshetookthe fromt.>ie pocketofhis moneyvery generally ,-on.!. mn the .on duct of the Caotaln of theof which"T r^l?,?'"'?''' P"^',"*''°.'away. At first he thought nothing. Upon cross-examinationA fewand willent trial he tcttlfied to having seen her tate me mercantile operation is torturedcommon-sensefever, hmthe of l]l-i port:but could be undoubtedlycoouuitted on theof Policemansince two .\mcricans arrived here ''romuiiless athe iiiteidiaoyrsof Honduras. ni'-t They reporthavingoidythathesuspectedtrhead, wiwthaeislseonthe accused, pres-uif ney.The Court commentedhe,plidn,Coniayaguacaptor«, and seemed' on the whole toThe people generally seemed to bemustalfolarceny.liosedthis city. Carsiisi, who was acquainted with the claim against the receiver, for taxes levied upon the consequence was. that he was attacked in the street cause having been tried tiefore such referee, he madeby St. R. and his brother. Although the parties were hisand well disposed to use their weapons, only a small and harmless quantity of blood was drawn. In consequence of the officious interference of outsiders, who bad no interest in the matter, and had no Invitation from either party to render their services.As the fates would have it, the.^e unfortunate youngreportthan twelve months, while their respective friends mainteined an armed neutrality, met, renewed their quarrel, bandied injurious epithets, and finally ex- changed blows. A challenge from CAaaraaz to St. RoMXB followed, and the latter at once provedbeyond ail question his faculty fordoing extraordinary things, "To the horror and amazement of every connoisseurReceiver ofPrior to such dissolution, and during theandaniateurofthescienceof 1643to taxeswerelevrieesdpective single cotnbat, he chose years 1849, inclusive, uponnaries were arranged, and they were put in position. *'levied, still the respective claims thereforEraouperly and were barred of lindta- become by the statute"The word was given, Gentlemen, are you——— simultaneoue click, click, of the two ineffectual old'"ready !" Ready !" Fire one two three ?" and athat even if the claims were valid, still thein anticipation of the tardy^eaden messengers. There creditors of the Company. andwas not even a flash in the pan. and so it was decided Tha Referee decided reported accordingly, to pick their flints and try it again. Again CAaaiaas's that the taxes had been properly levied ; that whilelooked as a in upon good joke)thecould fix " the cussed <rid flint so it wotud go next further order of the Court upon the subject, and that time." imd represented, in forcible and moving terms, plaintiffs were entitled to judgment for the several the injustice of being sjiot at and not permitted to sums of principal, with interest on such sums from(whichhigh dudgeontreated plteously for another chance—thought he the final distribution of the trust ftmd, or until thea most scene occurred. The affectingthis proceeding to enforce the payment of the—Thomas H. Benton Bruner, a barber in St. Jo-,nor should he suffer by any negligence of his6E.NTEMCK OK X GIRL C'PMPROMl.SE OP ASSACLT8——TOSINOSINO ATHIKFTBIEDWITHOCTCIDI7N-FEL—ALLEGED BOBBEKV OF A GKliMASI BV BISitISTB.'!>:8.Tlie first case yesterday was that of .Io«eph S.Hi-nt, J-., indicted for felonious assault. He pleadedevent.indictments for burglary and larceny, pleaded not guilty, and was remanded for trial on Monday next\Villiam Roberts, indicted for larceny, pleaded not guil:y, and was remanded till Monday for trial.Mary t)row-n, indicted for felonious assault, pleaded«i 260 do 5,000 N.C. State 6a..,, «4 1360 do.3.iun Missouri St, 6s.. 76k 100 doprisonerto assault and simpleat theand6fOCal.8t.7s2,000 do5,0M)Erie2dM. Bda.. 99)4 160 do60 do«7 New- Cen.R JerseyI65j 1164S4.obfattehrey, complamant.The case of James Qmnn, remitted from a magis-tral*!, on the the Public ComnUs- complaintof Charitysioi ers, under the bastardy act, was postponed one wee&.S.OOOK. R, IstM. ... SS 12,0(K)IIar.gwuaitltysuspended requestjudgmentThomas Watson was nextat theon anl.COOCbi.bN.W.adM. 2,000 C.al. ft Chi.lat M. l.ooe L.E.ftW IstM B. 74 6,000 L. £.&W.2dM.B. 46 1 004 D.. L. k W.2d M. n200 dotoo do100 do360 HI. Cen. R. Scrip... 71Indictment fortheir charac- members of ids party were ter was given, and judgment suspended. The presentI that Her Majesty's steam- premme[luricrs pretends to give his dying speech.yearsLewi?tliit LMs ci'inot be from the best relied upon,was nextto trial.unconditionally to lUc'-Spix,^ iics1 Iiisoner, shuviing that he had been accastomed toplaced grand larceny.bar,Thefirst witness, Mary Reardon, a servant in the house inchance of damage, to locomotive, cars or passengers. which the alleged larceny was oommitted. Without 17 Banl^f New-York.lOO 80 do b307i;« 10 Am. Exchange Bk. 97!4 350 do 7oai Ajr SSTKBXBUia CELIBBATION. iiy system dispenses with brakemen altogether, the concluding ihe examination, httwever, a juror was 6 Metropolitan BanklU 100 do 930 10?.whole control of the train being in the bands of theengineer. I am sure that it will be found verj- econ-vtithdrawu, and a plea taken of guilty of an attempt. Prisoner wat then remanded for sentence.ICO N.V. Central R 3«0 do.. silt 100 do a*l 70^ na 16»Clev. ft Pitts. R.,.. ll!<omics!, and contribute largely to the safety and good management oi railroads.W'm. f. i'lromtestined tiiat he was book-keeper in the clothing store of Dayton * Gilder, at No. 35n 150 sis 81 20» BlO 81 10» 34 300e9!t eaJi 89Heennon at the morning service, in w^lch he reviewedthe past and present condition of the Church, beforea large and attentive audience. SL Paul's Church street. AUGU8TIN MORTER.V. saw Lewis Smith in the basement. Smith imme- 160 do »30 33>4 60 do b3069;iI shall be happy to explain it to any persons inter-ested, who tn-Av call at my office. No. 09 Crosby- Chaiiibcrs-ttreet. On the 15lh830 68)4 910 69}^Lewis Smith and Catherine Smith were next put to the bar, indicted fur grand larceny.quirtd for some person.whom witness did not know witness next saw fpur coats, worth $35, lying on the300 do1100 do100 do100 doMO Erie Railroad.b«0 82 1300 (ial. & Chic Udo do do doBis 34 769Clev. &Tol. R I) 810 31 700 do 32X 34)4 200 do 33032« 150 Chic. ftR. Isl. K... 62Kof October diatfly came towards the witness and in-stairs beside tne prisoner Smith, was also tieside him.BOO200 66?^ 100do 62 do 61!« do 83061^discharged Margaretsuspended to the StateMary apparenUyin his ter. tL.ii he had frcquenUy seen the prisoner werestore and elw:wheie. On the ISth of June 5*709In bills, thedicted'forRosenlhal.a German, testified, throuch the interpre-la-ceny,broughtacdsomelet-'>*->'^^ "i. ,leXth. were'hiuded rantaloons. which he had left hangim; on a chairi.iilll'd^"^',"---ir.jpisher,>--!t!.ecommand- whileinbed. Hesawtheprisonercanyhisclothes,'^^V"' English, Inwitness stated that a wue and children inGermany. Yetforthelastthreeyearshehadbeenatime the pair had passed for man and wife. The wit-livingwith theprisoner;nearlyye.ar;;the prerogative ri;ihts ofthe Crown. It hadunderUntitled Documentroom withhecounselwife and children In Germanv, he had been liv-Thetrantferof$2,000,000ortS,0W,OMGold t«In »ltoess in hison account of the New Loan, canon theappeared that the complainant al-thejury retired, and lii a short time returned with a ver-for Ster-JfimuU Safety InsuranceJohnson, Recenier^mi was a motion to set aside the Referee's report made ha this case. That report,thereon to this court in favor of the plain- tiffs' claim, which the defendant now moves, under the provistons of the statutes above referred to, to set aside.The Company was chartered by an act of the Legis- lature, pas.sed April 17, 1636, amended in 1843, so far as respected the time fixed for publishing its annualfor the what was the Company, and warrants for the collection thereof weapons, and,Jlmt-Uck pistolsworse, the challenger was bound to subnilt to this in- Issued to the Collector or Receiver of Taxes at thechances of his man off with a pop[)lnguponwhich to levy.The substance of the defence on the referencewas that the evidence did not establish that the taxes New-York and Erie Railroad Company, with Messrs. and the extreme of stoical composure. The preliou- had been properly levied ; that if such taxes bad beenR.Sth M.B.. 72.Company and Benry W,tionsplaintiffs were only entitled to a report for the texes levied without interest, and that as to the payment of such sum, the State has no priority over the other;after toe rightof matured and before the Stateporation, togetherinterestfrom the time be- they860 7BJ4 46094 160 Mich. So.h N. I. R. 1SS<67BMOimSAae.p.OoeTenn. 6a.6,0«nI.aO.fc17f Pacific Mac S. Co . 93100N.T.Oen.R....b«0 81^ 2a0Ual.8cChic, R 6S16 do nn1 been holds30«Ui«-New-of or into the Sub- $6,000,000 $7,000,000be to the HoneyHarket,chief. The rates for Money to-day are much thethe lowunsettledling from New-Orleans, and the Baiikers' rates to- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 