 Igreat Ittlian " Refornrer before the Reformation," Gi- art in America, except as connected with dining, danc- rolamo Savonarola, the world-famous Prior of St. ing, ajid epeechmaking.Mateo, at Florence, has been made by Prof. PasqualVillori,. whose first volume of " The Story of Savona-*art. Mr Ingram was a man of various talents, of conglomerate. itm«y be attributed to the very first aire untrustworthy description, if the following sentence Parliament; he was a Liberal, in politics, and a great ed in tbe Museum at fJJuny. iA• v*4^'- * i*r^"Iblages, and to be inaogurated next Spring; the utmost department of printing: Some of their smBller priats, bert, ' Monfaliet, and other arthits of the "Continental noon; but the storm seemed to have prevented so-1 1- •" — » "ard aD illustrated map. It is the earliest account in existence of the rhins.of Copan; which were visited by Palacio wiibin forty years of the conquest, who foundTHE *^2£cr?»5^V««• f9ldoak<* his coo. maids, and geoenlly oarrying on his corre-if:pTceent,.'* Weedtr>*i Ktabeat ! »p**tpri« ti.1 a <«r.'. 0«Y«nt7 01 «« Lrufc ». »c"iind «n 1 •«riM •*•«« mraWo*« for IV&P, *Charles 1 will no do Theaiiimanwr, ;ltale, and r> - imtUxc nt'• jk • • ".iip«ny w»»fe the mod%.teher. a.: I near Ale ;iJLLINoly « b i: re8curci' <af grain-n atdyrt '-oAi.«l fort > \ ihi/ietui .o tbe dailj fi qUint Vnilv «cmet. .: ..'ha» reo-^t mind yenr- of enr pro nifitd. It and centra-SMbce**. a Snftfalb UlO>; •'." had fce*ii c.aMa»e* >;•,• «torie« ofAt the »ugge«toa o f ^ ^ I**0*"1*?' w h o h % d spondence, without tbe thought that they were aoy theW t h e dicUt»s of bis own mhd and judgment, be-.^clined tbe prop©**! of the jproprietor* of the cause ronveyed in the words of another. Chut habit« E o ^ e I o p ^ » Britaonica," lj> furnish a biogra- he corriei with him to the Presidency, freely put dug1 in reqnifiti- n the aid of such official a<ivieer*and p^r-advanoe of it* appearance in thj i series for Which it after rigid scru:iny staid the test of his own marvel- was originally intended. It is founded chiefly on ous dis.einmentaodunerritg wisdom. .the standard works of Marshall, Spark*, and From the closirg portion of the memoir, in which Irving, with no attempt to pirade the fruits of the character of W isbiogton is briefly portrayed, pertonal research, which in the present case, we take several paragraphs that aptly illustrate would probably have cootribe,ted littleto the tbequalitieswhichwereatthefoundationbothofwoiks ctmmencos with the diviaton,entitled "Literaryand Professional," the volomefbow.issued? compritjiogtho •History of the Reign *of Henry VII.,". with can be seen what is accessible to the readerthrough or- I. gram was a news-a^entin Nottingham, Eoglaad;" The Beginning of the Hietofgr of the Reign of King dinary chauDele, and.where. Mr. .Halliwell's, grent he bad been bred a printer, in hia native —In a cave on tbe banks of tberirer Cbarente, fuhy oi W*»bimrton for the no «r edition now pub-80i al iriends as in bis opinion would besteaable him to fobing, Mr. Everett was req| ested to write a peiform the dntv of the'day. Indoing this he retained memoir under that title; and }t is here issued in and exercised an independ»rit judgmentr; and he adopt- td rotbing furniahtd to him by others, which did not,France, in the department of Vienoe, M. Joly has dii-knowledge of important events i n the public career of its ihutrious s u b j r d The | rincipal distinction of the volume is its singulars, r neat and graceful style,itsscrupulousandscholarlikeprecisionof statement, and it* glowing, though temperate, ex-pressions of admiration for the character of W ash- ington. As a condtn-ed, and al; the same time, a highly attractive, sketch of the fattier of his coun-his private and public life.General Washington's personal appearance was in harmony with his character; it was a model of manly Btrengthaidbtaoty. Hewasabout'sixfeettwo inches in hight, and his person well proportioned—in the earlier part of life ra»h<r spare, ana never too stoat for active asd graceful movement Tbe complexion inclinedtoiheficna; ihe eye* were blue, and remarkably far apart; a-profusion of brown hair was drawn back from the forehead, highly powdered according to the fashion of the day, and gathered in a bag behind. He was.signsoftwoquadrup.-dsin profile; they app-ar to becountrymen, and provident foreujooght for the fu ure, he determined to connect with it another obiact of sti-i greater ulterior importance: a firewall Address to his fellow-citizens,- embodyiog bis la-t counsels for thoir instruction and guioaoce... The j:epe taken by Wa*h- iegton for the prepare ion of thist address, were m irkedtbe belief that the people of the country lived alwge her the Orange and Alexandria Railroad iu Virginia, by gland, is now in press, and will be issued shortly by in hotels. As he probably derived many of hi3 Ameri- which the trucks supporting the car« are held in stir- Mesr-rs. Walker, Wise, cc Co. of Boston, with tbe> can id*as from reading'Dr. Mackay's letter in The nips, so that if a car-wheel or axle breatai, tbe car iawith more th*n bis usnal cirC tenspecaon and care. loand.EDg'iKh Churchmen," edi'ed, with au Introducuoo, by the Rev. F. H. Hedge, D. D., who justly remarks: " Theso Essays have a value distinct from and traas-much to be marveled at. -'They have been the subject a' some differeoce of opinion aod discussion at differi nt times, ia which it would exceed the limits of ibis! work to engage. All the known facte of »oe ca*e are jiroaVht ^ogetner and set fortn^witb great amtenes-4 and prewsion, by tbe"Washing?on's religious impressions were in harmony wi'h the rftt ol h's cnaxacter—deep, rational, and prac- tiral. Qn this topic, our remaining space admits if little more than a rtrfrrppce to the interesting article on tbJssuJject in the fourth section of the appendix to Mr. Sp'rkas twelfth volume.' Washington was—We learn that the. artists of the Studios in Tenth ceuQiiJg that of the speculations or conclusions they street, such of them at least as ha open to be no w in theHon. B&race Branny, in the esi ay to which allustooha* been mule m the prefa e to these pages, ent t cd brought up in the Episcopal communion, and was atheology. The topics here discussed are handled with tion, to which they.iDtend to invite the Prince of POEMS OF GF.OROE P. MORRIS. * With n Murbolrof tho a frankness, a bread£h, and a pjliritual heroism long Wales, that the future Majesty of .Englaad may have£-—•* **An Iqqmry into the Formation of Washington's member ol ihe veswy of two churches. He was at all jparewe'd Addrese" T • times a regular attendant on public worship, and anIt had b**n" the intention of I VYastmgton. from an ocitsional partaker of the communion; and ia believedearly period of bis hdminiatrat^ >n, to decline a re-. hiibitutlJy to have b*-gun toe day with the reading of election at the cose of uxe term < f office for which he tbe Sc iptures and prayer in his. closet. His. private waa chosen io 1789. Eady in 17j2, he considered the correspond*nee, his general ciders, and his public acts"not afraid to go." Though prevented by the rapid progress of bin disease, and the almost total obstruction oft;evocal organs frpni expressing hisfeeiinga, he manifested to the last the submission of a sincere Chrit-uau ro the will of the great Disposer.Tt -it n * •>( It • if „The comparison of Napoleon and Washington sug- gests a remark on the military character of the latter, who is frequently disparaged in contrast with the great c h i e f t a i n s o t a n c e n t a n d m o d e r n t h m v . B u t n o c o u a - p*rifi< n can he ine-timted to any valuable purpose be- tween individuals, which do&s not extend to the coun- tries and periods in which they lived, <ind to the meansAuthor, l&suo.pp.366. Charlea Scribner.The bf autiful pocket edition in purple and gold, which is hereieeued, of tbe poems of the favorite American Bong writer will be welcomed with enthusiasm by a host of admirers who, with the late Horace Binney Wallace, regard the productions of General Morris, as" compositions, original in style, natural in spirit, beau- tiful wifh the charm of almost faultless execution, which may challenge for tbeir author the title of the laureate of America." With such remarkable unani- mity in the popular verdict, it would be idle to indulge iosuperfluous eulogium("gilding refinedgold,paint- ing the lily," &c, ccc.)j and^we can only commend this editionto^ourreadersasaworthycasket fortbegems, which ibey have eo long borne in their memory and their heart.L T C f U B E S D E L I V E R E D B E F O R E T H E Y O W G M E N ' Sunknown to ecclesiastical England." an opportunity to be able to form an opinion of thepresent state of art in this country. Unless tbey do —Tbe first attempt at a satisfactory biography of the this, H. R. II. will hardly be able to know anything ofexpediency of a farewell address ia connection withthe annotmremet-t of his porposij to retire. Amongother confidential frier do coosulteti by him at this timewas Mr. M&diton, with whom ho communicated both sense of e%ious responeibility. In his last moments oraily at Pr>i>arelphia, and by letter after the recees of he breathed a truly piou* sprit of resignation. In his Coxgreea. Mr. Madison, in repljf to his letter, after own allecdng words,- be died "hard," but he was—Mr. Jacksony. the sculptor, is about, departing rting stream of mercury as fioe as tbe'p »int. of a needle,tb«t ar^ ..* nifi«d IA.-; wi etihfe n from• w: :cnreo bur* Thonctearnestly difftttdire tbe President from his purpose to rttire, tr*i>Bmitt*d to him the iiraft of an addregH, which has been p*«served. Itisofnogreatl-jogth, and was evident y in1ended not u> go far beyond the hints contain*d in the Pre* d»nlfls letter, either in the choiceortreatmentofthetopics-IIWashingtonhaving been induced, by the earnest and uta'tniraous solicit*tionof his friends, v> consent to a reflection, this addte«s was of course Lid aride•. brings out in a striking light the intense de- votion of Savonarola to the study of the Scriptures. Two copies of the Bible are yet extant in the Florentine libraries, entirely filled with marginalHe takes with him his model for the Kane. Monument,I n t h e S p r i n g o f 1 7 9 6 , a n d i a ; t h e l a s t y e a r o f h i s•ecoQdikd*ioiet<ation. bavixg, as; we have seen, madeop bis mrna irrevocably to deciue a renomination,Washington again took. counsel* on the subject of afarewell address. In the progress of tie political divis- at »heir command. When theee circums sauces are— A b u s t o f t h e v e n e r a b l e O h i o s t a t e s m a n . T h o m a siooeof the day, Mr. Mads^n bar ceased to be of the number of his confidential adviaers and the President e*lJ«i upon Hamilton to aid bin on this occasion. Waafeington's first step was to pr« fiare himself a roughtaien into ihe account, Washington, as achiefrain, I am inclined to think, will sast^in the comparison with any other of anciett or molern time. A recent judi- cious French writer (M. Edcuard LabouJaye), thoughCHRISTIAN ASSOCIATION. IN EXETER HALL, of commentaries was made merely to assist him in his LONDON. 12mo. pp. 464. Robert Cartnr &Brothers.Although originally prepared foran English audience, sermons, and illustrate the'sense of each important these lectures can justly challenge a wider interest, and pespage in four significations— " Spiritual, moral, alle- will mett with a hospitable reception from numerous gorical, and.anagogical." So.much interest hasbsen—Mr. William Page has taken the rooms in the Tenth street Studio building, recently occupied by •Mr. Bieretadt, and will in a few .days- set up his easelTHE STOCK SALE AT ALBANY.sketch of a fa-ew»il address, jt consired of a few greatly admiring the, charicter of Washingt n, denies preliminary st-ntenes, iorroduciig the draft fur- him tbe brilliant military genius of Jolins Cseyar. It niehed by Mr. Maoieon in 1792 (toj which, for particular is, to say the least, as'certain thatJniua Cieear, re- reasons, Washington adoered with some tenasity), maining-in o'her refpects wh-at be was, could riot have and this w»« followed by the thou ?hte and sentiment*, conducted the American Revolution to a successful which he deemed most appropriate for such an address. issue, as that Wast ington conld not have subdued Graul,• As this paper was iot«n<»ed only tf» furnish materials, thrown an army into Great- Britain, or gained tbe bat- that portion of it which follows j Madison s draught, tle of Pharsaba. No one has ever denied to Washing- and was composed by Washingtoi:) hi nself, is a series ton the pofseseion Of the highest degree of physical and of remarks and suggestions, not studiously arranged moral couraj/e"; no one has ever accaaad him of missing nor elaborated f»r proanig-itiori. This paper was an opportunity to strike a bold bio sv; no one haspokt-there and be at work once more in New-York.nal, that "Matthews, tho well-kpown New-York paint- favorably upon our stock-breeders, we cannot say;shown by Wasbii>gton to Hamilw n, at Philadelphia; ed out a want of vigor in th« moment of ac'ion, or of in the Spring of 1796, and toe wi»f i expressed that he forethought in the plans of his campaigns; in short, ho won Id "re-dra-s" i*. It was a3so sagge9ted that. one has alleged a fact, from which it can be made even beside doing ihts Haa>ilton. if he i hought best, should probable tl.at Napoleon or C»ear, workiug with his *' throw tie whole into anew form," '* predicated meanttand on his hold of action, ould have wrought upon the stntunentis contained'! in Washington's out* greater or bet'er results than he did, or that, if he had teen placed on a fi*Ad of actloa, and witn a command of means Jike theirs, he would have showndraught. • iThis was accordingly done. Hamilton first pre- pared the address, thrown woolly ioto a "new form,'.' and tr en digest*d in another pa. er in connection with Mr. Madison's short address, the tii vnghta and sugges- tions appended to it, as we haw seen, in Washington'soriginal draught. Tbo Presidsi t gave a decided prriertnee to ine '•n^wforn," aud, afrer very carefnl revision by him, it was published I n the J9th of Sep- tember, 1796. • • f 'himself unequal to the position.There h», in this respect, a great mistake on the sub- ie^t ofWashington e temperament, which was natural- ly sanguine. Traditionary accounts, which'must, how- ever, be received with great caution as far as particularanecdotes are concerned, authorize tbe belief that, iu earij life at Jeast, be habitually waged astrenuous war- fare with his own ardent temper. At all even's, while he w»9 placed in.circumstances,.iaboth his wars, wh'chC Eddy. lPmo. pp.256. Andrew F. Graves. Now-YorX: ancient provinces of Guasacapau, Izalco, •Cnscatlan,Sheldon & Co.I The Life of George Washington. By Edwnrd Everett 12mo. and Cbrjuimula, with an account of the languages,pjd. 34ft. Sheldon & Co. customs, and religion of their {aboriginal mhabiuants, A Treat!.«e ou theAn-e''icanLa'w of Real Property. By EmoryWa*hbnra. LL.D. 2 volsl VoL I. 8vo. pp. 6S8. Little, and a dereripfion of the ruins of Copan, by Don DiegoBrown &Co." dc Palacio, addreseed to tbe King of Spain, in 1576. On Obfeure Diceews of the Brain, sjid Disorders of the 'Vfind.By Forb«« Winslo-w-, M. 1>. 8vo. pp. CC1. Blanchurd ic The orijrii al Spanii-h is given, with a translation, notes, Lta.expensive Short home and good horses. The resultOf the documents and papers copnecfed with thisinteresting prcdnciion.'there have ieen preserved, in forced upon him the Fabian policy, there were occa- addition to most if no*all the correl prudence between sions, as we have s*en ^u tee narration, when heLITERARY.—The publinhers' New-York Pall trade sale closed" them yery nearly in tbeir present condition. His ob-Addree»/' which appears to lUve been dr*wn ap by him as a guidel in preparing hisoriginaldraught Hamilton'soriginal draught, as revised and comcted and adopts*[by Waahiogrton, has di-a7peared. The original manjiscript of the Fare- well Adcress, from' which it was p>rin'ed, is in exist- ence, and it is wholly in the bandwriting of Washing- ton. It contains very ma« y corrections, •ra-uref) and interlineations, which are also a^ in Washington's handwriting. It was presented tt the editor of the paper in wijich it waa published, 0 aypooie, at his re-OtOest. by Wa?hit'gtou hiaiself; aud at Clayjx>olt>'s de- cease it was pureba.-ed/for twenty) five huadred dol- lars, by James Lenox, e?q , of ftew-York, who has caused a very carefwfly-prtspared edition of it to be privately printed, with all the vai iationa accurately noted in the margin.The aboves&tement is believed to contain the mate- rial facia of the ca»e, as far as they ai>pear from the paj pers now in existence. Tbe limits o;< these pages willnot admit a mo:e detailed ioveftigAtijon of the question musician. The term is so habitually, not to say exclu- of authorship, nor could it be mads tj advantage with- sively, appropriated to that native power which enables. 1 , 1 _,- f fi „ , i \ A i „ •. embl«?roa!ical figures on tbe second story are rather tured cu p:n ing Samuel Thorae $1,000 for Neptune,HEW-YOKR DA1L.XvMUaf«l«Jj;rTgi«W.BI>AY,;-»I^rJMJH^ W> l o w 'It may finally be observed that Washington, with pxposition of the la^titJnees of Washingtonf and a much new matter gathered by Mr. Huffiwell in the bie ow» inve»«e«, and CCTM** it to the highest pomt of can get at it for repairs. If a vessel be sank fa water refeiei.eetothisaddress,astoersryactinUfa,aimed, <Jefernejof theCitdicaltrea1m&ntadopted on that coriiwofhieShakeepeareaa Btudiee,a»d p^eeeotsthe *xoenoeoewbiohItwaacapx"bl»ofreachbg.. Wither atamoderatedpth,shec>ninthiswaybefilledwitkwbh the entire sacrifice of self, to accomplish the de-sired good. He wa» ace as'omod, as a military chief- occasion." tain, to employ daily the pens of active and intelligentETEBBTT-S WASHINGTON.• ~ ~ /*» OKOR*»B WASHtfTOTON. By EDWAIU> secretaries, in oommnnicamg his plans, transmiuiugtry, It will not fail to secuif 5a cherished place scrupulonjcly tt at in his drees,'and while iu camp, convenient form for reference ancl consultation. Tnesample,of his qualifications for a historian of li'ora- terests of art and as the friend of tbe artist that we feel noticed a year or two ago. baa beei considerably. i«*-'Uie. " John Mil'on did not give away Paradise Loet. called upen to allude to him here. An artist friend of. p-oved and simplified. Of bSO levers in the machine,He sold?it for £10, to show his contempt for money, ours who met«Mr. Ingram in Canada, aod traveled 154 have been dispemed with; tbe machine no vhold«fcava Canting Camden. Because Toneon vocldnit with bim to Niagara, and who has to regret haviog twice as'much type as before and a better method ofgive bim any more, say common sense and I." Surely recommerjded him tO make the excursion which had so advancing tbe lines of type te the machine is u>*ed. AMacaulay's hypothetical"Schoolboy" mighthave lamentableatermination,wasgreatlyimpressedbyhis pairoffingershavebeensubstitatedforthehookinamong the h<-u«>ehold books of? a great number of though he habitually left' his tent at sunrise, he wastypographical execution is a mode!of neatness and ac- curacy, and the whole appearance of the volume isAmerican families.The following account of tb< preparation of theFarewell Address presents the subject in a clearlight:At length the last year of General Washington'ssecond quadrer nial term of office arri v»:d. Suggestionsbeg*n to be made to him by Ms friends looking .tousually dreesed for the day. His strong'h of arm aud his skill and grace as a horseman have been already mentioned. His power of endurance was great, and there were occasions, as at the retreat from Long Isl- andandtnebattleofPrinceton,whenhewasscarcely out of his saddle lor two days. Punctilious in his observ- ance of the <-ourtesief of society as practiced in his day, he was accmtoixed, down to thepariod of his inaugu- ration as Prendent, at the balls giveu in his honor, toevery way attractive..— i — . •'•another reel-ctioo, but nothing!jcould now shake his- take part ia a minuet or country-dance. His diary uni- panose to >etire; ar.d be determined to put all doiot formly records, sometimes <*i'h amusing exactness, thenently courteous, was maiked by a certain miliary re- serve. In fmailer companies he was easy and affable, but-not talkative. Be was frequently cheered into.gayety, st bis fireside, by 'he contagious merriment of »he young and happy, but often relapsed into a thought- ful mood, moving his lips, but uttering no audiblemons, 1667, for j£5 down, and a prospective pay-; showed for bis young eon, ai/.d bis almost utter igno-ment of the same amount if tbe sale exceeded 1300 rance of America. He was timidly apprehensive of appearance of tbe machine are also improved. It i& in- copies, as there is scarcely a biographical fact that haa steamboat accidents, andmentioned that he would have tended to. set and distribute two thousand ems peron thatsu*ject at rest, by a v»r? jformal announcementof his purpose. Having this immediate object in vie w, which he was received on his touts throogh toe Union. with parental hater-st in the present welfare of his Bis general manner, in L»rge societies, though emi-precise number of ladies present at the assemblies, atbrooght some other member of his family with himJowett, Baden Powell, and others, which ha* attracted other strange impressions about the United States was vention of Charles S Moore, the master-machinist •£of nil kinds contain devout recognitions of a Divine Providence in the government ot the world, aad his who e life bears v;iiu*B«« to the iniluei.ee of a p evaiiiagseized the opportunity of mbk-ing what, if it had failed, would have been called a rash movement. This showed bim the poes*ssor of au exv>ansive capacity; conform- ixg patiently to Btraite, and keeping good heart in adver- sity, but ready at a mootent ofebange to'move withWashington and Hamilton, Washington's originalrough draft of a fare-ell address, and Hamilton'srevision of it (these'two papers exi« only, in the copiestaken by Mr. Sparks the ordinals h!ii»iogdisappeared),and Hamilton's original draught of an addraus in the*' new form." There ia also preeet ved among Hamil-ton's papeis " Aa abetraot of P<>:nt<j to form an tioned foi»arif88 for the militiry profession, who can in public appreciation generally brought prices nearlyvigor and power. When we add to .this an unques-than 150 copies will be printed of any of the series, aod.,,Morris's tale in IS-Oii, and some time afterward ven-out a careful examination and com&»riaon of the orig- ;me» to excel in science, litera'.ure, and the fine arts,inal paper? in tbe case.. Fr«m such j m examination it thattho.-e who axe destitute o** it id these departmentswid, we think appear, that the Fart well Address, as are often declared to wynt it altogether.' Bur. tv ere is adrawn up by Hamilt* n aid publish^ I by Washington geiiius of political and 'military skill; of «ocia>l influ-tothepeopleoftbeUoited•St»tes,commencing wih >nce,ofpersonalatifttidency,ofgowrntnect;ageniusthe maurial pordonsof Mr. Madtsqa's dmft of 1792, f.rv practical uttlity; a moral genius of true h»- made by oeveral gentlemen, appropriate to the occVplays of the above da*e, arranged alpTiabetioally by Mr. Ingram h*d any artistic t^atea or not, we dlo not air and r*i od, and in case of danger abe may be ,pr»v their titles, wi.h the author'e name, and anoh particu- know; but be had tbe inathict to employ those who verted from being f riyeo onto the breakers by be<njr lars respecting the plot, oircumetaocee of performance, bad, and the m<>ethighly educate* connoiasear coald SUJk at a little distance from tbe ah >re,the deck beingTHE WORKS OF FRANCIS KACON. Vol XL 8vro. pp4P2 Brown &.Taggard. Sold by E; French, No.53 CediT &c, as may have escaped the ravage? of time. An baidly have doca better, either ia the selection of ar- mad* aii-tigbt, an<<a l^ng gutta-percha tube cortoeotedatroet. v. ' alphabetical Judex refers to the authors, and tC vala*t>ld tiste or in the choice tf subjecta to further hi« with the hold being allowed to floaf, atr*<*hed to a Ths^ fiiet infitaOment of the American reprint of Mr. -liac (for which Mr. Halhwell express hisobh'gWions objecta. It is only tigbteen year* since the buoy. In case of fire, sink the v«e«el sufficiently t* Spedding'a admirable edition of Bacon's complete to Lis publisher, Mr. John Rueeell Smith)ifl given of fi jst number of The Ilbtstroted London Sews made drown it out and then raise her attain by fo ciutfii air.ing out the beet English editionjtf Lord Bacon's work* in such an appropriate style, is entitled to cordial com- menda:ion. Taking the present Volume aBa specimen of tbe series, it will be precisely such an edition as gratifies the taste of ^the scholar, while it is in a mostand tianeferred on his authority to more imp>riautworks. It is to be feared that most them are of a very great business tact, a Magistrate, and a Membsr of of civilization. All»h^se specimens have been 4epo«it-OLD MACKINAW; OR,TUBFOKTKKS.HOKT»<KLAKESAJTOreaders in this country. They embrace a great variety of subjects, moral, religious, literary, and artistic in tbtir character, and accordingly address no limited div8rsi»y of tastes. Among the topics of the volume are the "Influence of John Knox on the Reformation in England." 'VQueen Elizabeth," *" Pascal," " H o - garth and hie Pictures," " The World's Oldest Poem," and others. Several of the lectures indicate not a little ability, and in some cases, are fftun the pen of eminentprofessional men. .BOOKS RECEIVEDAn Expopition of tlhe Book of Esdflaiaxt.ica By the Rev. Charles BirWe»e-f, M. A. 12in''o. mp. 3ff9. Robert Carter & Brothers. Tbe CMldrrn on tbe Plains. By Aunt Friendly. 13mo. pp. 192.Ihe Some. ^*The Worka of Francis Bacon. Vol. XI. 8v.o. pp. 4*51. Browra& Taggud. E. .French, Agent, No. 58 Cedar street.The Perr? Family. No, IIT. Par?s to Am«t«rdam. P.y Danielexcited by the bringing forward of this fact, that an English gentlemtn resident at Florence has employed an Italian copyist to make a transcript of the notes of Sav<narolain one of these copies—that of the Basel Bible printed in 1491, in the Magliabeccbian Library. They fc rm 753 paagsin folio, and have been offered to one of tbe English XJniversities, to be published under their sanction, either in the original Latin, or in an English translaiiorj.—Mr. E. G. Squier- is pursuing with 'characteristic ecergy his plan for the' publication of a collection of "Rare and Original Documents concerning the Die- covery ard Conquest of America." A prospectus just issced details the intention.of the series, and gives the titles of sevei-al of the works proposed to be printed in it. No. 1, now ready, contains description of theOnce before/duriDg the' course of our experience, we have attended a sale of fine stock in a cold pelting —We learn by an aonouncement in a cotemporary jour- storm.- Whether or not the clerk of the weather look*Evidentlyadditional title, " Recent Inquiries, in Theology by Illustrated News'i his erroneous impressions arc notDot thrown off the track. The invention ha% been test- ed on tbe Oiange and Ahxandria RowdL, where a car bas befu run s°vcral miles wiih a broken axle without ronning off the track..—Large adjustable mirrors have b^en placed, > by waj of experiment, on a locomotive in England, reflect- ing to the engineer a view of the wbob: train l>ebtnd him. Tbisar'angement woold probably have prevent-ed the gwat'Camdea and Am'oy elaa^b'er', iq which twenty-five lives were loet by backing, a train over awagon that s»0' <1 *cropn the tra k.—Professor Way's electric light, in which the lightis produced by a stream of electricity applied to a run-i»eTVatio]QS on »he Indians,.their languages, manners, demand for booke was more of a healrby and genuine' and ccstoms, aie* very full and exact. Early^applica-tion is neces'ary to secure tho volume, as not moredecorated front in all Broad way, and it already begins topartnership arraugemeut, secured better stock for each'yesterday, to the satisfaction'of all concerned. Thothan of a ppeculative chaiacter, and tbe books highestdoubt that, if he bad been trained in the great wars of equal to the regular terms. The power of'consump- the larger portion of these are already engaged for -. , , j . ° , „ ; "liurope, he would have proved bims If equal to their tion that there is in the community for works once Germany, Cuba, Sec. Mr. Charlest 0 rfende t 0 e e r v e the imported bull which took the first premium at the° ^ the_purposeofcaryatides,which NationalAgricultural ShowatPbilatelphia. At the should always appear equal to the endurance of tbeseveresttests? Itisa remarkable fact,thatfinnn(vie (youth upward he evinced militarv capacitybeyond that of all the traixed and experienced officers with whom he was associated or brought m conflict. The neglect oil is advice in 1755, cost the veteran Braddock his army and bis life,,audtdrew the valley of the Ohio into the power of,the Frerch; aad all the'skill and ectrgy visible in tbe opf rations of Gen Forbes byaccepted as "standard," was shown,by'the large businessagent. s B. Norton isthe sales made by Mr. Putnam of Washington Irvirg'a, >—" The Archer ai;d tbe Steppe;.Or, The Empires ofits appearance, and journals of that c'ass are now Tbe .ssme apparatus, ho says, cOuld l>e made to famish old-Euglith draroaa and authors, by which at a glaoCi amorjg the indisf.ensable aids of social existence. Mr. pbniiiul ventilation,the cor>t*n's of all the modern reprinted collections ofHomy VIII.," and one or two fmaller pieces.^ In the folio edition of Shaktepeare is procetdiug with as much. town of Boston, and of c urae had enjoyed excsl- covered a conglomerate of'a recent gerJogtcal forma- l<preface to the History of Henry VII..." the editor rfgojariry aacchld.be expected on a work of that mag- Icrt opportunities of discovering what were tbe p pi- tion, which .contains amon? tbe pehb!eeand na oral combats the assertion of Sir James Ma«kintosh, that nirxde. Vohjnies Ijto iX are published, and a copy lar tastes. Seeingtbat papers which contained pictures cement which compose it a c-m^darable quantity oftbe woik -was written to gratify James I., thereby im-plying that it gives a fahe coloring to tbe character ofHenry. The reader may take some interest in comparing ihe history itself with the zealous defense of theeditor. He will probably conclude with Mackintosh,that if " Lord Bacon was the man of highest intellectamrmg the writers of hietory, he was.not the greatest curious literary statistics of remunera'ion to author*, has done good service by educating the public eye to verj crude narore of tbeimnraaente f >nnatia the same historian." The.enterpriseofthepubh'fhersinbring-occurs in Mr. Burton's library, including the right to the remainder of the.work.fold btttor than any others, he conceived the Hea ofpublishing an illustrated weekly journal. The [Uu$-tratcd London .News, the most successful publishingenterpr'ze of the time, was tbe resn.lt* It has not onlybeen successful as an il'ustrator of current events, buc deerJ., This is certainly the most ancieat specitnea ot by publishing illustrations of high artistic merits, it—Mr.CharlesjRoade,thatpertiaaci->U3denouncerof all infringements on his rights, real or fancied, gives in his new work, "TheEighth Commandment," manyoVj^c'e worked by the httd of man i t flint or ia bo.e; such as knives end arrow-heads. On a fragment ef polishedbone,brokenoutoft^emass,hehasfoundde-design yet foond io Gaul, and if we may jadg*j by t W andsimilarmatters,whichwillveryliktlybequoted anappreciationofwhatiiiotriDsicaUy e^cllentin placeardby.theabsenceofmetalinanyforminthe*•from anote of Mr. RCade's; to the editor of Tlw. Liter- adinber ofAmericwi institutions, as men of his classary Gazette, printed, in the number for August 25, ia aare-apt to be; but it is only as a promoter of the in-—The^Iden type-setter and distributor, which w*ITS S0KKOUNPING8. By VV. P . SxiciCKi.Aj(i>. YZmo., known that Paradiee Lost waa sold to Samuel Sim- simplicity' of manners, tbe tender attachment he griping the type, PO^that they are seized flat-wise n vpp. 4C4. James Challen &Son. • .In this valuable contribution to the history and geography of the North-West, Dr. Strickland has availed hirnpelf of a great variety of sources, and pre- sents an almost exhaustive view of the condition and profjfectsof ihe upper part of Michigan. He com- mences with the earliest Indian legends, and ends with tbe latest statistical reports./ His volume affords a striking illustraticn of the rapid material development that portion of the^ountry, w>ile it predicts a stillmore remarkable expantion f ;r the future.the fruit of laborious research, and familiar knowl- edge, it must at once take a high place,as a standard authority for reference, at>d at the same time, it aboundb in anecdotes and descriptions which give a constant interest to its perusal.hour.—The volume of " Essays and Reviews," by'Profs, but for bis fear of dargers from traveling. Among his t—We have been shown a patent safety-truck, the in-been.oftener repeated.so much attention since its recent publication in En-ejkbt dy. They, represent a new era in Anglicancity, are taking steps toward making, a special exhibi-from this country on\a visit to Italy. He wiTTembarknext monih from Bostou for Meeoina, aud thence go to ing down "to 1497. Among other new facts it Florence, where he intends remaining some,two jears.ismc-*-tiirg with much favurin Knulasd. Ic it eaid that there ie no actual c -mbustioo of th*f me-cu'y the only expense being for the ac'ds supplied to tbe battery. The light is exceedingly brilliant.rola and his Times, related wi h the Assistance of newDocuments," baa just appeared at Florence, com-,n o t e s ,almost microscopic characters, with continual abbre- via-iojos, so as to be scarcely intelligible to the most c a r e f u l e t u d y , a i d e d , b y a m a g t - i f y i n g g l a s s . T h i s m a s s1"57.. • ••»•*••• ,KlW£48,tM 1 7 R 0 . • • • • •* • • » • • > • > • * * . 2 n 5 4 8 * 4 3 ^ 1S1Z. • •••* . . . . . . . . . .361,693 179f34lL s « t C e n a o s...4U.457.eil . 4 1 4 , $ X ? , M Haeqn'-nfi < 7no.rigi:'.aflhetier; i are V a, k d u r i x L" p t i i new m •«:•;: p.r')m';c>:' to tbe rr.r.iSveryt *ra eaaon naOP'V ' i 1e crcu' Jhddtii J opei t : ••',%'ty—ch* >t loca^d i nt'in'rij; t* of itrn « «liThe gea*ot Sta^*: a \iXt at a pom have vieit^c volrnt lm« repu'ation and.adj-^* to be one* the h;*- r Tbt> >Fawke.- v are to bt ten b»s. v broken -jaiof .prai.'.' Gr&hwo meew ai! The bi*-: nr takes {>*!« tiird di»r t ent coui" y thehotii -snieh attrac at the .-u stnn'vici. f*is a cl- ' i tStateiFi-uKe*-d i\ itiiie. -»r differ*nt t theSocial atkr-ti- ttixation- n the'roozi^ it will ce Stated is I n a S t ^ e neut loc/iQ•.ap'par+cc wdi dou^i involved i atti-ndacc*Th" wri the fair UTUSUJR •"- •^;.AM)MAS CorTt>-p '<i<1>. K Thrr- iUs ury.whltte>'mU\ih oimided pghape.''i«a qu'tiu th?argnm* ti -u-.^ti' tr.iv?kit» lamei tiii-en si i'only i ki «"w•fra.'ii:.'.! tt »y w. and h*.Ihfev. of d*>|tt><K> not t-» ihree U •Biit I m »»ttH k« <r«aiur COtdltiK•UK" "i'U'l Tobwtitnths* • ' .'try fcrn'tbere \> - travels > there ** iU.d J*0'-i nothing ' losing**"•te» to b.i.^ ?! ' wj-y. >w r i t t e n ?b yt h eg r e a tF r i a r ' so w nh a n di nburden imposed upon them.. It is a great mistake, too, same time they bought Finella, a*red cow, by Grand and Btsyard Taylor's writings. His invoice, mainly Sc\ this: a History of Russia and Tartary, from the to make caryatides emblematical statues, as it destroys Dnke, oat of F»>y, bred by Mr. Bolden, aod imported byconsisting of the?e works in various styles, realized earliest Ages to the Fall of the Mongol Power in Eu- the original idea for which tbeae figures are employed Mr. Alexander. Ocber ttrau'S of blood wore used atupward of $10,000 Messrs. Townsend's edi ions of rope in the Middle of the Sixteenth Century," is theCccper, and beautiful embellished volumes of their title of a work announced by Mr. James Blackwood, whi^h it wai* recovered in 1758, were infused iato them illustrations, were aJno in great demand. Mr. Scrib-' which promises to fill a void in English libraries.in architectural embellishment.—It haa been frequently-mentioned in the jottrnals of lat'Ors of the association has been a very pretty lor, ofNew-York and Boston that Mr. Rowse wont to Ea- cattle. Two-of the partners having an eye for the. gland to make a portaitof Tennyson for Mr. Longfel- pleasures of horse-breediuf. associated themselves with• by Washington.Akin to the argument against his military capacity, in the question wceiher, generally speaking, Washing- ton was a man of genius—a queetioo not to be an-!ner's elegant gift volume of " Folk SoDgs" was gener- —The specimen-plates of tbe illustrations of the trav-ally predicted .to be the popular favorite for .-next els of the brothers Schlagintweit iii India and Central low; but it was Prof. Lowell of Cambridge, who gave Mr G. yv. Adrtins, the well-known'horse-breeder atChristmas, Mepsrs. Derby & Jackson's " Loves and Atia which have reached us are wonderfolly accurate bim the commission for Tennyson's portrait, and Mr. Whitehall, and have given a good share of attention toHeroines of the Poets." and " Literary Women of the this specialty. It seemed to us that it would have reproductions of the original aquerelles by Hermann Emerson who commissioned him to take a portrait ofSouth," disputing'the palm with it. Of these works Schlaginweit. The awful and desolate grandeur of the Carlyle. ' ' ' J been better for them to have restricted themselves teas many were sold as the publinhere^were willing to icy peaks of the Himalayas is presented with surprising —Mr. Schans of Broadway lia3 just added to his one, or at most two griod s'allions, iuetead cf the num- with it. As little did he posaepH tne genius of the ora- supply. The accommodations for the sale were some- fidelity aud force. The illustrations are printed iu oil gallery pictores purchased by him on his recent vieit to ber which have sired their colts, for a greater uniform-.swertd till that word is expla ned. Dr. Johnson ctUa it " that power which consulates a poet," and in that) acceptation Washington certainly was not endowed!tor the man of kt'.er?, the ecuiptor, the painter, thewhat cramped, owing to the unfinished state of the fine building in Mercer street dedicated to these assem-good feeling, however, prevailed. An interruption tonotably those in Mollhausen's Tagebuch einer Reisc echcdis. • ; ' . ' . • many possible buyers from being in attendance thatthe sale occurred on Wednesday ev-^ing, when the vom Mississippi yiach dev Kilttender &'fidsee, approx- uenaVsocialmeetingwasheld,andaddresseswere imateverycloselytofineoil-paintings.presents, in a more developed form, tbo yarioua ideas ro?Hm of unselfish patrio'iflh-, and of stern., public eioD, tending to exprtsn their satisfaction at the present, —The Coita'jche Buchhdndlvng- at Stuttgart is issu-contained in Washington's origical draft, and trea's, integrity, which is as strongly rnarksd an endowment and their, confidence in'the future prosperity of "the ing an editiorfof Schillor's poems, as a part of the the most highly prhtfd pictures of the modern Frenchin argumentative connection, th* topics therein more#* those gifts of int^ll«ct, iinagtua'iort, and taste winch cots i'ute the poet or the ar' ist Without adopting Vir- gd'a magnificent but •scornful con'ra.jt between scien-Schiller Festival, which promises to surpass all previousschool. At the sale of the pictures of the Duke of Orleans, after his death, a small painting by Des- olamps, for which he was paid but 800 fnaojps, sold f rshed and called tbe first lot. He called tin vain, for there came no response to his confidential aud cheery appeals, and "Anna Page," the cow in question, pulled b6r feet, from out their deep bed of a icky olsy, audlwas driven away. So came lot 2, lot 3, aud tbe ufxt •apbo/wtically propounded; the whbfe comb ned' with;• ..Tiade."—The most important. article in the new volume sist of al>ont €00 large quarto p^ges of toxtj with six-attempts at the adornment of hw works. It will con-ing, in its proper place, every snggestion contained in urfnl arts on tfie ether, by which victories are gained (3?d) of Didot's JSovveiln Biographic Qenerdh ia a life teen fall-p»ge ^iKitograpbic illustrations and twenty- 4 000. .There have been but few of Deschampe' pic-originalsugKesuous of a kindred type}from Hamilton'sown pen. Great skill is eviuced by him in interweav- liilc and litetarv skill, on the one hand, and those mas-Wnebirgtoo'8 draft (»ith a cioglo'exception); nor is ard nations are governed, we must still admit, that the of Mohammed, extending to 30 pages, by the Arabic five or thir y tmailer photographs, serving as head-tiaere believed to be anything superadded by Hamilton, chief-i>io who, iu spite of obstacle* tbe most formidable, scho'ar, M. Renaud. It is probably the best digest of pieces to poem*. The paper and print have no superi- of which the germ at -least cannot tej /ourid in Wasi- and vicissitude* the inofet distressing, conducts greatington's dr*ft, in his mul if» ri-.ua correspondence, or in wars to succepsfuliesnes—that, the statesman who bar tbe subject that exists. A life of Magellan, the cir- or, and tbe specimen's "of the photographs which have other productiona unquestionably front his pen. monizes angry parties in pea'ce.skillfully moderates the cumnavigator, by M. Ferdinand Denis, who is facile reached us are in tV* !• igbest' Hty le Of the art- The edi-tures' seen in this country,' the small landscape in the poeses8icn of Mr. Belmont being the most character-four lots, at which juncture, lot 2, Bloom, was/recalled, and sold for $7.3 to Mr. Trowbridge of New-Jersey. Lot 8 was a pretty, stylissh, red-and- white cow, by Lord Eryholme, 2d (11,7#>) out of V I Morris's,A single tpic contained in Wasblngtons draught com stls of constituent asternblies, and, without there- prince.ps on all that relates to Portugal, ia ah interest- tion will Le completed in the courseof next year, SCIENCE, INDUSTRY AND INVENTION. Agnes. She bad a large bag, and the uennl *ijrns of awas exc nd-d, with his fail consec t and approbation, s <urce of rhetoric but by influence mightier than aur ing, contribution to the history of American diecovery.fr«.m the published address. The passage in qae.stion thority, secures the formati »n and organization of gov-c "usssted cf suggestions of a personal isuaracter—an in- ernm*-i)tr,• i dinthciradmitiistrtttioneatablisheethem d- The notice of Macaul?»y is furnish*-d by M. Leon Jou- Hand-af/'/s is now beii g published by Hermann Bur-- • • m—M. R. Thomasay has published an essay onhydrol-ogy. He makes hydrology-to differ from hydrographyin ihat while hydrography coutines itself to the surface and falsehoods, " to wouud his reputation and f?ol- tinct in iit* kind as th-»t of Oesmostheues or Mil on. It wb.ich IIHVC readied N>w-Vork, a survey of the ani- of the earth in its description of the waters, hydrologymilker—qualifications which made' £e? appear to the eyes of Mr. Roessle ef tee f^elayan Houi>e worth the $200 at which she wras knocked down to him. The rain went on falling bravely, and the cbid crept nearer and nearer to our marrows, as we waited f\.<r forne One to bid. It was a useless task, however, thai of driv- ing up tho various.lots in succession, fur it seemed aa if no one present would take the best animala iu the yatd at a cent apiece; and so at last, when about the twOa- tieth lot had been calieU and passed, the auctioneer |re quested tome gentleman to name an animal on which—A ver}- useful and moderatxj-priced Zoologiseher d gt>ant allneion to the efforts made Ixy '*some of the tl of official conduct for al* following time, id endowed bert. From it we learn that, though thore have been meister,. in Berhn. It comprises, in six parts, four ofg z e t u s o f t h e Uoited States," by misrepresentations with a chine principle of thought and action, as dis- two French translations of hie history" the eeeays haveiogs,'4and " to weaken if not entirely destroy the con is il.e getin* of a consumma'emanhood Anilyois may not yet been introducedjto French readers; and that a iiial kingdom from a tcitmtiGc as well as picturesquefollows them into the depths of the earth, and studiestbeir influence upon the formation and modification ofthe earth's crust. Mr. Thomassy'se-eay treats of theevaporation and precipitation of water and its returnto the point of departure, as well throogh rivers onthe surface of the earth as through subterraneous pas-sages. In an appendix, he treats specially of the hy- he would bid. . Tbe result of the desperate appeal was drology of the Miseheippi, studying in succes^im thejidence" rep* sed i«i him by tbe country; a proud asser- describe its manifestation** in either case, but cannot do version of them is announced by M. Gaillaumo Guizot. iion of the uprightness "of hie intentions; * touching Pf> ^ "1*TMT VTM^- & » » hnal element of The volume extends from Louise de Savoie to Malde-poift of view, and the illustrations, which are very nu- merous -are finely colored, and are not, like so many representations of ar«imals, mere caricatures.—AnewSanfcritdictionary,is.nowinthepressoftbe Imperial Academy of Sciences in St. Petersburg; it is a Sanscrit-German dictionary.fJemand of r e s ^ a for " the gray hairn of a man" whS> ^haracttr.W e m y speakof prudence, punc-ghene; arid its position in the series seems to render'the proposed completion of the work in .45 volumes diffi- cult, suppoeing that a due regard to proportion is pre- served in that portion of the alphabet still to come.—An important confirmation of Sir Henry Rawlin- con's discovery relating to Egyptian Hiatory in the As- syrian inscriptions mentioned in our summary of las'had passed the prime of his.life in tj», service of t h /t D^ 7 's n dof bravery and dic«inter- »'Control ofcountry,thatbemay4besuf&*adtopassquieayt6 estednese,aswepp-akofaneyeforcolorandaper t b , a sensibility tohis graVe;" with a condndiug'oleeTvXn that his for- S J ^ t f J ^ f f ^ S L f t . l W *ir;i e had not been improved oy the eooluments of of- the sublime, the patbethic, and the beautifal in dis-'iiwr. These ideas, rather more careful] y digrsted than course; but behind and above all these there must be aamy other portion of Washington's c riginal draught, Y wr, in the published addrese, omitted almost wholly, asm this with the distinct approbation t>f Washington, ft appears to have been thought tnat, ia a paper calca- !»t'd to descend to posterity, silasiojsto temporarycauses of irritation had better he snj pressedU From -; >:» opinion we are compelled, with great diffidence, to >•ee-.nt. W e are under the impre«*fc>n that though t'iis part of Wsshington's draaght, I ke the rest of it <but tees than the other portion*), Wfs "in a rough state." the substance of it, with some softening of the language, which was never intended for publica- tion, might have been retained. Th» opponents of Washington were not conciliated by its absence,andcreative ard animating principle; at least as much in character as in intellect or aft. The qualities which pertain to g*niusare not the whole of genius in tieARpITEMS.absorbing functions Of the river, the.-influence of ita iubterranean etreama on the formation of its delta, and its cooling effect on the climate of Louisiana. M. Babinet, in the preface to this book, insists upon this apparently paradoxical statement that rivers are fed iess by their aillu.ents than by the founta'ns at the bot- tom of their bed, and he oilers to prove by a B'mple cal- culation that not a drop of water poured into the Seinethe sale of a grade cow wi.h her calf for $50.; that of •Flattery, a large, barren Earl Ducie, white cow, for $260; to George Charles of Abany, and a fine pair of 8- y ears-old, matched Devon workiug oxen, for $170.jto J.V .Moore. Then there was a pause, which was soon eeen to be final, and so the other lots of cows, calves and bulls (Neptune and all) were passed, andtho ho'rtes called. ". Of horses there wpre registered in the catalogue 20 brood mares; 3 three-years old colts; 10 two-years old; 13yearling*: 13 under a year; and several stallions.There were more horse fanciers thau stock aeu on the ground, and we surely supposed that there would have been some brisker bidding when the horeee wereone case any more than the other. The arteries, week, baa been given by the eminent hieroglyphic the lungs, and tbe nfrves are essential to life,—*—Tbe World of Ait should drop more than ouebut they are not life itself—that higher something, which puts all the organic functions of the frame in motion. In the possession of that mysterious quality of character, manifested in a long life of unambitious service, which, called bv whatever name, irispires the confidence, commands the respect, and wins the affec- tion of contemporaries, and grows upon the admiration of successive generations forming a standard to which the merit of other men is referred, and a living proof that pure patriotism is not a delusion, nor virtue auscholar, Mr. Joseph Bonom6, who stales that the pe-posterity haslost a lesson on the licens > and ferocity of eapty name, no one of the sons of men has equaledStrty defamation, nearly as important is any contained GfcoROK WASHINGTON.xotbe m&dr*B8. It reflect* new Jnater an the modestyof Washington, that, in a matter persbnal to hunetll, The appendix to the volume contains aninter- an interesting addition to tbe l[ Old English Library." io deferred to thejodg«entof his trusted fnend; hut estirg paper by Dr. James Jackeon of Boston, in Though necessarily based on the provious labors of this judgaient, in ib» present case, we conceiye toto the dissemination of intelligence among the massesas the daily-journal. There had been plenty of picture phlettin which he recommends, as a safeguard againstJutve heoa erroaeoo*.ers evidently bad no nioney to iuvoet, and those who. had would »ot show their handa. One geutleina*.•• ....an •...it......•3; .•.:c^^vui^»«.;p;»^ii'5i ''^X;.r iriod of time comprised in tbe Assyrian memorial of in- "melodious tear'' over the loss of Mr. Herbert In- vasion aid conquest, is a blank space in the native gram, who perished miserably among the 'passengersEgyptian annals, which this discovery appropriately completes, while at the same time it affords an inde-of the Lady Elgin on Lake Michigan last week; for be did more than any ojther man of his time to educateth«tr'nnrt ;ui\ s>ix'C*ww*j iMomw : ing the' Isngu.'iff;igbtcn« 1; be recti a ivjeu no i ,r|conce » ^Hmo mi. nl Octobe^ i i fell—»w t« a QPHc'^wtj r2 land, in No) in all th*- iiiby Storch and Kramer, of Berlin, who have madeEnTope, by T: Frere. Lambinet, Coavet, Couturier,, ity of quality must by that meant- have bc«n secured:pendent tesftmony to the correctness of the system of the artistic tastes of the people, and to give employ-interpretau'oDB by which the cuneiform inscriptiona mentjx) artistic talent. He was the inventor of the by theTonne or the Marne can possibly arrive at,are deciphered and explained.illustrated paper which has now become as necessary Ronen.—Mr. Halliwell's laet work, " A Dictionary of Old Ev^lish- Playe in Print or MS., to the Year 1700," ia—Dr, Brevard, of Grenoble, has published a pani-papers of various kinds published before his time, but the illustrated newspaper was originated by him, and,as very rarely bappeu a with the originator of any on deck. If the yesael springs a leak, by pumping air which that eminert physician •proBents a lucid Langbidne, and Baker, and hiH editors, it includes ectemti for popular benefit, he reaped the first firuits, of iato the hold the water can bo driven out, and.the" menUntitled Document^ „r% bis recent accident by being thrown from his wagon,andleftNew-YorkonMondaylastonasketchingtourtwhich he will execute in Florence.—Mr. Church has quite recovered from the effects of taken by the Chinese, bas iocrea*4ed as follows:to Mount Desert.:—Mrs Mi'el, of London, has found that by pasaing a c u r r e n t o f e l e c t r i c i t y t h r o u g h w a U - r i u w h i c h c l o t h e s Kvii/g, has recently been modeled by Mr. T. D. Jone«, are bleaching, there is great economy of time, and ahawho is nowa resident" of Ohio. The bust is highly secures extraordinary results. . spoken of by those who have seen it.'/er, isnatioraliziDgbis repu'ation; by painting a fe *• por-traits in each of the chief cities of the West." It is agood thing to do, and we are happy to learn that Mat- of Tuesday uight and Wed esday, the dust on the thews is doing it. .—Mr. Healy, who at present calls himself a citizenof Chicago, is reported to be " visiting the Southern. yards and stock-yards about the " Log Tavern," were State*." The statement is rather indefinite, but it is suf- little better than 'quagmires. Tne handful of persona ficient to indicate the direction of his ram'blings. who gathered at that pla?o to attend the advertised—It. ia a.matter of wonder that none of the enterpris- sale of th.o Albany Breeding Association, were objectsing Broadway builders, who are utterly regardless of Of pity, as they waded through the sticky mire, ex- .expense iu striving to outdo each other in the magni- posed to the mercile'S driving nDrth-easter, orficence of their white marble and otive complexion crouch*d, shivering under the eaves of some friendly facades, have never lit upon the idea of a tower, some- she!. It was a bad day for an auction of aoy kind,tbirg, for example, in the style of the Campanile of was Wednesday, and worse thau all for an auction ofFlorence. : In would be so striking in effect, and soprominent as an advertisement. The^ ne w fine-art bears us out in ouras-ertion. William M. Bullock, gallery erecting by Mr. Derby, above Houston street, Joseph Hilton, Wm. II.' Sliogerlaud and' WilliamHurst, four farmers living in the vicinity of A.Ibany, each side of it, and its front already'rises to a greater joiiif-d together three years ago to form a " Breedinghight than the gray gotlic towers of Sc.Thomas'a Association." Putting iu a certain amount of capital, Church, which are destined ere long' to be taken they, formed a fund for the purchase of some verydown, This fine-art gallery Will have the mosv. higbly choice and expensive cattle, aud thus, by a species ofis, in fact, a tower as compared with the buildings onattract attention by the beauty of its sculptures. It is tbt»h either coulc afford to uee alone. They commf needrather too Darrow to produce a line eflect, and the three by phrcbasicg a number of Sbcrt-lioros at Lewis G.themselves a name in this new aud rapidly -progressing Diaz, Fichet,' Merle, Laufant de Mete, Girardet, Lam- The hour appointed for the nale oa Wednowlay waa—The premature death of Deschamps, the French, what with waiting for trains and stages, and one thing- painter, will probably cau?e his works to rine oranother,itwaepatt3o'clockbeforetheauctioneer' giHilly , in ; their market value, as they are among mounted bis box under tbe drippiug eaves of the horse-istic of his manuer.-'v',' • •most of tbe disasters at sea, that the decka of vessols bemade air-tigbt, and that a powerful aii-pum? be placed reached. Vain delusion ! the majority of the bystand-etf-ad Of <=dge-wife, as b-fore. The general form aad—The.populatfonofChina,accordingtotbecensusesbut as a general thing, their auction sales fall upon plea-ant days. Under the influence of the heavy rainsNew-Scotland Plant road, which runs put of AlDany,had become mud by Wednesday nooD, and the barn-various times up to tbe present, atjd t'ie result tf the., JHJU,__ -.. Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069• 'f' !www.fultonhistory.com... •' ;j 