 MTififSTIXt ROM EUttPE.prevailed at the va ithafthSmgorNaples"1hhaadd fflled.. IRt waat said tbtTSe agents ot tbe King of Piedmoat bai exercisedn v w y V W "contrasttoyon>**%*&**ofpeople,whoarequietly fur UD<1OB, Gahnj, Paris, St PeteK- electing a mtidrntafe/, gstoertoe ta your bountiful crop eeree*. to feet all toe worid and all the worlds tof-cliques and squabble*, In which the partona—at least one ofthcto-^ayaoonapkraotaipait. tt the political, naa- tical, commercial, parliamentary, municipal, social, aa- ral, religioue, clerical and Jounaltetie affaire of Galway the self elected leader for _ -years has been a Jesuitandtenoftbesoldierstobeshot,andcompellelthree thousand of tbe inhabitants of the city compromised ia the ate scenes to be enrolled ta the army. Four thou- sand five hundred French soldiers had lanood at Beyrout.class efoffencestor » " * » ' "__»„_. ^_ » i ~ , *~A aaditdgment he* new ban totheiroontroveny. 4committeeoftae1sttoatproaouaced aa opinion i iter assay years' delay tba sablkfr.baa managed to amass a large fortune. The former bish- . op of too diocese being a rery meek man, he got him un- Lindsay's Mission to the You attoal to your immediate affairs of growing and der bit thumb and induced hits to throw several parishestarg a^ Eetii Cwmspoitence.t/by lettbefirteevndtcrco The heart naaaBad pw.y;. tha session succeeded ta briagtag tbairaatt tatty • 'jnparUali ty by rovernmeat no m i - ^thirty before rwrtatntat More than a year arc the batIjmCiPATEDI M S .OP TIBI0&LR1S.II I 1 M C UwbBa» world, where barbarism, papacy aad aaueratrtion, lemewhat priccrly income or over six tooonenl dollarsbands that be imlaedately .Omitted ^orO l f t W o trglWty w%s^..*WV*'1 in liiig^f ^!dea exit from the world by a piesel bullet fired through Iua DepreMiss Effect on tbe Price hia bead by his own banc •. It was toe occaakm of a fee-Uvity in which Heme prinoo of to- royal family waa toplay a part It was anticipated that the explosion di- •f rectly in toe midst of a great number of vetsela would have canned a vast destruction of property and life, batalia design was fortunately frustrated.Tbe Great Eastern baa arrived at Milford tJaven, in aGaribaldi's that, about three weeks BfVr the marrj Others say Therebility toat these tuggestloos will be attended to, or that tbey will content to teego a power which they bad quits at convenient sa their predecessors.WiEUKE PEEPiBAT10HS11FRAICL out their .ast ship to Lisbon and rlrazil. The Milford Ha- ven left on the 24tb instant IDcommand of young Mr. Hus- aay—a moat ctpable and talented young officer, a cepnewthe prospects of a good harvest more and more discou- raging.It may be easily imagined that the viewe of govern aunt en ttto subject dtffer widely from toots af tba pub- lic. A statesman oi high sanding remarked tte other day toat the cause of toe King of Naples wat identicali* iWfJCA.1Your correspondents In London and Pari* undonbtedry give vou tba latest intelligence from Italy. Garibaldi it fatrl#en tbe mainland with a large force, which ia beingkicriptien uf the SurmiaiUg Country—lh il-Mt </ Garibaldi t Pbtition—KouulK't Moot-laws a thus proaouaced to befinalaat imvere bto.SECftilSS,of Mr J B Croekey, ana for some time tbefirstofficer ofthe steamer Yanderbilt, when commanded by CaptainBiggin*. The Anjrio-Luso line broke up, or ratherceaasd, not ftr want ot Kagliah or Braziltan patronage,bnt on account of the treachery, false promises and mesa- augmented daily. His motto still continues to be Excel served ber son, son inlaw aad nephew: Mr. Faulkner, the with toat of atoaarcay itself; toat toe sovereigns acta of the 1'ortnguen government and the plunder of stor:Portuguese agents. Tbe whole scene of Portuguese com * e steamttitp Asia, OapUtn l of,, wluoh sailed from mercial affairs &one of wholesale" plundering, treachery»Oar Pails Correspondence.American Minister; Mr. Calhoun, a planter from Louisiana; of Europe were all more or teat menaced by Colonel Stewart, son of Commodore Stewart, and manyothers. Tbe services at the church occupied more than the progress of revolution, and that tf theyfound or of .the Galway line was a place of sophistry and yjae strike among the weavers of Coventry was at an treachery from which be haa suffered from the commence- ment. Be has not bean toe chairman or tbe manager,But, in fact, tbe harvest in tola direction had alreadyed by, that Interview. Tbe Congress in question wat one of those annual police conclaves which, aa baa been men- tioned by tae to prevlout letters, were first introduced byi; and really, toat was quite too bad. Tbe beat joke of tbe much talked of and lately opened packet port oa tbe i war—tola grand theatrical performanse on a large western coast of Ireland.' Arriving at toe railway sta- t, where comedy aad farce were strangely intermixed tion , the traveller alights and walks directly into toe Rail-Rotate, aad it waa finallyginated, but as yet it bas done very little to justify them. be passed over sub sQentio, convention restricting spite of then crossts, augmented by the Ki'lw.tohekisjnsnad where poor King Marat waa shot, it would be an act af retributive Justice. Bat bis people will be avented by hie leaving country, throne andking awaa, and allowing hla subjects to choose their ruler. The Stress soli ia a fit aaaae to a steam vassal that bears away toe seanaaatic, bombarding Bombalino, aad if the ia not enak by a bombshell, then justice is ant done him, and amtan does net get bis owa ta good time.questionably destined to figure among toe commercialplacet of tbe world, and will be at least toe entrepot andoutlet of Ireland's western commerce. While Cork it aport of call, Belfast toe manufacturing centre, aad Dublintbe political metropolis, Galway will be the commercial avalanche. Look at the Bourse, it is said; doesof Franse may have i to listen to her over-tovribaldj seems not to have landed all his army at once packet station aad steam line. While they pour outwith tte Emperor Francis Joa a match between tte Count daughters of tte Grand Lcuubteaberg prteceascs haveThere is some talk of era and one of toe Mara; but at the brought up in toetimed aad Ui.iudictous address to toe Crowa, at toe com menoementof the session, tbe House of OoBasaona de feated tte very object onr ahip owners had ia view. aad the French Ministers intimated te Lord Cowiey toat itan toe aberee oi Calabria, u the Neapjlitaa fleet in the narrow straite of Messina—aneat aix aulas ia width— Sec* such good guard aa to menace both his embarkationunmeasured maledictions upon toe beads of all who op- posed their line, there It nothing too extensive, too good and too liberal for them to bestow upon those who have given them the great' commorcial boon,long call ia toe positive intervention of their principals ?Co to the Fast, where the rivalry te said to be intense At long aa the Verein waa countenanced, or at least orthodox faith, tte difference religion would, I should waa nsetost to take any aitiattva at pretest te the stati*jiu*t wale* while *" una tbe wwrid away.man of great telf-denial, disinterested and patriotic, betngTlt te said, to cross over to Clvita Veoehit, w a a a daughter of the Marqua rtaymoad, aa ItaliaaJ»Weman of immense wealth, aad waa married a short time ago to Garibaldi. Borne report* state that before toe m«*TMg« wat centum aJtted such damatogt^ew^eawse « " • £ • * \ J ?rers' Conrrert, aadutm the l a w i T j ^ S V f ^ E S I *m T i n t re" poeirgtbe anosnalora state of toetogalatwJpett, and recommeodteg toe reetorattoa of the jury to taT^'JZ„riio s. But notwithstanding the li»eralpro- proper fascBt toat.Bowever opposed ia opinion ab both parties had a very ktogether ta attires* toate If toe shipowners in Parliament could est am*about the quastio twaata of the general effect efof toe Navigation tows, at all areata they were as per fectly concordant sa they ever will bo a any araaa, which would reltova tte thiepteg interest from theeaatga of light duet, passing toUfe, or aay ototrapeaaJ barasseg which tbey Ml so toooly oomptoined.Bowever, at last a committee waa rormed, aad toaktoaat i a composition a would appear that, aJtooatx, a ?conseWda'.iBg into a pewertnlnattea, aad one eftoeaedaysare chagrined aad feel cool towardt Mr. Lever in conse- quenceofbSveryintimateassociationwithaJesuitpriest of the name of Peter Daly—a man of an arrogant, over- bearing disposition and dictatorial character, and who, by a natural consequence, Is most unpopular with every large number of his townsmen. Mr. Roebuck, baringthat Imposes these sa toe Improved manners of toe age, which reflect upon tbe execution, and demand that a check shall be given to licentiousness, assuming for its guise the mantle of liberty.In regard to toe interruptions which have occurred ia the imperial pacific programme, he says toe questions re- lating to toe Bait aad to Italy were not of tbe Emperor's originating, but existed long before hit Mate. He bat simply toe merit of giving them a legitimate solution. No one need be afraid of France in her power, for her mode ration la ever preeminent. It is only ia bor injurious depression toat tbe it dangerous. France, with forty millions at bar back aad victor of Solferlno, is lost to besited license for mismanagement.Yates, a once celebrated ectreaa in London, te thrown himself, arms, body and son), into toe custody of'hedging in the cuckoo " has mat from all sites an quivocal condemnation.to-Rev. Father Daly, baa caused much merriment inEngland—an example of tbe decadence and decline of a flair Ixiadoa Correspoatdence. once powerful mind aad influential politician to toe posi- tion of the hanger on of a fourth rate parish priest. SowLOSDOM, August 31, I860 are the mighty fallen' The once keen aad cutting Sheffield /i*0A. (J Jitng Bo.i.ba—Landing <Jf Griboidi oiblade, as a witty journaiiat hat aaid, ''transformed intoa conspicuous part la the e rents of 1848. Theiravowed aim a toe constitutional unity or Germany, which,however, they hope to bring about by conciliatorymeasures, without having recourse to revolutionary agi-tation. They propose to reform toe numerous abuses intoe administrat on, by aying open all that te faulty aadrotten In it, and applying efficient remedies against mte ner as France was authorized 11 send troops to Syria to cobatol •omnlunt. Ha abolition of tbe oa Navigationan old buffer."Oar Galwa,y Correspondence. GALWAY, Ireland, August 38,1800.Not a single witness proposed to revert •« tba old Narigatton law* hi their entirety, sad tbe ooataittes unanimously rejected at impracttoabto aay tucgesttoa which had lor iia object tte re establishment ot as ei elusive monopoly of toe carrying trade to and from AWaamu—Jaamdar Attempt to Blow Up the AuMrian JW-aalc ka-ur—Spread of Amtrioan ideas to Englanil— Sam Stick's Opinio of Liverpool—Commercial Prospect*Thto deeteioa practically dtepaaes or toe second quest or concerning tha expediency of requiring foreign PcwerrJar. Levrr ami the Galtoay Line, dte.• • reported here la political circles that the King ofbaa left hit dominion*—adand, continental and i that be baa left incontinently.Be weat away quite unawares; But whither be went,Nobodyknows,andnobodycares.m baatokenawaythirty millionducatsinspeciewithdreaded than after Waterloo.of Gaiua<j—Jrah Opposition to (hit Galway Subsidy—The speech of M. d. Pertigny win have already reach difficulties thrown ia the way of a person des.riog toNEW YORK cf fsjfe bodies TH E ^ A T T ) FRIDAY, SEiTUMBBR U , 1860.-TRIPLE SHE*;?.wu,u*meeiwt ( ^, headh•nb'ef, 1may a?lna, in the French breastso as to be under toe pre. - ahouid be coco.ME. LIKDSAY 8 MSSIOH.lBKTiL W i a Afli ATTHI8 TOW.to be on «* graeeaUtly enlarged ground. w«; fishermen or UsetagoowsofVenice, a thousand yean ago— Saaainst leading members of taedetaocracy, wae, almost lnvarably acquitted, In -•The Maritime t h e L n l t e dPrate uaowaanMice, ell point is OMd irection—tb' aofiorWwbt that lira thepiraticalofEysupport InltohourV trial, aad from tha aad other tag rumors tbe report above tseationed was preva.«ent.maece affriendlylycall oa hia cgoeod brjJtthnaeir Cid companion legitimate conu!*rcfsl channels, it will make them a great THRri PAYS LATER REW8. >nansa,VictorRmanuel 9«*a; Instwefor andwoaperowjpeople.ate, I fear for tbe pott.ByatelegraphicdeeoatcbegtbeSato from Marseilles, ferredtoatribunal 1 ^ff^i^^^SST^ntbtmCattedaadkoavery.Tbe Atlantic Royal Mall Steam Navigation Company— Galway and America—baa been improving in appear ance and In its shares lately, and baa a brighter pros- pect than ever for a profitable career. In the monev article of the Timet to-day, relative to the prices of stocks and shares in Ireland, toe Atlantic Ha ares, aaajuoted, are improved in consequence of tbe late,PARIS, August 81, 1S60an hour, and were very grand aad impressive.righUy understood their owaw^toterestt theywould bury their private feuds ia oblivion and uniteagainst tte common enemy. This opinion hat found apowerful advocate ia tte Empress Mother, who arrivedl at ton o'clock on the morning of the 1st inat., lOieenatown on the evening of UM2d, arrivednave at one o clock yesterday after noon.«M Java la adverttosd to take the place of the Cananana, leaving Iiverpoel for Quebec on the d.b instant. ejha adjournment of Parliament bad led to a dead calmmnehuce in England.A latter from Captain Young, of tbe Arctic cruiser Fox,anted HaJdersiag, August 7, Mates that tie Fox was on she point of starting for Iceland, after a successful surveym toe Faroe Isle* for tbe r«rpo*es ->f a North Atlantic Journal, show conclusively teat toe outcry against toe equal attention.1Wfjiia * track I ex-aad of«..^.. „* ih* nrvaa are removed from toe jury maua f U a t j r t w t a ^ r ^ - ^ — - — - - - - . M M - „:l. Mm\by the way—the lower cnterrnT „ beaaets a, ftt»d thy what «n» irlll-waa Bever nWta ' sjfii «JT«J«rsiaaitFyar" ***Jin toe '~into one, and make him toe pariah priest. fceejovBtoe aa toe aae ttoe, amy be pitted against oanatttutwoal go a year. This consist* of voluntary otmttibwloot, givwahim lor toe cure of their souls by a large number of per-yen amr, ha called upon to join in a grand struggle of thepresent ministry, there a very little proba- feat ions of toe pre•ernment aad progrcsa oa toe other. That struggle-tbe tody was caught intriguing with a « * " * £hwh ufoat, a great many of whom are in the very dregsof perhaps ia thirty or torty jeara from now—may be aa poverty. Be knows which tide hla bread * buttered; Ijiiprovement In the Weather memrrabte as tbe Crusades of the UiieleA^s. probably like Bob Southey, he batters Itisa both sides. Quite a Guy Fawkea aflair came near a foltlment at Without any family, be resides ia a palace, keeps a re-a evidenUy some strange mystery ^ u ^ f t ratTM a notgenerallyactnamted,andthetody«aprettnttoten^ tlon of going over to Italy stay aot be to^'"sAlreoreOax St. Fetersbmrg Corretpomdence. Si. rwraatacne, Aagast 20,180D.Trieste, oa board the Austrian frigats Kaisw. The first tleoeof servants, one or two very good looking ones;BreconcuWn, or refutation of <* J^'* * « 5 f S jsupposed. If the evil reports be true whatagk»toutposition has tola silly woman •*»»**«*•. R t K 5 Ebe tbe wi e or such a hero, and sit—If only for oaa nour— Tke Oooernment View of the Italian Imhrogtiti Napo-officer had a bole bored through the aide of toe powdermagastoe, and bad got hia wire and match inserted to givet paitiet, balls and route, and "fares sumptuouslyMow a i o a board to peiditlon, when he waa beard, dis- every day." Ibis much it ia necessary to know in orderto appreciate the stereotyped opening of -all bit Bpeechet;Milner Gibson, tbe President ot tte Board of TraaVweacoveredandseised,endbehadjusttimeto«nak«ittud- when,alterthankinghiahearersfortheirvaryflatteringchair, aad tbe proteettcaata bad a decided majority. Thabeen gathered by M. de Perstgny. M. do la Goeronnlere•ML Tbe weaver*, after severe privations, accepted toe tad be baa bean in a minority oa the board ever since me baa scarcely found enough te make a gleaner's sheaf. He toe notorious Von Binckeldey for the purpose of concert-hs saims af toe ategdawejejlaw nrst street railway m Eajtoad, upon toe Americanfirst three months; aad now It ia clear that he has not been ia toe remotest degree responsible for the wretched maaagemeat of toe company. Tbe wholetakes for hit theme toe assumption that France is too strong for Europe, aad its government too strong foring measures to keep down tbe aplrit of democracy, aad to alp in the bud any attempt toat might be aade to breathe with a little more freedom la police ridden Ger- many. To attain thte cod the police administra-, wan formally inaugurated at Birkenhead on toematter has been so dreadfully mismanaged that now ittt Augnat, aad tbe genera! impression waa highly It given oat toat there it to be an entire recon- France itself—an assumption which he dttaollBhea by tSew Katlieayt Projected--Revival of Businat—lhe Beg- ed you, at alto tbe English comment*; thereon. I haveleave tot pace where he waa bora to settle in a neigh-boring kingdom or principality, and with toe iaterferenceor the police aad tbe bureaucratic in the concerns of pri-vateindividuais. Butabovealltheyareanxioustoeffectareorganisation of the Germanic Confederacy, under toeauspices of 1'russia, In a sense favorable to the libertiesof toe people, and with guarantees against the infractionof their rights by such arbitrary violence aa has beendisplayed to Betee and Hanover. Great expectations threatened to retire fromwere entertained of tha assoctetion when it watfirstori upon. Here again toe Auttrtealiars of Oalitay, d}c..The renowned Bam Slick—now one of Old England's seoatorr— m a little pungent sarcasm touching toe pre- tensions of a certain seaport on toe river Mersey, said toepeopletherewould dowelltoremember onething— "Liverpool ain't all the world.'' It is not. I am now inbeen curtoat to examine toe effect it hat produced on the French mind, and for that purpose have thrown myself in tbe way of members of all parties.Now M. de Persigny enjoys u peculiar character la France. He is known to be a man of ardent temper, of good natural parts, though not particularly brilliant; but ha distinguishing nark to his utter devotion to tbe par- ton of Napoleon; and wbat be bat said oa toe present oc-tor action la say other part however, waa decidedly rejcapital of Ireland. Judging iron what I have teen during toe past few days, toe Gahragtans seem, if not at •sad at March bares,'to say toe very least, in a wonderful state of excitement on the •object of their mail subsidy,Are not all securities tending down, down? Read tbe pamphlets which day after day issue from Etontu's press through innumerable editions. Whether these speak of the Eastern or the Italian question, do they not one aad all declare toat the real struggle a between tae secret agencies of France and England, agencies which must ereof bis subjects, who are members of toe association, ar- The young Belgian Pretter tbe French a treaty of tnvlgnttoa, ta a nntnplatBtaii to tba wttl aaootapaay tba treaty of pornnsnt recently coaciaded; and hence tha • tb Warsaw, bto ship owners of France became to alarmed for their tto- ft, sad fret nr^ly, andraisedtoch a etomor at tte Fmn:b octpor-t.reeept'on,tbe '•unexpected applause," * a , * c , be tells them with the air of a Mawworm, or an Aminaaab Sleek, tnat he Is really "a very bumble person;" "only a poor priest," "desirous of nothing but to do good." AcA snort time since he was dismissed from toe chaplaincy of the Union Workhouse by the Town Commissioners, and he tried to get their decision reversed by appealing to"assfumwedwanXenTtirewly &newi aSspec-t,bhaws 2for tht en Tlasat ttwWo ao?r three dayt returned to itt former evU ways, tad taything more frtrte than itt appearance now cannot b i lma- glned. The earth it covered with abundance, which must inevitably perish without speedy sunshine.Tbe Prince Imperial and toe 1'r.n -ess Clotilde, bothf ion— Complication «/ Affairt^LHtturbcmoa tacam, dc,de-fter attention to dividad between tba East and toerespecting tbipptog, aad their Itebittttes underia our salens but the exptoitt of the Italiaa hero; bto per- chant tripping sad Passenger acts, wbich they baaNEWS FROM CALABRIA. voyage of eight days from Halifax. The Secretary baa higher authorities, but ne received no sympathy or re-tokened a letter stating toat she will return to New drew!. Be tried very hard to be elected Chairman of toe are the only Imperial Highnesses we have to enliven us.an expiring effort ta favor af •'protecting'' tba « trade. Alzaost afl tba ether witnesses oa ha betrayed deptorabto ignrrance, not only of?orkoatoeltthofOctober. Thatwillgiveaaopporta BoardorBarborCommissioners,sayinghewantedtoepo- It a curioustowatchthesechildren—forsuchtheyarenityforlargenumbersofAmerloaatouristsnowIn sition"todotboplacegood."TheCommltaionert,how-Europe to take passage In her oa their return home. The ever, declined to accede to MB very reasonable /wiaeat- STfUTEfitCAL MOVEMENT OF GARIBALDI. passengers who came over in her Btate that no tea sick- 1 have given more space in my letter to toil local^oetebri-both,despitethemarriedstateofooeofthem—meeting and saluting aa their respective cavalcades encounter one another lo toe Avenue de ) Imperatnce. and to think of toe future influence either may have on toe fate of tba world Already tbe little Prince practises the royal exercise of "isJutlng," and gets through tha first ast of kingcraft exceedingly well.The Empress has bestowed a handsome gold watch tad chain enclosed In an elegant case, with her arms en- graved, on the young woman Who bad the honor of pacing the thutUe in her hand at Lyons, and affording ber tbe opportunity of weaving into the silk toe letters of her own name.Tbe salaries of all tbe public functionaries through France, It a said, are to be augmented.I'ABJH, August 29, lfifiO.The Death of Mrt. General HarnegMrs. Barney, wife of General Harney, of the United StatesArmy,dad at berresidence,No.28RoedeBeiri, on Monday tost, 27th. The funeral service over ber re- mates took place at toe Church of St. Philippe, Faubourg St. Honore, with all toe solemn and imposing ceremocials of the Roman Catholic Church, of which the was t mem- ber. Among*t those who did honor to ber remains I ob-ness occurred onboard. 9m is undoubtedly, by a kmg way, thefinestpassenger ship ever built.ty than he deter vet from any merltt or dataerltt of Wt own, but in writing about Galway, to omit aoUciag Rev. Peter Daky would be a greater omission than the play ortraiU figure ia tbe windows af all ear picture dealers; our newspapers chronicle ha tucostast with uadaguaed exultation, sad area the Invalid, toe official military journal, devotee a portion of itt columns to bto biography. If be were allowed to enlist volunteers in Russia I sat persuaded he would have no difficulty ia raising half a dozen battalions, to which oar young noclesas, aad par- ticularly our young literati, who are aU republicans it their hearts, would furaatf a vary respectable coatm- gent. Wt#araharabeet4*Wtha*he wffl bt matter of the whole kingdom of Naples before tte aad of tba month (old style), aad tte telegraphic despatches record lag tad an ticipattng hto movemena a n watched with toe most eager anxiety.leagued to cendesna. Of the tows aracttag tba ship- owners' responsibility tbey had tbe most confused tad erroneous sattoaa. H a shtppteg '•tdmlaatratrve re former*'' were confuted, tf they will t a t hereefWr be si- lenced, by the reactionaries of tba Crowa, who, tteoa 18*4, have beta iaveaad with tte power, ta deal with toe interests in eoeetton. In oae word, the atettifSBt Aa anient Secretary to the Marine Department of the Board of Trade, Mr. 'Thomas B. Ferrer, Captain Salivaa aad etoer officers cetaeoted with toe departawxtta ef sha- ping, "came dowa" apaa tba unprotecte<faad, with tte inexorable lagto of Cactiproved, te their ooafustea, that tbeya total misconception of tbe exact portion of tbe Shipping interests of ttt couAry. BrUaa vessels, which, from 1838 to 1849, had »cent of too whole trade, leaving 30 par cent te be < under foreign flags, BOWen.ioy go par atat af tba trade,leaving40peroenttobe carriedoaunder IU«.». Capt;butasthe 70 percent wat only upon 11^01,177 teas, and tbe 00 per ceat upon 16,832,173 Uaa, tt to fa vain te allege that these retulat exhibit a ttrade. Again. In the fattawgar traffic, uanawhiohistress was aid by various witnesses, ta the effeo foreigaen had seized toe greater portion of tbatire buaaeat to our exclusion, it appears thai white, ta 18*3,192 000 passengers were conveyed la foreign stint, and 110X00 m British, only 44,000 wen conraved a tba former in1869,and56,00*Intoetetter.Tbe report of the nnanwirttee will, at all eveatt, renderit Impossible to ^revert tea policyof prolect,on. Thatpoint may now be dtssasd finally and Irrevocably set-tled. No doubt tbe shipowners, siree the repeal of toenavigation tews, in I860, have ^^.expartoaced rtea-sttudet. Some of them have realized1 44 fa'bulous prufta,The Inauguration of street railways took place yester-IMPORTANT FROM SYRIA dayatBirkenhead,whereMr.GoorgeFrancisTrainexhibi- "Bamlet"withthe"melancholyDane"leftout.afcec«ti«B tf One Hundred and Ei^bty Mtsleais at Bey rout.ted to a very distinguished company, of some five or six hundred perrons, the style "and manner of the Yankees in carrying on their city traffic Mr. Dargaa, of Dublin, the great railway contractor; Mr. John Laird, of Birkenhead and Liverpool, the famous shipbuilder, and Mayors and Aldermen of nearly every city and large town la toe kingdom, were present, and gave their most un- qualified testimony and cpiniois in favor of street rail- waya propelled by horse power. "Young America" in tola, aa in other matters, will undoubtedly be eminently sacorstful. He is next going to open some of toe iron hlsbways in the streets of Manchester and Birmingham.Steamship affairs are undergoing the usual change*. The Anglo Loan Brazil an line, I am sorry to say, has sentI tball have to take up the subject of tot commercial recourses of Ireland and other business natters in my next letter. Last evening there was a great dinner givea by tbe citizens of Galway to Mr. Lever and Mr. Roebuck, tbe founder and defender of the packet service to this port. Dr. Gray, of Dublin, made a capital speech,and toe speeches of Messrs. Lever tad Roebuck were kmg and loudly applauded. Mr. Lever bed never spoken or defended himself from any or the statements and accusations, however absurd—and really they were most absurd and unfounded—but last night he explained his whole course, and evidently to toe entire approbation of his audience. When it cosses to be pub- liabed I am sure be will stand higher than he ever batbefore.The weather continues at cold and stormy at ever, aadAnother Important fpeech—The Penoer of France—TheSyrian and Sicilian Imbroglio*—Effect of Queen Vic-aad landing, except ia the night. Tbe bares «itb his and partlcaiarly to their Parliamentary repre-fall of soldiers, tailed jvat north of the rack of sentative and founder of their steam line, Mr. even while the two natlona ostensibly act ta concert.' though tbey might take steps against it to their At usual, when there are si a rupture with France sptoen agami tbe Foreign Office tor not havtog ac-while toe Neapolitan ciulaoia were anchored near There, aa M. Louis de Baudicour shows, whoae brochure own dominions, were unable to prevent its la- and a return to the Austrian lance, the resignatton of compliabed tapoBBtbiUttot; but if Mr. Iindny JohnQrreULever.TheverymenwhomIrelandbaaahaareachedasecondedition,theMaroniteearethepetefuencefromspreadingovertoegreaterpartofPrinceGortchakoffteannounced"1toconfidentlyaffirmedwouldtakeoaradvice,hewillrefrainfrom The night waa dark, aad toe ever biasing right to took to to take their part In a struggle like toe Germany, seconded, at it was, by too entire liberal that Immedately after tte 'B return from Warsaw a similar coorae ta future; aad will Be mere itver cast Its lurid light oa a more barois one for their mail service—at least several of them— of l ranee, toe Druses the proteges of EnghuM, whose in- press, who supported Itt tendencies with the utmat tte Prince will be replacseda by Count Kaseloff. and the likely to succeed ia ha object by toavtng too eceae. Not oaa man waa injured. moved heaven and earth to keep the country the com- cessant dread and jealousy or France He at the bottom ardor. The committee of the association, expelled from vacant embassy in Paris bestowed on Count Kreptovitch, matter la the hands of tha more competent' DtiweUybackofBegglothegroundriaetupfnujtaer.es mercial nonentity that it has so long been, simply because afbifle,aadsrsataairyintomoontolna;notquiteaasud- alltoedirectadvantageacouldnotbepouredintotheiratory as toe raw of aOOO feet direcUy back of Measina, own pxketa. Lord Meateagle, who owns a little farm aa toe SidUaa aide; bat by going back a few miles too down oa toe Shannon, at a place called Foynes, set up bit piece of river water at a packet station, and because heof al that haa happeatd. England, It a declared by her the free city (!) of Frankfort, met regularly, sometimes who waa envoy in London tori a short Uaa after tte advaert of toe Crown, who a n coawtttattonaUy invested at Erfurt, in Prussia, sometimes at Eisenach, la toe grand Oriental war. Tba totter appointment would be a wltb the exclusive power of initiating tad coaciodisg Couaute,liraexcitedtheDrusesagainsttoeMaronitee. duchyofSaxeWeimer,oratGother,toeresidenceoftoe triumphoftheGermanparty,atfitacalledfromttttyna- tntatoa. TheEmperoroftteFrench,weancoav-oced, who are by far toe purest Christiana, with a view to pro- Duke of Saxe Coburg, toe only prince who had declared pathy with the German principle* of legitimacy aad rtofat to quite prepared te consider aay well grounded argifit by toe quarrel. Tbe violent massacre that hat ensued openly in its favor, and the Pruttan police, though ready divine. Tbe Count being a soa-jin lew of toe ex-Chancel- amass for a snore liberal treaty of navigation Uaa aob was ot'course not foreseen, but the beginning of tha enough to co operate with their c^Ueagues ia Hanover, lor Nestelrode, sad having been formerly for aaay yean ttott at ratteat; sad by judicious negotatons, at toe pro•A not so precipitoua but that it is cultivated, i a fertile aad picturesque sceae of vineyards, , oliTe groves, flgs aad fruit gardens. I remem-Hesse, Saxony, ic., were nM allowed to molest it. Even ambassador at Naples, be nay be tappoted to entertain a per time, be may flndhimseif placed in a pee:t*« to a- could not get It transformed into a Liverpool or a South- evil is to be traced solely to her. France haa, however, tbe annual Police Congress wat declined by the Pronsan strong feeling ia favor of aa Austro Neapolitan poHcy. cede to toe general wteh on this aide. BehnmacydifBampton for hit profit, ha did all he possibly could to kill toe Galway project. From a personal Inspection of Foynes, I should tay it bad about the tame pretensions to rivalnot»ot berfooton tbe toil "et elley frra son devoir." Again, turn t > Italy, where everything sterns to prog- nosticate a hpctdy conquest for Garibaldi and the night ofgovernment at unnecessary la the present state of Ger many, and for a moment there was some danger that this exquisite institution would fall Into disuetode aad be consigned to the tomb of ail the HinckeJdeys. The meetingPrince Gortchtkoff'a friends, however, deny strenuouslv toat there is any idea of ha retirement from'office, aad I am not inclined to attach any treat credit to It myself Between being oa more amicable terms with Austria aadcalttot to ovsrootne, for tte French ship owners are j-nt aa much wedded to their protectionist prtectpata as the tame irritable clan ee our side of toe Channel, but we here more confidence la toe tarotV fain of tte crowned<B" _-"" ''" "* * * *® * »*. U»ey are eaUad Jiu- r.v t, widiout going to Dublin; and one is also projected appiove of, but be wi.bee the Emperor'a disinterestedness a penal offence to take part in them. In toe meantime iti lie opinion at naught; but things have changed sincebytnjacUlaagutototoettnmlTtoMrfiof hatory.at a aariadof oaa or two thousandgrand i/.ement of any memoer of hte Jtmirr. if ties of the different States, and toe old tows against politi- might make it dangerous even for aa autocrat to disre- ' eventually Naples should deaire to pace a Marat oa too cal meetings strictly enforced, for tba present these gard toe feelings of toe nation.throne, why then the would have toe advantage of toe proposato have been negatived by Prussia, and those By tote advices from the Caucasus we learn that there French alliance. The meaning being, of coarse, that if governments who are accustomed to follow te her wake. hare been datarbancet again ia tte Tcberala, wherewith Limerick, Cork, Watcrford and the south of Ire-land. The Midland Great Western Railway to Dublin waa i "rem now, will read toe campaign of a Hannibal of opened in 1881. f took a trip over it toe week it was MasaaseteoatocenturyoftheCbriaUaaera,which,inpa- completed,andmadeatongjourneythroughConnemara, aad tf net ia toe nambaraf anaa and the the Joyce country, and toe valley of the Shan-i experienced by tbe founder* a' "ler Washington aad bin army , aad the country was groaning Una aad tbe poverty af a long toe cifcumstances NeapclltoD pot-pie will abort straggle, bat the toe Italians of Uborty, and the iteUigent character of l i e people J ? • ^-l*- F>«waaf kmg uphill vork to bring themantoapoaJtomtoapiraiateaese*utatieB»4go^ vtoterltoaaaal, Cawaar and Garibaldi, let us hope, are oa.a*I to the tank. Sow a ewtouaqaaatlon rrmrsiiVin ro#iheJeatayvifr.(n?andtheBoeMgna. frVantoi far s j.iy, Garileldi will probably proceed at ericeW th* 1 turnery, and it Mas* anttetpatot ton* toe Ivaach mterpoae any obstacle, or aat at ail oat af Borne1ore, a oa toe baak* of Laka Cone, H* waaSrd"a'b^LtUrrtng sgdrtt aad his woadsrfal oratory hire been idle tfeat no wonder belasgatebe at the of action. Tha prwnecta of a gaairal EuropeanIr*,*' *"/ steamers on toe fresh water lake (Lough 2 r 2 5 f *° * P**<* "died Cong, thirty miles north, createNice was welcomed, and the magnificent pitoVworkt haMajraly bas decreed cannot Jail to secure hia^opuiaritv isfied, at well they might, for it contains a tacit recesses of toe mountains, aad toe Count repirts that atf ls a t r a j ' t o a ^ c o v ^ t o o l f w ? I T * " ' " ? £tthe *% o.gsns suppress any expression of resentrneat but th«on their rredtctsaoranr «.» • * » * * • • shade improved more lrdepenoent ones are less guarded. Wbaa'toeJK-S! actual Mate of Europe—when ktegt and kaisers are likely • The government of Orenburg, vacated by tte demiseE l a t < Talunsouthwardly to Ennte, which will give a direct connection^ to be visible before ail in not seeking tte personal ar movemena were to be closely watched by tbe authori- then, and there a a spirit abroad In Roaste just now thatcomparison with toe former period, I think there is amarked Improvement. There are more strangers here,and there ia evtdenUy far more business done. Theouetta steamers arriving and departing every week to andu>g tbe suspicion long engrafted on the public pat- I raxci—that a Eoropean war can alone cat mad of which waa tied by the treaties or 1815. toe knotThe enthusiastic reefption bestowed 'andEmpress at Chambery is everywhere quoted S r o v o•he unaaimitywith which toe a a M x s t i ^ ^ " . * ^they should show any such intention, or commence an agitation for the reconstruction of the Federal Union and the erection of a national Pariamant, it would be the duty of the governments to set their facet against It,- and to adopt measures for toe preservation or order tad tran- quillity, la which they were all equally interested. With tbis admission toe snli national party bad to remain sat-among tte mountaineers; some of tte villages took up Lindaay will only be required to contribute rtiet sag si arms; a few stray tYatacks were murdered, and festtaagat saceand advice as hte practical experience at * iargefromLiverpool,andevery two weekstoAmerica,anda 4were pent round to tte tribes sailing upon them to join with their co-reHgtonteta In throwing off the yoke of toe Moskoff. The energetic measures token by .Count Endo- kimcO have crushed tte insurrection In ite birth: tbe in- surgents have either submitted or fled Into tte innermosttbtpowaer maybe expected to yield. Spec*! u. •.«,«• of tte kind snggeated by our contenuxirary seldom prr> doc* useful reeulta. The mere fact of toe s?r>va;e empayment of Mr.Lindaay wouM put toe membersof1< American shipping interest upon their gxarc-- ta-y wocW say that tte <tuestton was one of profit aad aivanutet, aad they would continue tohoid the opteion that u>e in. porary benefitsderived.froni an'exslusive coast r,- trade are far more valuable than tbe chance of eveatt.aily rtap lag gam from that system of reciprocity towci*b ::t•a active tmrw- *.*.* .... . ,flL•a^aoti^e traffic, aad set a large amount of money in cirpresent tranquility te completely restored; but it is to beexpected that such outbreaks will recur front time totime before tte Caucasus settles down quietly under aregular government. It ta not Improbable toat thesetroubles are connerted wUh^the ttstrwtattaos wbich bas"order and tranquility," and from this discovery there « seised upon the Mahomedan mind throughout Asia, and tond;. by the repeal of her navigation a # s , bas lev w f i wter^ben£525U\<rfiWw»'« lhe* d e w "d*MichaP-These will serve aa a hint to Belgium wbVberinTM cornea to become a French froniar. ^ Mr t u r nIbe (fceaa of Sagaad's speech, la la ailutjto to <*avov and Nice and the importance orttoaervln,- t&ireatiaVof 1815, bas not been well received hero. fergajvernSeniacknowledgment toat Prussia ceases to encourage or to approve of tbe object for which toe association waa really founded. Starting from the above proposition it will not be difficult to infer that the existence of the aa?i cation itself is incompatible with toe maintenance of1tocre t s a a l f r h i S J ! " * ! ' « " • iocHned to think toatpeepto of .America. But.>cr contemporary rarti>?r x.'orsjr tbe public that Mr. Lindaay a to aefcr.ete •• <* •he subject of beIHgerent right* at aea. and for a more «*hedoesnottoeprobabilityteshewillnothavethetame 8u h M d oni BadeDadvantage. Then again will be another field of conten- . v . J^ !* r"'tion for France and England, go, altogether 1 believe I it being urged toat the National Association bat aot hito-everythingbadbeenquietsincetoecaptureofSohasny1. popular la America, tad reciprocity a a eo;ir:ae which, except ia reference to Canada, toe fe-It seems a rumor had been spread toat tliclmaum had ee deral government bat ever repudiated. We are;Oar Berlin Correaponttence. Bttxa, August 29, I860.ThBbtorn!t W j f _ Since,•*BBa"*|<~arK|srt#ima to Lyon, Cbr.avbe'.ry, ;*voy u the unfailing indie»',ionB of an enterprising P*001*; stood by the tottering King could not do so with toe hope after that event, a series of persecutions wasco-'*"""• * onnSonS tinar*" ««* * • « sombrero * * * ! *»* » very la«<iabie imdertehtaf, * .-^ w-.,.,tatfiftastvlthemselves so assiduously la tbe' ****£' *•** •" •""Theee little traits of character ar* wtjrtt «**§» teal retanee had given way. Taete who would hare UOB that tet in with the counter revolution of 1M9and 1 barb »•pect to bnear thati Louie Napoleon >jtm, dropped la and when the energies, of the GaJwegtena are dtrectooVLa more te certain Information waa expected to-night, but tootnewritereof contemporari fl«v6Ty, and particularly for Among U» "upper ten" Galway has aH toe charactor-the acton; aid wttto we. am tta*«e, preaant quite a Ittkaof % country vUtoge-full of coteries, jsaloattot, tbe murderers to be banged at IMmatcut, one hindredcrown, who, » "«J*TM* ! 0 ^ ^ T a a d naorlaewre selves more sobrervwat »°„»^"^.._^. nnm o^ r e r ye1£ 5 STftt whSu^lnSSSofjuratameat. .wSsVtiW.wa bear toat oa toe Sad Faad Pacha ordered seventy^ofrelieved from a state ofred during a protracted period. Judgment]Tbe with of Garibaldi, about whom to inaay •trtagepriest-one Rev. Peter Daley. While proietalng to be a reports have been circulated, a now at H^Mltto^tatead- wltb qoltoa subject will undoubtedly be referred trading and prateegtoaltttUpawaanaadeMat now deprived of their natural guardians, aa PrinceWest, betweta the tufferlagt of our Cbrtetaa brethren laTurkey aad tbe Military operations of tba beta GaribaldLAlthough toe former appeal snore direcUy to oar reUgiousand national sympathies at the present moment, people iageneraldocertainly exhibitamorelivelyiatereatiatbe tetter.WeartallGaribaldiaaad;nothingtetalkedof ownimmediateinterest*,butofthelawandreapoleon, as well as the Emperor and Empress, are away, Storia's Speech in France— Reported Flight of the KingThe Police System in Germany—PoUce Oongrm at Stutt-of Xaples—Movements of Garibaldi—The Weather, <Cc. over ber ton te very fjeat. gart—The Unity of Germany—The Effect of the Late Im-To toe two speechat^the one from the Emperor, toe other from M. do Pertigny, with which at too present moment all Europe is ringing, a third haa now been added by M do la Gueronniere, whose status ss a political writerproceedings in Galway, where tbe town gave a spieuaidbauqui t to uVrsrs Lever and Roebuck on the occasioa oftheir late visit. The welcome to Mr. Lever was describedss t perfect ovation of the moot enthusiastic and cordialdescription. The speech be delivered at the banqnet, andalso l|be speech of Dr. Gray, of tbe Dublin Pitxmzn s attached to toe imperial councils entitles him to almost product of tbe system that led to, and a to beMr. Geo. F. Train, the promoter of the enter- struction of toe board and of its officers. Nothing less tissue of truisms aad a mast of unmeaning verbiage. tions of the various States formed a tort of mutual at-ancient alliance, he observed the st idied neutrality dur- ing toe Crimean war, aad even i tent to far aa to forbid h a tobjecta to subscribe to a Ru aiaa loan that wat issued at that time: but perhaps tha nay bt txettad by toe difficulties of ha position sad i be tmvr ot offending tte Western Powers, who would ba< e been too glad of a pre- text for pk-king a quarrel with 1 itet if be had shown any leaning towards Russia.prwe. gave a grand lianquet at Birkenhead in honor of the I, aad delivered a characteriatks goaheadspeech. Tram a edorto to uttroduoa toe system in 1/wdoo.Manchester aad eawwhere, were meeting withwill give toe company toe slightest chine* to obtaia toe regard and confidence of the Irish iieople, with whom lies toemainsupportoftoeItne.It has transpired in the examination before toe Paoket Committee of the Boose of Commons that Mr. Lever re- fused the oSer of the Canadian Company hut September totelltbecontractwhenbeheldso largeaproportionof its then issued shares: that he could have pocketedFrance hat strengthened hertelf by the annexation of Savoy and Nice; aad it England to twit bar with this, whose annexations la India nave been incessant, and who hat a sentinel placed la every port of toe ocean? Prussia, Austria and Russia have all had their annexations, and tballlurance company, by which etch of them becameas it were a ring in tbe great chain of despotism, and asystem of espionage waa eatablished that extended ittramifications all over the country, and perverted tbeoriginal functions of toe police from an inatitcton det-uned for the protection of life and property into an engine of political oppression. Tbe chief object of their de-liberations thte year consisted in devising some meantto put a atop to the activity or tbe NationalVerein, a national attociatim, which baa latelybeen toe great bugbear or the reactionary govern-menta. You are aware that tola assoc'ation sprang uplast summer during toe excitement occasioned by theItaliaa war, and a composed of delegates fromdifferent para of Germany, membert of toeState Legislatures, savants, and men who took not appear to be toe case. The policy of Napoleon ITLexcites considerable distrust. aa I there a a strong suspi- cion toat he only wants to maki i a oatapaw of Rotate in order to frighten the British ct bluet tato aoeaiving t t plans which tony have heretofore opposed. Tba com,net of M. de fbouvenel at toe confer mcea in Parte gives some color to tha suspicion. It will be recollected toat our am- bassador, Count Kteseloff, propoi sd that in the tame mannot France accept—for she did not seize them—litUe Sa- 9m LoBdoa It -a, la a leader on the subject of Mr. £150.000 clear profit hhmeif. Thia he refused to do, at It voy and Nicer As for toe government being too strongTba feeling on toe par: of oui court a attended, tadperbaps strengthened, by an inc roastd coolness ta our r etattoos with France. It might have been thought toat Tbe only ingenious proposal which Mr. George FredaLtodaay's mtaaion to America relative to shipping mat would have injured Galway by changing her commercialtans, rajaea an objection to the appointment, and takes ex connection from the United Statee to Canada. for France, If by this it implied Its restrictions upon toetbe ardor with which the Freaej i government took up the Eastern question would have been exceedingly grati lying to Russia, and we-perceive that ta tte Wast oi Europe, and especially in gngl tad. it a generally be- lieved that a perfect understand tog baa been arrived at on tote point between toe Cabineu of Para tad St. Pe- tersburg; but from what has t anspired here tha doesessjafcm generally to the policy of taking the business of •heaosntryoutofUsekandaof theresp^naibleministers sdtoreigneonrta aad placing it in the hands of novices, warn purchase, by serving toe country for aothing. a moatThere is a large number of toe people of G i way who press, It It not to much the action of toe governmentperial Conferences, etc.A Congress in a small way Las just come oti at Stuttgart, which, though lest noticed Uaa toe royal^meotlag at Toplltz, a not quite unconnected with It, beingQUaot agovernment and other grievances. They wteh to do away with toe many restrictions still to force with regard to locomotion from one German State Into another, with tbeprotect the Christmas in toat country, otter Powersshould be at liberty to interft re in toe Northern pro-vinces of European. Turkey, ifthe state of thmga theretbrnldreadersuchaainterveattoanecessary.Thehavingcolonialpnancesionstoreciprocatevrtrjadvantage- propose! of Count KtesetoC'was supported by toe Austrian to our navigation. No administration, whether conser-caslon a believed to be perfectly sincere, aad toe real tragedy—toebeatsceneintbeperformancewouldwayHotei,attachedtotbestation,andthepropertyofechoofNapoleon'smindaaImpartedtoPersigny.Isandinsteadoftakingpromptaadenergeticaction,toeiaeirtotheaffairsofSyria,witboutdectlearingeitherfororhbertyofnavwatioatotheFrenchcolonies,andtneoUt%• to send the Washington. or some other steamer. alter toe company. It it built of cut granite, and resembles there, then, to be aa end of war tad war's tjtrmar I ammembers bare been creaming away their time ia that against intervention in nay otl quarter. nate policy oTSpain and Portugal, wefindno »al;d preofe state of semi somnolency to secular to German politi- From tte attitude of Austria tha occasion it a clear of permanent bxjury to our maritime interna, osoethe fjtromboli aad capture her, specie, courtiers, king-Itog (you know n young duck is called duckling) and alLat ne could be brought bee* and tried far deserting histoe Asior House, but it lest than half the size. It fronts oa a small park, or public square of five or six acres, hi toe centre of the town, but from which too unwashed crowd are excluded—neighboring householders onlywhich tJcoearaversslofpollcycouMbedefoLded.The committee have vented a good leal of indigaatae against tbe Foreign Office for not having taken • defies: filled tbe kings aad princes with fear and trembling,,and cession in the Eastern qoastl for the take of placing steps" to extort by diplomatic action, mat foreignBtogdasa, sftor having outraged all laws, human and d;.wane, aad then token to Ptxao Had hanged oa toe vary holding talismanic keys of admission. Galway it un-of its outer garb, means simply that France, baring as- sumed au eminent position, wishes to bo 1st alone and be suffered to cultivate toe arta of peace, while toe proper consequences of toat position gradually work themselves out; bat if she to not let alone, however indirectly, aba a ready to break down upon toe world like aait leem a shade brighter to-day than yesterday territory a about half toe size of Connecticut, bad some of medlstor betweenafraid men la France do not so read tba signs of toetimes. They say toe language of M. Persigny, stripped turous te theory. Nevertheless, its very exist once bas that ot Vienna are aot withouour Cabinet tad We are incians, who are aa timid In practice aa they are adven- that the rumors of an entente formed that Austria a readyevery possible coa-visions ofa national convention, elected by toe people, tot- fcemrf on a better rooting with ting aside toe Diet, as in 1848, and calling a federal faction occasioned by toe ", tad the rtatttte-whicb.it waa tte object of toe reciprocitv ctoutn to secure m the toat resort The pax troth te, that tbe Bouse of Commons, at tbateatigatioaot• , will quite equal the exptoite o non. Killarney, te. Looking at toe streets, ahops, am perfecUy justified in telling you that the three pa?nc erto been guilty of any overt act that coold be construed oaped from durance, and was about to raise once more inclined to believe, if aagottotioojj a n to be comn^mcedtoo great African campaigner,war bald, has now got toe snast aimeult part af hlahas—the actual capture of toe place, the of toe rabble on both sides from pUlage andtoe ergaauaUoa of a nra We ail knew Usdocks, wharves and people of Galway now, in speeches, which have toe importance of gaanlfastoos into an attack upon toe political inatitutions of Germany tbe standard or the Prophet aad proclaim a holy war that tte task or conducting them will be entriatel to toe- Weimar and Coburghave aa yet produced no very sensible effect btdisniDat '*. b y tow wu*ltohed; bnt it waa admitted that to a a e agaiast tte tefidea. Tha had caused great excitement hands of the British Minteter, Lord Lyons, and tea Mr.but a short step to ita final dissolution. Whether to too of which tbe massacres in Syria are one of toe reautte. tayt:-"To recall, with so much sotemnity, tta treatafrf to stand so greatly in need of toe confidence aad affections of tien. Katenla, haa been oooferred upon Gen. Bezak,founded aight irreaur Vu£S^l LN»P1«.Md»can- 1815, andtopresent tbesituattoat aa aaalo»at^oto» oitheirpeople-iiiswise to deny themanyprospectof commander of toe fifth corpsoVarmee. Geo.BezaKtsa tififactoryaJjusim'-ntof toe lawofoaehcountryinrelewW C n I w - h e r e in 11*1, mysetf and frrtadT" • .. .. *one of that year, seems to be a pace ot irony Thankdistinguished officer of artillery, and served with credit a rencetocollisions." On the latter point we have iule v peace fill reform, and leave them so hope of bettering their tte Polteh campaign, under toe late Marshal Pt#kevitch• tay, first, becauae the question of (tamage hat bate caresundry hotels and lodging houses' *»-!? »*?ttin* nP •*btaven! we are no longer at tba period of Owrrerarwa"a -dan of thieves." C V ^ ^ f t S B d ^ « y literally it knoas palpaaly well it addresses a section of the Iranch forma of goveinmeni, a quite another question, and wdi bnt it a doubted whether be haa toe adminatratlve ! fully considered by toe commission of which Ur LA>imjB 1 B l broken open and aoney stolen, and t h T 2 ^ Sw c r e" ^party back, and evidenUy eonaidereaibev^fSi .** p n > U nenpeople whoso aaaae a legion, and tons at anaa tteeatlvea tbe statement of Count de Persigny wben ne aaya that the Freuch are intent upon nothing so much as peacetalents required for the important poet to which be ha* , waa a member; and, secondly, bccoo<ie it must be tn« c been appointed, and which were displayed te ao eminent i terest of tte mercbana of the two or untr.ee to be s,~-e- a degree by bla predecessor. toe risk and expense of a dotbl» lltlgat'ea m toe C-TIFf saotsa aetagaooused.m twrnraloW £ £ £ L w h oprobably be decided at no very dtetant period. TheGermans are a marvellously docile aad good naturedrace, and too apt to be led astray by foteirordVand oroa t e s thai are forgotten when toe line tf^aaaafTM pastbut the experience tney have had of lateiust bare'opened their eyes a little,aad lam InclinedjT,saaaant according to which our Ambassador, Gen. Ignaticff has I Ions position. The declaratkn annexed to tne Treaty t,'.titled to our good will, and even gratitotl 2L J* 0 - Taere is aot u public man to France who does aot tnhaof England and America. But the other question—tua:«••• The Siberian mail brings us intelligence from Pekin, ! maritime warfare—stands to a very curious and aio-taand haa dtonaaared with marvelC ce&ty"^',* "! heart know that the fact te quite tbe contrary. { do not of mine, who has several times rt>i^ itlrJzi-. A ""'end meai to ray, said a Prince la my hatrwc, thetimes vaitod Galwav'^r^r^* inheritor of t name memorable by its connection aat an years,assarts me toat on every occatt^h! "* with Charles the Tentb, that mere gtorp haa toethat at tb» r.*xt cri.is their rulers wiU And tbem^e" wide awake than will be quite agreeable " * " m 0 r eA Congress of a more harmless nature Uaa tte nreoed- teg it new tilt ag in tote capital. I ajtoaelo. a , E e 3 ftoft for reitaag, where h-s was to embark on board a Rus- Itra.of 1*60, ena:a, aa p>rtlon of tbe publw aw «'sian man-of-war that was waiting to receive him, Tbe Iarope.Uia: '• privateering te, andremt^rn',aboi^shed/deaireof revenge for the pact—:et tbempertr or beUntitled Documentcondition except by tbe entire subversion of the exatinaingly well MB itt course wat vitiatGed bTtl^w Soona, which the cogalaaace ° < ^ ^ » £ Z ^ iEnOituiam forleon'tPolicyDittrvMa*taAasta-I»sATfesbrtiwwet- committeetatfortwentyfroaaya. TbeeBtetfMaAmbassador; but Ijord Cowley vehemently, and after a good t teg the French Minister gave tend. Tbe British ptoaipotentl separate ctonse abould be Conference, expressly stipalati France In Syria ahould notttof hemming and haw- vote ia favor of Eag- then suggested that a ia tte minutes of ttethat tte intervention ef at a precedent for rimi- Ottoman empire. this, r Count Kteseloff, who renoo if tt wat unstated epreesatatrre tided with that the subject abouldvative or liberal, baa veatured to propose tost the retalia- tory clauses to toe Act of 1849, wbich haveramateeddor- aaant sad inoperative, should be put ia force. In like manner ao practical solution of tte difficulty caused by our own liberal legaiatioa bat presented iteeif to too minds of any of toe witnessesTbeexdusionoftoenea-reciprocaUagl^merafremour coasting trade would ban ao practical coeroive effect. The Americans b a n ao colonies. It to true toey cbur ltebly.oT "shabbily," exclude us from their eoastxf. trade between tbe Atlantic and tba Pacific porta, wtacb tbey persist in regarding at a coasting trade. But, InGaribcMi Among the People afMusn*-appointed chairman, Mr. HorafaU generally occoW tbahere from Nice a few weeks since, and whose influenceDeeply imbued with tte high conservative notions of bar tote husbaad, she haa besides a personal friendship for the royal family ofNaples, by whom tte most flattering aad recherche atten- tion! were lavished on her during her residence in Italy tad Sicily, aad whose distressed condition therefore ex-cites her liveliest sympathy. Tl mdefunct King of Naples,too. a said to have written an ifleetingletter to tte Em-peror Just before bto death, rem nding him of tte ancientalliance subsltUag between tb» two dynasties, aad re-eoBunendiag ate successor to Ibe protection of tot mag-nanimous Alexander. To be iiure, tte King did aotthink it advisable to mention to it, aotwltbataadtog tbarick Young can suggest in hte last agony, to remedy a state of things which, a fact, a peastug away with toe present pre** demand for shipping to import suppi«t of grain, and to meet tbe reqatremants for tonnage to tadte and China, te once more to build a wall of bran raced our cotoatot, and to revive a monopoly x the earrrar trade to aad from toe vast British pnawi'iaa a quarter of the globe. This moat cbtenerica! projectparliament to replace it, rise, up before their terrified made our government more woptica. The more insignificant these principles are, tbe turet. it is possible that toe ival af tba Count of Mr. W. 8. IJadaay, the sxtlpowner, bad tatorstetiUsdna more they are alarmed for the safety of their trumpery Flanders, second son to the K of tbe Belgians, ta St. necessarily with the undoubted fuaettons of tte eie-„-Petersburg, to connected wit these negottettoaa, aa tive;and some rath partiea,moreover, had urged toeadep crowns. Thus the Grand Duke of Hesse Darmstadt, whose King Leopold haa freqoenUy lasstted ia tte character uon of "decided step*" to obtain from the Emperor efrested and tried for high treason. But at nothing defi- nite could be proved against them, toe Court wat obliged to acquit these disturbers of toe grand ducal peace of mind, adding, however, like the Irish jury, that they had better not do to any more.Emperor to Moscow tadMajesty will meet tte Pruttteait is said, he will proceed towith tte leading sovereigns Garaaiay aad.parbaja. question. Ia point of fact, by a well intended but illnot discouraged, by Prussia, the other governments, imagine, impose sa latuperab! barrier to such a union. tar. Of course, oar British ship ownert real toelrthe King of Napk s. Tae government paper! already be-E aa old stone bridge, of a smgie arch, that had Galway toat Cape May, or Long Branch, has to set up aa gin toroundthe alarm. After toe capture of Naples, it of tbe Prince Regent with toe four kings at Ba- a regular alliance with that power, there a aa rmrawisn statesman, in dealing with the pecnllarittes or pre.; !•«*-issaid,wbatthen,tetheItalianquestionsolved:FarfromdenBaden,andtoenegotiationsthatpreparedgulfwhichitaaottoeasytobridgeover.'Ifofhisowncountrymen,thanIntoeefficacyofaay•decaahatoatial repaire ia msdera times, and a Latin opposition to New York. There ia not at presentsaUy reatored—in which appeared the quite that great difference in the comparative it. The King of Sardinia most now tome fbrward and the ill omened titdtite at TopHta, have completely tte Auttrant should be involed ta anothersize of the two placet; but Galway has a splendid bar state plainly wbat it Is be does mean, aad torn It will be changed the aspect of affairs, aad one of the first fruits war with France, it to very potaslbto that our lotBeaaftel. thia bridge waa thrown over one or fur France to make her voice heard. of the renewed friendship with Austria and her satellites government will observe a friendly neutrality, and even taata tomato so common la too moc atainocs bor, an extensive railway connection, two lines of ocean Meanwhile, In the very niche of time we have a letter waa the content of Frusta to attend the Stuttgart Police assist them with—its good wishes for toe victory of iof Sicdy aad Calabria, aad which, if they are steamers, and 25,C00 people, and can be a great commer- signed Lucien Mural, full of dark insinuation* and patri Congress. Oi course tbe proceedings of tha precious as- monarchy over revolution, aad tte restoration of ttedadrtaps^'which might be prompted by theraetnettof interested Britah shipowners.The Shipping Gatette haa recently stated t&at Mr. U - * £ * • * ! £ • • •?•* "tbnrued to proceed to Wastingwn to Place before the American Cabinet aad theSoaaie -the views C ber Majesty's government with rafaraauu to tot existing navigation laws of tte States, aad ihc.ref.e~: upon our maritime ootaneros, tad to eater usca negetia ttota tor tte opening of tte American ooatttag trade t Britah shipping." Assuming toat tha .aorta -1 «. i- correct, we nave only to observe tha; Mr. W. S. i-nd-av baa before him a very difficult and delicate msssW Tba principal of free trade have never Macit streams, go by the aaaae of jiume, but if tor- , toat cary appear at certain seasons, when toe snowcial place, while Foynes is just no place at all, and must always remain so. There it a direct railway to Dublin, and within a year there will be one opened direct to Belotto abnegaiioaa. The writer addresses bit adherents thiough toe press—he says, lest by Immediately reply- ing to them, be should run toe risk of compromising them. Th.ro are many things to progress be diet notsembly have been kept aa secret at possible but it a aot denied that at least one government (Hanover) proposed that all further meetings or tba Verein should be prohi- bited by a decree or toe Diet, and that it should be madelegitimate princes; but any active co operation with them for tte purpose would be to unpopular here among all classes, the army included, toat Alexander IL a aot likely to attempt it. Ha father could venture to ast pub->> < ,B toieaare. 1 give them to yen as pronounced to meto have sa intervk wthat the Emperor found it impossible to antertato toeshipowners at tte outpsrts, having brooded far yea* over their real or fancied grievance*, aad prated by «*. acting Chaniben of Commerce and astrtoe Boards, caan up te London te poor out their tflUatotti, We have read their evidence very carefully, and we must trow at eace thattbeydidnotfigureto advantagebttheinquirywbafb theyhadprovoked. Theirdoughtychampion,Mr.«J Frederick Young, we admit, fought valiantly, aadwhilst others have incurred heavyproperty te particularly exposed. It teens, however, upon a review of tte whole case, that although toe owners of low catted sailing snips softer ia the raw of competition withforeigners,and eapecalty wi JaBritish steamships, tte ownen of tbe totter ctoss carry on a veryareas sad thriving business Instead of being swept tba ocean by the Americana, who, it a admitted,, toe advantage ia sailing ships, we oa tba band, far auratat those formidable rrralt ta - ~ ~ ~ n ; aad fa thf face of vartoue alleged labiUUtaand restrictions, our enterprising steatathipowaon have in fact, driven toe Collins line of packeta from tbe posi- tion tbey to proud y occupied since tbe origiaai estabTatv mentof toote fanaont liners: aad we been aoqoirod a larger proportion of tbe paaaenger trade in every part tf the gtobe toan we have ever enjoyed. Instead of bej* mlppaated by tte tow priced ships of ttt Swedes erltotv wegans.MtoefeenortbeProtecttoaiBttprocnc^ specutotora from those countries actually rapewr te our aarkttt to buy Englteh built ships; aad whatever de- pression or deprecation aay ban taken pbae tefBrttah shipping since 18*0, tbareportbefore at shows t»mt those changes a n traceable to over production JJL shipping. both in English and In foreign countries, aoi topabtloaT snd commercial evena over which Parilameat bat aa more control than tte shipowners toemaetves, to whxm their an m<ripn.sr«;ifcier w ,tad toeu£btH.«dbad t a feat stolen Looking at toe ^ 1 * ^ ^ ° * £ fascination It once had la France but depend upon it, theFulton Ne 13069Frglitb and French iquaovine had arrived at the mouth of toe Pei he, aad the Cel4stteJe were trapar'ng te defer, i thetfjHts tc the last egirararty bu tre I,ti> «a£j-i;r<»Ibe only grnt atai itimo Power wbich las deolined to cot, tent to tok condition te rereiblioan Aner^a b^t toe ro- rota bas b-wt cocpieo w.tb a savisg cltiae wnxi Mprrtitaff tot 0*1. tare lave stock xgbad hate (ibewTThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th StreetSw Yorkwww.fultonhistory.com 