 of tiePartnerPoiitTHE NEALD.rr WHOLE NO. 8742.NEWS FROM EUROPE.MORNING EDITION-WEDNESDAY, AUGUST 15, 1860.PRICE TWO CENTS.THE PBINCEOFWALES.Arrival and RceeptUn Its H«sr BrunswickOCB MBWBBUKSWICB COBBBOrOVMNCE. Fsaannesas, H. B., Ang;j*t 7,1Sot)71s Keling of the People to Retard to me Vint of theSocial JPomm end-aigls-Saiea attrmameats and net by the pretosaions, even t b e inteat*ne of France, mat w e measure our mUitary and navalstrength. LetPrancedisarm,andtheeflfectwouldimme- paying fw a krgsefte waich toe man tad sa- diately be fait in the pacific tendencies of every eapttal inEurope; bit so long as she continues her present state ofpreparation the imposes on her ceighbors the absoluteMcessity o f maintaining a correspond ing force: and wetreat we give ne oflknoe t e any one by expret4.ng our returnedabout,IeoQjess to yon,by tat strange ha- 1st foa*jpi n t n lud Diaajm tad Edinbnrg at Tali Part.while the three last comers went away without pur- chasing anything, aod> the first three, l^MV.yi aBS' dialenta to which !1 listen -here— n*CampaignSpeechof (laughter)—batIbelievei speakaccuratelyifIsay 1havebeen "downEast Ibring-you theassurance from that quarter that the whole Fast is commg up to this conflict with the resolution, the determination and the confidence e f victory. {(Applause.) 1 sboaW n o tTWO UTS LaTEB 1161 EUBOPL solution to mamtaia it.Tbe Undon Herald remarks, if aflair a are complicated,Tile Irreprefsifcle Conflict More Boldlv Proclaimed.allude to my own State if it'were n o t that some demo crats 1 hateheard make strong claims upon the popular voteintheStateofSewYork. IBarenetcltenbeen mistakes, a a d 1 therefore venture to correct these r e - marks of etn*i^-(hjcb^«»^ wr^ise ,-hy saying to yon what 3 test tolbeTefffikasa bf Maine,Lorn of the Humorout— Acquaint- fhuSrnu—III SIWUIC0SIEMTMW«G]fEDATPUIS.Addtttaaland If mtatrott h i s been excited everywhere since tbe war la Swirj, it m tbe 1r*-nch Emperor, and he alone, who is reaponsibl« for the d.fficalty and suspicloa. But If peace is his greet object, he will meet w.th no obstacles from any English government. I t i s only the sense o f danger and of inadequate defence that has arotaed Eng- lishmen.TBB 1FFBCT ON THB MOKBT MaRIBff. [Frtm the Daily Newt' City Article, August L IA considerable effect has been procured in stock ex- bees cendemnet at London. Tbe tw o in tbe bands change to day by the publication of the remarkable let ver of French Justice—the woman Nathan and the man ( the Emperor Napuleon to tbe Count dc lersigny. arrested at Lyons—were on Friday brought to trial*toMme tint it wss modefBte enough totDetail, ofat Damascus.SpeechesefGov.Banks,CharlesFrancis Adams aid Senator Wilson.but that they ha I tome aueaSisest about the «ta*e of New York—that they might set down their majority in Maine at their ownfigure,and then multiply it by four, ami they would approximate tin majority m tbe State of New York.; (I*TM* cheers'aid cifle* of "Good '») But I haveth e ManureTV Wefttter io Ei^Uid CifiaveraMe There is a strong deposition to believe that tbe profes- before the Court of Assizes. The man represented himselfice.,we.name cf Allen, be baa been known by those of Edmunds, BrandsandStuart. BothFontanaandhisnephew,whowasSpeeches Of Governor Baasut. enmries FJrswwas Ailanas s a t Senator W Uaoudemocrat ft a man who maintains tbe creed of one or theotherbranchofthedemocratic partyatthepresentday.Assuming that to bit so, / t-ll mm, in ail tinre,1ty, that tX order at once intellectual, refined and prwprissBSS- lastdVmecirstinOuUnitedState*isbarn (Brestnngbte Icg. Although very graceful fit hto movements, hefer the Craps, Ac.,to be a Scotchman, of tne name of Allen, but, from the investigations which have been made, it appears that beto the present boor. / Mlyou, feOow ntizmt, that withFaR-rasa Freer, Angus* 14, 18**. Ike rteemserp Anglo-titssn. ft** Lmrpool oa the 2d,[From the Boston Atlas and Bee, August 14.1Hon. Wm.H.Seward ofNewYork, arnivedinthisSy ree< rved. tinues limited, and in the open market best bills wereThe general BOWSby the Anglo-Saxon is not important. taken at a fractional reduction from the bank rate. [From tbe London Times City Article, August 1. JPierce; and, probably, the purpose for which these lee ever, the demonstration of our citizens was very enthusi- were wanted was to effect a division of tbe booty. None astic and hearty. Hundreds, if not thousands, rallied togone by the name of Filette, Leon, lime. Georges,and tbe widow Dollard, she was recognized by Fontana, indeed,he expressed the opinion that it was she who took the gave the distinguished visiter a volley of united cheers.diamonds. When arrested the wss found to possess, se- The enthusiastic public pressed about Mr. Seward, and it cretedinherpetticoats,a500f.banknote,300fingoldand waswithdifficultythat becould makehisexitfromtbeGov. Seward retired amid enthusiastic and continued plaudits.Thecrowdbeinganxiousforfurther speeches,andcall if.g for different favorites, Bon. Charles Francis Adams was introduced by Gov..Banks, and spoke ss follow* —SPEECH OF BON.. CHAKLK8 TRANCIS ADAMS. FELLOW Cmxasa—You didn't come, here to see me to- night, snd I confees to you* between ourselves, that I didn't come to see you (Laughter.) 1 came to see a greater man than all o f us. i Applause ) I came, just s s yon did, because 1felt that Massachusetts could not letThesteamship GoldenFleece, from New York viaSt, Johns, N F , arrived at Galway on the 2J inat.The steamship cUsgow, from New York, arrived at Qoeexstewn on the 2d inst.Cciton—sates of the week 12 MO bales. The market etosrd steady and unchangedBreadstuff—Weather unftworsble for the crops, ricor qniet Wheal steady. COM advanced 6 1 a 9dProvaioas dull and unchanged. Produce unchanged.English faads firm.Ccnscls W>i a 93;,.-THE LATE8T.ST HUUUTB io UHMsmsunLQUDOX, August 2—P.M The English reads were firm i o day. In the discountThis funds this morning opened atanadvanceof'»', which was fully supported to the close, buoyancy being observable in nearly all depanments of tbe Stock Ex change. In the discount market t h e demand continues moderate, but a t th e Bank, from exceptional circum- etax-ces, the applications to day were larger than yester- day. The French funds show a recove -y of only '4 per cent. The corn market this morning w a s firm a t fully Monday's rates. No bullion was taken from the Uank to- day. All the lately arrived American gold lias been pur- chased for the Continent, and the whole of the amount from Australia by the Kent is also expected to be sent away. In the railway market tbe announcement of the proposed midland dividend of G :, per cent per annum,and the rate exceeding public expectations, caused a fur- ther general advance.Syria.THE MASSACRE AT DAMASCCS. [Correspondence of the London Post.]Bamot:t, July 16,1860. on the 11th instant 1 forwarded you, \ia Smyrna, aASbefore stated,Br. Seward arrived atthedepotof tbe Boston and Main* Railroad about ten o'clock. Large cumbers bad assembled, and before tbe rain bad fairly entered, he was honored with prolonged and earnestmarket there was an increased demand, owing to the telegraphic despatch giving an outline of tbe fearful tra- Sa-tw.rd.ay Nlgttt a m i S u n d a y a t N e w p o r t -In front of the depot a barouche, with tour handsome white horses, was in waiting. I t contained Senator Wil- son. Hon. Cbas. Francis Adams and Wm. E. Bicknell, one of the Executive Coauniuee. These gentlemen waited upon Gov. Seward and conducted him to the carriage, ou reaching whiab a SBeech was loudly called for. This, however, weaproperly not responded to, as this portion of tbe reception wss to take place at another point. The barouche was drives rapidly to the Revere House, fol- lowed by a great throng. On reaching Bowdeis square, Mr. Seward was again complimented with salvos ofHe wss slightly seasick during the first two or three dajr wh'ii tbe weather was rough, b u t afterwards b e was hardly ever in his own cabin tea minutes s t a time,preparations for the fourth o f t a t month. About £4,000 m gold were taken from the bank to-day for exportation. Oa the Paris Hoarse to-day there was a decliae of more torn one-quarter per cent.gedy which h a s just been witnessed, and which, when the last accounts left tbe place was by no means finished, at Damascus, since then further details of this outrage have retched Bcyrout from various authentic sources.IDamascus is the real capital of Syria, aad is the largestDoings on Monday—Levee on theMa- ria—List of Yacht* and Tonnage—Scenesbeen disposed to be liberal, to be hearty, in ber approba- tion of any man, be be from any section of the country whatsoever, who, in ber opinion, dots his duty to the country. (Cheers.) I trust, fellow citizens, that in this case that duty is not yet performed, aad that yet here- after we may nope for many years of service from him for which w e shall be grateful hereafter, as we now arepassed in and oat.He had the entire use of the upper quarter deck cabin,usually occupied by the captain, and into this none of the members of bis suite ever entered, unless to dine or by special invitation.On walking from the main deck, where a sentinel ot marines is at all times peeing to and fro, you antic the dining cabin, which is as broad as the quarter deck, but considerably lees extensive. Right and left, en eacb side, you see two of tbe huge ninety one guas, whichthe ship carries, painted white, and lashed to the deck and port hole loops with thick, heavy ropes or hawsers,The Loadoa Time* strongly advocates the establishment city of Asiatic Turkey. It is considered by all Moslems a holy town, as from it departs and to it arrives every ef a county Rifle Meeting in connection with the National year tbe hs.i, or pilgrim caravan, to and from Mecca.Little has oceured since we came to anchor worthy of special note. The evening air is cool and calm; the surface EJe Association. This would permanently popularize The population of Damascus exceeds 160,000, of which of tbe water,smooth ss a mirror, reflects the blue sublimetat weapon. When the ase of tike rifle is as popularas cricket or boating, there will be no (ear of volunteer regi- ments falling into decay.1>.U0O are Moslems, 16,000 Chrustians ana 6 000 Jews. Ever since tbe murderof tne Christians by the Tirutes in Lebanon commenced. and more particularly since it be came every day more and more evident to all menot heaven in solemn beauty; the moon in white serene- ness, pearled around with stars, sheds a mild radiance over the scene; lights are twinkling through the squadronand made an address.nSTHODCCTlON BY GOVEKVOR BASKS.Hon. Henry Wilson was. called for, and introduced to tbe assemblage by tbe Governor. His remarks were sub - stantially as follows:—Already a beginning has been made. A meeting of the that the Turkish government showed partiality as if from an illuminated city; boats w e plying lazily from to tbe Druses, the more disreputable Moslems of Damas-Berkshire Volunteers for rifle prizes, for -hooting, com* cus begun to i«e exceedingly insolent to the Christians. yacht to yacht, tbe crews are lounging in their respective sued with other sports, will take place in Windsor Park These low Moslems are a numerous, a very troublesome, forecastles, and excepting the occasional strains of melody est the W k of September. Every county in England and an exceedingly bigoted race in all large Oriental towns, from tbe band, the songs ot*amateurs, or the laughter ofand are tenfold more so in Damascus than a n y place Ishould follow the example. know in Asia. Hearing bow tbe government bad every the happy yachtsmen, an air of repose pervades the entireFELLOW CITIZENS:—1 know it is a custom of the peopleof Boston to welcome, with warm hearts and enthusiastichearts of frienship, every man of name and fame who doesus the honor to visit our loved city. (Applause.) Here,atleast, there are none whom we fear, and from whatever most statesmen ot tbe age In America. (Applause.) Itijuartti- of the world a man shall come, who h.w served bad been our fortune to welcome here many of the fore- which are twisted about eacb of the four cannon referred his people in his das and in bis way, we can a;lord and most men o ' our country, out never a truer, mori far-we will give our welcome. (Cheers) But Iam g;..-l to say, seeing, sagacious and national statesman than WilliamThe London Cknmkk says it is notorious that the con- where not only Sided against their co religionists, but servetrves are not prepared to take office. Their only bow it bad everywhere in Lebanon actially helped to be-squadron. Ashore,H. Seward. (Continued cheers) He bad sat by his side during six sessions o f the Senate, a n d had watched h i s course through all the obloquy and' misreoresentatioa to whisb he bad been subjected, and he bad seen that,to like so many coils of snakes A mahogany dining u hie stanCs in tbe centre, together with t w o sma'l card tables and twenty two leather bottomed chairs of tbe same wood. The walls and celling are paintedhowever ,prospect at present is to deprive the ministry of Mr. mascus were from tbe very outset downhearted and fluences do not prevail. There is a gathering of fashion Gladstones services. We are to break faith with France frightened, as well they might be, when threatened from and frivolity which constitutes a contrast between thea LI, referringfortification vote last night, says that for the first timethe present session the government has succeeded In car- rying a measure which commands the assent of all the reasonable men in the country.enjoying ss we have, both as citizens of the metropolis of of his coaatry, and it has received hts support. He has sideboard occupies a middle position on the forward side, New England and sf the Commonwealth, tbe efforts of borne lite a Christian statesman the misrepresentationshis eloquence, his industry, his wisdom, and bis great of his character and aims, and now is living it down. snd over this are suspended from tat roof four long silver and far-reaching experience in the councils of the nation— (Applause.) And when the day shall come—and God in lantern like candle holders, which were once the property (applause i—I know you will welcome him as he deserves his providence grant that it may b e far distant—whenliament. If the Ministry should really be beaten, it will very soon b e found out that a question m a y b e worth fighting tor, sad yet not important enough to resign upon.The London a i r reminds t h e supporters o f free tradeChristian quarter, crying out. "Slay the dogs of Chris tiaos!" aad immediately the work of plunder, burning and murder <omroen<-ed. Acfamet Pacha, t overnor- General and Commander m Chief of the place—a field marshal in the Sultan's army—was a t once informed of what had taken place. But. although be bad at bis dis-welcome, -without a cheer that should coma from the hearts of tbe people of Massachusetts. (Applause, i Fel- low citizens, I present t o y o u the Honorable William B . Seward, cl' the United States—(great applause)—respect- ed and loved by the people of all tbe States. (Renewed cheering.)Governor Seward, in stepping forward, was receivelAbraham Lincoln an overwhelming majority in Xovem ber next.Mr. Wilson retired ; mid hearty applause, and was sue ceeded by Hon. Alexander H. Rice.Sfeetlnsj of the Board or Delegates oft o themajoritieson thetray , if not realfy to murder them, tbe Christians or Daday to day that the Moslems would rise and exterminatethat Mr. Disraeli may have revenge on a successful op. thtm. Matters got worse aad worse, tbe one party exciting and substantial pleasures of the ocean sail andplain drab, and the only approach to ornament about either them or the cabin are afew gilt lines be- tween the panelling. The floor Is covered with a thin mottled-red carpet, which, in sobriety of look, is in keep- ing with everything else in the apartment., A mahoganyawasas.The London Heibecoming daily more frightened, the other hourly more the fleeting allurements of the watering place socialins»lent. until at last, on Sunday, the 8th inst., circle, which is striking enough to make one draw a men-when the Christians came oat of their various tal dividing line and heartily wish himself ou its happiest material wealth of that portion of the continent; and, for the interest of one State, it was for the interest churcbts, a mob of Moslem lads were busy tn tbe streets side.making creeses in chalk on the ground, and then stamp- Newport is in its gayest mood. Three or four thousanding and spitting on the sacred emblem. But so utterly people are atsembleti in a constellation of rank, beautydownhearted were tbe Christians, that they did not even and fashion, that is to be found nowhere else on this con-complain to the authorities of tills wanton insult. (>a tinent, and people of all kinds, classes, capacities andthe contrary, all they did was to confine themselves still conditions are mingled together in the pursuit of elegantmore strictly within their houses for tbe rest of the day. ease and pleasure. Tbe yachtsmen, following tbe exam-TBB tsTNlSTaY AND TBK PAFXB DUTY.IkeLondon3ISM*saysthatnobodyhaseveryetheard WhatmustthenhavebeentheirastonishmentonthepleoftbeCommodore,who,withhisfamily,hasengagedof you; and \ know that you will speak for him and for the sods of the valley shall lie upon his bosom, be willthe people of the Commonwealth when I shall have pre- live in the affectionate remembrance of the people of the from which they were taken after the battle of TrabtigarLord FsJmerston say that he either will resign or dissolve Monday morning to see these same lads who had maleupon this affair. It will only baa sham fight, got up to and spat upon the crosses on the previous day sweeping resemble a real one. The tory opposition does not want tbe streets of the Christian quarter in chains, by order ofthe Turkish head of police. They at once supposed that to kill the whig Cabinet, sad las whig Cabinet does not this order must have been given for the vary purposerooms at the Atlantic, nave generally made that hotel their rendezvous, and i t s spacious corridors glitter with brass coats, blue buttons, sparkling eyes, Hashing jewels and gay attires, from dusk till midnight.A tew, ss there always will be at such a time, have been doomed to tbe retirement of a wall seat, and looked on the scene with a s little interest a s one would watch the motion of planets with which he has nothing to do; but the majority selected partners, and here and there, in one way or another, were making the moat of their time and opportunity.At twelve o'clock a party of gentlemen, who bad been engaged in serenading Senator Douglas and his lady at the Atlantic, came down to one of the piers which jut out into the. stream, a n d there sang a number or songs, which called forth a hundred sleepers and elicited the heartiestmet here at a few moments' •all. They know what hos- sal and impartial liberty, and men of every race and pitality is due to you, that you come at the close of a every dime will yet cherish the name and memory of long day's travel at the warmest season of tbe year, and William H. Seward. (Loud cheering.) Mr. Wilson pro we cannot demand or expect much from you; but a little ceeded to corroborate the prediction of Governor Seward is required in obedience to that respect and esteem which in relation to the vote of New York at the coming elec tbe people of this Commonwealth entertain for you; and I tion, aad to express his belief in tbe coming permanent am sure that its citizens would grieve if we were to allow triumph of republican principles in the national govern- you to pass through this metropolis without a word o ment. Massachusetts will do her part by giving tovoyage, when the Prince gave a dinner party.On the opposite wall hangs in a plain, nar- row frame, an engraved portrait of Nelson, in his uniform, and surrounded by charts, and witb one arm leaning on a table, and immediately under neath is a cabinet, which was made out of the timbers ol tbe old Victory herself.A doorway facing tbe outer o n e leads into bis sitting cabin, which is a well window lighted tand a very com- fortable room, furnished with a table mjthe centre a n d two small leather covered sofas and chairs t o match. The walls are painted similarly to those of tbe other apartment, a n d a r e equally devoid o f ornamentItubekilled. The case is one on which every member of exciting a riot, aad they were not mistaken. vote according to his conscience, without the least At two P. M. some three hundred of the lowest regard to what may betall either the Ministry or the Par- Moslems of Damascus, rushed armed into theprinciplesthat themaintenanceofthepresent dutyon posalsomeeighthundredregulartroopsandseveralheld foreign paper will be simply the maintenance of protec- pieces, not a man nor a gun did be move. He neverwith the utmost enthusiasm. sided, be spoke as follows —After the cheers had sub-American Israelites.An adjourned meeting of the Board of Delegates of Turning to the right after entering, yep step into h aisa for the English pape- makers. showed himself in the streets, nor took any steps what applause. From the time "silence hung her mantle overMr. Puller has altered bis proposed amendment upon Mr. ever to stop the massacre, declaring—the old story of is motion for the reduction ot the present cus Hasbeyta. Ragaeyia, .'Deir-ei-Kamar and Sidon—thatbe had not troops enough to do any good. The Russian duty on paper. In its present form it stands as Consulate was almost the first bouse attacked, aad allthe scene,"- until the morulng reveille and gun called the slumherers from their virtuous bunks.SPEECH OF GOVERNOR SEWARD.CinzKxs or Busfox—OKMAS<ACHCSETTS—Ihave heard, from the honored Chief Magistrate of your State, my ex- cellent a n d esteemed friend, your explanation. Some- thing,however,seems toroetobeduefrommyself.to you and to the country, for the unexpected surprise whichhasovertakenme. Itissocottr.vytothehabitAmerican Israelites, was held last evening at the Cooper institute. The hour appointed for meeting being very early—six o'clock—it was* deemed advisable tJ postpone ituntilseven.atwhichtime thePresident,Mr.HenryJ. Hart, called the meeting to order and proeeded to bus-:sleeping cabin, on tbe right hand side of which h s cot, lined with a hair mattress, was swung for him every night. < >u tbe left is a speaking tube, which be used for summoning his servant, who entered by a doorway lead- ing direct into the sleeping chamber and facing the other one. Underneathaplaindealbeard,ot>which tus cot rested by day. were three new looking solid leather port- manteaus,or,aswecallthem,trunks,ofwhichbewere sent to pot a stop to the outrage, but very shortlyjoinedintheplundering;sucnasdidnot doso actuallyused their arsis to massacre the Christians. T oe wholeChristian 'lUarter—which includes some of the finest pa-laces to be found in the empire—was soon one mass ofnames, ami—for this there is the lositive authority of asaade for preventing confusion by the announcement of European eye witness, who was hiding in the neighbor-the sodden death of Mr. Charlie* and that every precau- hood all thai fearful night—as the Christians tried toes ordered locking figure would rush on deck, attired inatheHouseinto assentingtothe ChancelloroftheKx>be- •luer't motion by threats of dissolution and resignation.because they know so little about it, had not disciples my explanation, fellow citizens, is a very simple one. ITBB BOY AI. SANK OF LIVERPOOL.The London Heialu states that arrangements have beenenough in the squadron to "shake a stick at.'' Occasion- allv a shaggy, uacomtx-d, moppy looking head and rum- pled shirt collar would protrude above a companion way,ot tbe Board be handed over to the Executive Committee, He appear i to be very fond of the' society o f b » brethren of the rising generation, for at the Halifax ballcape from the dames they were thrust back on the burn- ' n e x t t o m e " and unmentionables, and dive overboard. tion has been taken to prov tie assistance in the emer- ing piles by tbe bayonets of the Turkish regular troops. A few were in full drees, and a very few might have besngencyofaranonthebank,eventotheextentofkeeping However, when werecollect that oneOfthemilitary seenmovingtowardstbeshoreontheirwaytochurch.East, instead of the telegraph, (laughter.) I found out my mistake only when it was too late; for although I succeeded in finding tbe Wide Awakes atBangorfastasleep in themiddleoftheday,yetI very qnickly discovered that they woke up quite too soonmight see fit. {A resolution was likewise offered that ten copies of ladyBaron Rothchilds' book b e given t o each delegate, theconversation at one point of the evening more than the partner leaning on his armAnd .while speaking of that evening, I must not omit to mention that, at dinner, being Stated near the Portuguese Consul to whom be had been previously pre sented, he began talking Portuguese to h im , a language which the Consul, being antEnglishman, was by no means p r o f i c i e n t i n , a n d w a s t h e r e f o r e c o m p e l l e d l o t e l l t h etit mostly a military convention tor t i e evacuation ef Bswry from motives of humanity.Correspondence from Genoa reduces to six the militaryeseestioaa sssfl to have been ordered by General Gari-sand Christlsaa, it was calculated, bad been murdered, all in cold Wood, end the estimated loss of property, money, valuables, ftc., was $1,200.000 sterling.FromAleppothenewsisbad. Theybad notbeardof tbe Damascus mess*ere, bat fully expected, almost everySBTBNTR D A T .MOKKAY, August 13, lSdO.One of tbe members moved that that portion o f Abe re- solution relative to tbe high school was somewhat prema- ture, as they bad not the necessary means to carry out the project, and tbat it should be stricken out. Another1 SCO men, and a heavy proportion o f i t was sustained b y Garibaldi's beat corpsSYTUA.1'AKW. August 8,1860.All the Powers have agreed upon the conditions of Eu- intervention in Syria. The Conference willsave fugitives from Moslem fanaticism. shinei fairy-like gigb are flitting from point to point, for their fidelity to the interests of their coun- The report closed with a resolution to keep a watchfulIn Beyrout tbe panic among the native Christians has while thirty or forty sail boats, containing parties of la- try and to the cause of justice and humanity, eye on affairs in Lurope. and to look after the general in- could be gathered are on board, and hart been read with been something fearful yesterday and to-day. They are dies and gentlemen, are dashing backwards and forwards they are still b«t my fellow laborers in the vineyard. terest of the faith at home and abroad. avidity. Hence, to some extent, tbe ready mformatior.ablea t three o'clock t o sign a convention in to the measures to be taken in common.Alexandria all tbe refugees tbat have fled there have Admes- been very handsomely treated by Said Pacha, who gives America toot to the poorest, money to many, houses to ail. In Bonita Beyrout t h e English a n d Americans have formed a fund Hazeto relieve tbe poor who have fled to this place in thou- Juliette2bmw»rie. Names. 66.60 Roweua 46.60 Undine 87.25 Alpha88 30 Namgansett 26.20 Ray66.60 Bessie 63.20 Zouave 88.40 Favorite216.60 Gipsy T7.60 Madgie 6 7 . 8 i Widgeon 44.20 '/.inga42.80 Gertrudethose States by she champions of human rights. 1 am cussion arose relative to the number of votes thai Ihnnage. tbeir equal: Ihave received their cordial welcome as an every congregation should have in tbe Board—IRDIA AKD CHINA.The overdue India and Cult.* mails are telegraphed viaTrieste, but the newt is unimportant.COMMERCUL ntTELLIGENCE. LONDON MONEY MASSIf.LotoMM, August 3—P. M. t oesols for money and account 93 '„ a « * , .urmrooL COTTON SUKXKT. LivnarooL,August3—P.M.The Circular reports t h e sales of the week a t , i n c l u d i n g • i WO t o s p e c u l a t o r s a n d 1 S . 0 0 0 t o exporter*. The market ck*>ed active and firmer, but un- changed as rsgards prices. Tbeaathoruwt quotationsJttiV.i-|- ~ i .- ? i..J ...**«sands, tbe French have done the same, tbe Sitters of Charltv have relieved hundreds every day with rood; the trench, English, Russian, Austrian and Prussian Consuls (to say nothing of th e Atsenoau missionaries who daily feed three hundred people), give bread, cooked meat, riot, clothes, A c . to several hundreds of these poor, starved, burnt o u t peasants. All tbe medical men have attended to tbeir wounds and sickness gratis, a n d even the crewi of far Majesty s ships Kxmouth and Mohawk, aswellsstheTrenchImperialfrigateZenobie,havecon- tributed their miles.46. 44.70 23.50 29.6030.31 9 0 .9 5 .1 3 S . 149.9499.50 101.80 1 1 8 7 79 0 .Mew OrleansmobilesI steads.Prime Warden, Tn proposutx the health of the noble Lord, *'t claimedforhimtnetitleofpacificatorofIndiaft*. LordCLTDB. in acknowledging tbe toast, paid a highsssMsnssBi from 2,arrivedatanddecisionwhichhad Informertimessecared arepalpitatingwithenvyattheold gentlemanssuccess head«ftasaasftts,tothetry ttmt/mm wkuh hemu m- onthecornerofKfUtandNorthThirteenthstreets,E.D., alltbeworldarefollowingMetInfistravels. Heasur-, from Liverpool, July 30, and 1, via Southampton,anticipated bythtAdrntto i\Fuea ia a t i.swn Maxt FACTORY —About nine o'clockNevertheless, Amort Edward has found himself i s a far mr.reexalted position since be left bene than everbe occupied before, either to hto own Snlststiou or the minds of the people, ta koto England an<not only these, but tbe t w o hessJtpheret, lor the eyes of•fMthkieTea London Tm* believes tbe Eagltoh people are d*.way te New Bedferd te give an account of U jraad sat- Superior Comrt—Special Terns.cktimtd, and tail he < m « hmttdf. for w*l or une,/or the costiagration; but owini-to the immense volumes of be is a social idol, by whose worship some among the lifeordeath,amMieronVie\tideoffreedomintheirrnpre* manyhopetobemadeknightsaidC.B*s,orsenat nsto emMd town freedom and tiavero. (Prolonged smoke emitted from the burnitg building, their effortsto even higher honors. I have been oa'several occasions cbeerng.) Tb»S geatlesnen, is my simple ceafeeswa I save it were quite i* _The stoek ta port is ssiimssed at 14*1,000 bales, of compliment to Lord Canning, toe Governor Ocueral ofA committee was appointed to nominate officers for tbe ensuing year, who retired and made the following nomi- nations—wbienl.t~.*,000bales a r e American, t h e antes include Iadia, saying that to him,above all others, does England3.000 hakta on specatetioa and for export. Tbe sales owe a OeM ef gratitude. Be said he thougni it right thatto day (Trssay) foot up 10,009 bales, the market dosing Englishmen should know the merits of tbat groat man, steady. whose never distrusted self possession exercised so pow-LIVIKPO.IL BKISIWH F*N MAKUT. erful an influence tn the suppression of tbe mutiny. The The weather has been uuiaveraMe for thecrop' Fleer noble ford also spoke of his countrymen. He saidis quiet. Wheat steady. Onre advanced sd. a 01. LivtarooL PROVISION' MABBRT.The prevwKw market Is goseraUy dull and unchanged. LivKKPoot. paoacci BASSET.Theproducemarketisgeneral!yuachangedHenrv Hart, of New Vork, PresidentBev. Iiaac Leeser. of fphlladelphta, and I. I.feJonee,of ever carriage his HojaiHighness maybe riding m, aadThe aflair of the robbery of Itt0,000f. worth of dia- osad to receive this letter in a spirit of fair and honor- moods from Fontana. the jeweller of tbe Palais Royal,Before Hon. Judge Woodruff.Arcrsr U.—Moore ami other* t* Farmed* am mm — desire, now, oalp to say to you tbat mm ham arrtned at contents were soontheImttttooeifait oanfUdtbefiwemmreachtheUtumphmanufacturingthe TktcAistoinnmamrate'kitgreatpoli^ into the oovernmeninight,sadthe causenf the Vm^klmmm. (Cheers.) YoewiU bear yowssrves manfully. Itbehoovesyon,solidmenofBoston,ifyou are r«rc-(e vBtce—"They ere")-eBd if the solidThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069img, snd the building with its atked by ambitions and interested parties if I knew who ly destroyed The business of Bad been selected, or were likely to be selected, for these itwascarriedoaprincipallyat dignities,andIknowthatmanyexpectthemwhohavenoKit it eaaaot ass any reason tor the of tbe purely defensiveat. We rnaeot tlnwfl to axlif we are to oonUnue a first Power it muet be by •trencth.andaotby the parmisswa of any one aIke fssMs adds,tikeroadllisa ef Msaseklp tad Ftaact * totality. W o abooW b eOrdered that psnntittfe have the relief demanded in theirup at Hacbeyia upwards of fifteen hundred Christians to b e m a s s a c r e d b y t h e D r u s e : , a l l w o n d e r a t t h e c o n d u c t of tbe niil'itaivjct ases at once.the ropes coiled neatly away; tbe brass ornaments bright certainly have net besought, and have not desired any This caused some little debate, some of the membersl y p o l i s h e d , g l i s t e n i n t h e s u n s h i n e , a n d v a r i c o l o r e d a w n - d e m o n s t r a t i o n o f c o n s i d e r a t i o n a t t h e h a n d s o f m y f e l - t h o u g h t t h a t t h i s w o u l d n o t t*e a f a i r d i v i s i o n , a s m a n y o fings are spread on the dideront craft, beneath which low citizens. There are many reasons why I prefer to the congregations represented bad no schools attached Prince that, although tbe Portuguese Consul, be was say, satisfactory.After noticing the run on the bank in consequence ofsusnunsn reports of losses from failures in the leather trade, the fisMS city article says, the available assets of too bank in cash and good bills are unquestionably large,i t h a t t h e t e n d e n c y t o d i s t r u s t s t e a d i l y s u b s i d e s .BICI|.T.KRJDAT, August 3, 19o0TheParisMmiteurpublishesthetextofaconventioni a t Messma by Geueral Clary and Colonel; Medici, the towth-hsd been rtajttcted. Upwards or two thou ing room and lawn.to tbem.ThePRXSIDBXTsaid that they were intended for general*: * '••tafpy te tee Fiance reducjtg Uteansoutt of her forees fcr tale. Anctbif man and two other femalea thenby land and by sea, bec.»se that would reader a in, and tBked to see some watches, tbe two . t'jn.iar redtet'en on oar par! f p»*a:b!a ; but it placing themselves is such a position, as to prevent thecugbt to be clearly tAdsrsteod that it a by the movementssf thefirsttwofrom bfciag seta. After a-T4-^are not SmTOR SEWIBDDOWSEAST. setts, tors —That without desiring to prejudice the question ofaredactionatafutureperiodofthecustomsdutyon books and paper, this commitlp* does not think tit at pre- senttoassenttosuchareduc^uio.The!aastsaHerald**y*the governmentareendeavoringtomakethe motionaparty questionandtofrighten everyminute. Latein theevening about 300soldiers thismorning,atnineo'clock,wefoundthatthatbadhabit offriendship, aadwascommenced andprosecuted,andamsuresomeexplanationwillbeexpectedofme. Now,have been very weak. 1 have committed a great blun-der. I have mad* a great mistake. My first mistakeWhen our last advices from Damascus left that placet b e w h o l e C h r i s t i a n q u a r t e r b a d b e e n u t t e r l y d e s t r o y e d .Four thousand Christians had taken refuge In the bouseof Abd-el Kader, who defended them against all comers.Three thousand bad tak-n refuge in tbe castle under thePacha, and sevtral hundred in tbe English consulate, rest around Newport, promenaded tbe spacious corridors whichssyet-pbeingsituated intbeMoslemquarterof ofthehotels,orenjoyedtheentertainmentsofthedrawd i s t r i b u t i o n , a n d f o r t h o s e w h o n e e d e d i n s t r u c t i o n . The resolution;was finally slopted as at first ottered.Banquet to Lortl ClydeLord Clyde was entertained at a magnificent iianquat three hundred.home which was not molested on my way, to the *age of pose of meeting tbe expenses of the Board. This gare cju:ney —(applause)—ther«JU>learn trom him what became rise to some little discussion, as the smaller congregations a citizen of the United states, in view of the deplorable dM not wish to give as much as the larger ones, hut the conditionoftheintelligenceandsentimentofthecountry tendollarmotionwascarried.whoarebothyoungmen;Dr.Actoad,physician,aadMr. fDgtsbart, secretory both of whom dress is civil blue trmform, with tiiver facings s n d cocked bate, whenever the Prince assumes hie, and exchange N for plain dress as often ss be doss. ISBlrttB these there are tereralaervsBlarf>f varkoss degress, including a steward, who, whenever on doty, to in nfain evening dress, after the style of gentlemen and butlers In EogUnd. and one or more footmen, who affrays ride on ]the box of whatby the FMunongers' Company,ou Tuesday, July 31. TheBesides these are tbe Charlotte, 70 tout; Scud, 75 torn; Richmond, 28 tons: I na, 70 loos; Daisy, Coquette. Ga- zelle.Dragouet,thequarantinefleet,ofBoston;theRein- deer, from Provtdenoe, with a delegation of A. T. G's on beard, and a number of other pleasure craft, •• too nume- rous to mention.''A meeting of tbe captains of the fleet was convened at ten o clock, on board the Maria, when it was announced tbat tbe squadron would start for New Bedford at six o'clock in the morning.A ball is to be given to the club to night at the Atlantic Hotel, and tbe liveliest expectations hare been excited in tell you that the men of England, Ireland and Scotland regard to tbe event. The ladies will be out in full force,Mobile, Vice PresidentsA. SVSaroni, <>r Boston, Treasurer; MyeeS. Isaacs, Sec-wear tbe royal' livery.When it was first understood that tbe Prince w ss to tail in the Hero tbe Admiralty prepared to take the gnus out of tbe cabin to be used by him, sad •Setralta tbeapartmentsinregalsplendor.Sataaordercame frost b e r Mstosty, hto mother, to tbesfteot that every• have been fifty years a soldier, and canirtary and fifteen members to compose the Executivehave not deteriorated. They are s s obedient soldiers, when properly oificered, s s ever served in the British army.and tbe ocansieu promises to be the place.worthy of the time a n d _They were unanimously elected.tendered the Bev. Dr. *C.reen for transmitting tbe five thug was to remain in tbe same order^n beard, andthatTbe afternoon present* uo deviating features from those ortheearlierpartoftheday..IbeUnahasstartedouton behalf of the navy, said that modem warlike improve a clambake. The little Richmond, with a party of ladies,•'solid men of Boston or of the light men of M isstasippi,haveassailed meforthe maintenanceoftbo=e doctrines. I have sought to cossmune withhi.- spirit, sad to learn from him whether the thingin which I w a s engaged w a s well sad worthily done.What a commentary upon t b e wisdom o f man i s givenin this single had, that fifteen pearteasy after me death «/JohntJKtacp «shau,(aepaste of the Untied sma, «**kurledatm from power and from ptacr, are r-alUng to the last night afire broke opt in a two story frame building,AdmiralSAKTOBICI,whorespondedtothetoastonhundredvolumesofLs4j'B*TM*Rothschildt>theBoard. whateverlittleadditionrequiredtobemadeforhtoper The Secretary was ordefed fo forward it to the reverend soeal accommodation should t e of the pU'nett kind.doctor.entirely changed the whole system o r defence, ted the advantages of the defenders over the ahundWd fold. Asaseaman.be said it w astor say successful invasion of our shores to take place by ships. He was not disposed to distrust the r « [ • • French, but he would say "rely on tbewent on a sail outside, a n d fair forms, a t the peril o f a wetting from tbe rough sea which prevails, are r»»*>ag friends among the fleet. Commodore Stevens is holding a levee on tbe Maria, and his broad deck, radiant with mundane divinities, has been the locus of every glass in the squadron, while the hearts of the young yschtameaAfter *»»* minor butness they adjourned. W 11liamsburg City Hssra.These tnstructi^os bad., o f course, to be obeyed._.tyof the coaatry." SirCharlesWoodvatpresent. Theother membersofthe Cabinet were attending a privy council ot (Hborne.Dlsmond Kobbcry tmParis.§& [From tne LondonStar, July 30)fui diplomat'v.petled, Abraham Lincoln—(enthusiastic cheers)—**"* rounded by gsgeaatry wherever he goes, be to theabout whicti so much has been said, hat at length beenbrought te aa tad. It is known tbat on the evening oftat 80th March last a man and two females went iato premises therein described, and that the defisadaats de-tbe oreissaid tohavebeenthe pee used in its manufacture. The aMr.GeorgeMulligan,residing :lyn. The loss on the building andenteots is estimated a t from fl.MO to $5,000, onrighttJexpectthem,andnochancetogetthem. Ismyob- servations of tbe character of the Prince T nave foend that heisfullofgenuinegoodhumor,whichoften rtoesnto a bubbling gaiety and strong relish for fun. Be has a quick eye for tbe ludicrous obeteeci sees, and evidently delights ia throwing oa* all state and acting like aayFeeteast shop oa pretext ef purchasing an opera glass. Whilst the man was examining the articles offered him, —issisjplacedthemselvesneartbewindow,inwhich,liver the |--rum '- ct said pssasstss to the phintifls, which are situated in the city of New York, sad known ssNo.686Broadway, aadthe ptaiatifis recover efthewb'ch 'here It no issafaoceother taiasa, a natality of diamonds were exposed defendants their costs in thai action.some jew slry. and she could not give a satisfactory ac- count as tofwhere they came from,nor why she hadhll them. None of the diamonds, however, could be traced to her. The jury acquitted the woman but convicted Al- len, who wss condemned to ten years' bard labor.THE YACHT SQUADRON.building.knowledged with graceful bows, and soon disappeared within the house.During the voyage from England be wss the most live- ly and social of all on board. He used to sit cross- legged, with telescope in hand, signalling the other ships of t h e squadron alternately asking humorous questions and returning all sorts of jocular replies.a n dIncidents,cite., dkc.NawPOKf, R. I., August 11,1860.Tbe square was the scene of a great multitude of mostenthusiastic people—warm republicans who bad come upto do honor to one sf tbe great men and statesmen of thecountry. The Germania serenade band w a s stationed intbe square, and performed at intervals during the even-ing. A few minutes after ten o'clock, <Jov. Banks for the services of the past. (Warm applause.) stepped upon tbe balustrade in front of the ladies' ptriora t thehotels, the samesoothingin-fellow citizens*, thai like other human beings we bare ourfriends, (renewed sheering. A voice—" Seward's one ofthetn")and among others there is none thatfindsa warmerplace in the hearts el the people of the old liay State thanthe renowned statesman ot New York. (Fresh applause.) more than any public man of our age, William II, Seward Though not so well known to us personally as be should had comprehended the genius a n d spirit o f our republi- be, aa citizens of Boston aad as citizens of Massachusetts can institutions. He has jnever stopped, when called for many long years we have watched his career, direct- upon to support a public measure, to ask whether ing tbe intemta ofShe Empire State aad developing the it would beneut one State or another; if it wasSIXTH DAT.SVXDAT Mosxisu, August 12, 1$60.of early rising, which philosophers and physicians praise hoped to be ended in a manner entirely private, that Imeeting,whichwereadopted,andthe reportoftbeCom- mittee on the President's report was read, and adopted by sections.A resolution was adopted, that the balance in the handsnine o'clock in the morning, breakfasted soon after, lunched at one, snd utned at ere, with whoeverbechosetoinvite,sndhealwaysinvitedoneor more of the officers, including midshipmen, with whom, to use a familiar expression, he was "fond of skylarking "Mr. Seward.lected.alto berried off and then FoCtaca disco* red OAtb i s diamonds h a d diaappearedi I t i s further knownthat the poriee, baring obtained a description e f tits s i xperrons in question, suspected one of the females to be aeertato Bisme Nathan, living in the Roe dot QaatreVents, sad that she, having learned they had inquiredafter her, west herself to the Prefecture, and wtstatesiato custody. I t Is likewise known that a few days aftera man was arrested a t L yons for having borrowed a pairof scales to we.gh diamonds, and t u t he was recognizedbyFontana asoneofthetwowhobadrobbedhim.Finally, a man named mere*, and a female named Law-rence, were arrested at London for attempting a robberySimilar to that on fontana, and that person recognisedthem ss two of the six who had been la bisshop. It has not been possible to discover theother two femslec; and Pierce andLawrence have fieneralUarRytvertheAntttfratottWertiontbesametestimonytogiveyousubstantiallyinrelationtoPrince—BnThe Jmys! «iierars SB Beard the Hero-IHtemae Wtih Foman Lanovaaet Permm*lthepiinerem Shore /acta—J»u .a*m Beeeption bntke People—The Lew in the,AXTieU. Io the 7sattaw<— AdAretmfrom the L-nidmture of Mew itrunrwiek and the Jnashsjtstty ef FroA*rvek>n—- Kenlicsttf the Pruu-e—Hi* Sentiment* to /ftyi.d to Hi* Sorption in the United State*, «6c.T-»«re to but oae sentiment that distinguish** the peoof ike Lincoln,all tbe free States together, with tli • assurance tbat,fcr tin first time, this banner will be unfurledin safety in many of jtbe slave States. Butlet not year thought? or expectations be confinedpieherewithrespecttotheirroyalvtoiter,andthattoo admiration for the mas and loyalty to the throne, which theyallhopehesnayatansaedtotaatdayascend| I may say of tbe Prince that he to haadseste, sad no. only that, but very pleasing in other isBftints. H is pro- portions, although small and delicate, a r e symmetrical, while the play sad expression of his features are of t asions to amity toward England contained in this docu-ment are probably, to a great extent, dictated by the dis-trustful attitude o f Germany, and m a y b e accepted a smakmg a real improvement in the political situation, andas adjourntsg indefinitely the prospects of a rupture be-tween England atd France. The fundi have risen X per tn the shop with him, positively recognized him as tbecent, and closed at nearly tbe best point of the day. The manwho badcalled forawatch. Theapplicationatimprovement extended to most of the other departments Lyons for the scale* to weigh diamonds was likewise con- city last evening, shortly after ten o'clock, from Bangor and cheering. A voice—"I hope so.") Gentlemen, Itof the Stock Exebaage. Investments in sound securities sidered a most suspicious circumstance; and, besides, be and Portland. It was not known until some what of a late remains only to thank you for this kind reception, aad t o hat one or two peculiarities. Ia the ball room, whent«i meters cornet the end of the newer qf tlonery in the is a native of New York, and .that, in addition to the Mr. Seward's Hirst Cahtpoigm Speech— United States. (Cheers.) I Ithlnk I may assume that avto U>edeaderry on the M iaet , pastel this poiat this are increasing. British railway stocks wtoepartkularly bad arrived in that city with a man aad afemale,who, hour that he would return from his journey east, and nc express my best wishes for your individual health and spoken to, he leans hto body forward, sad there is a quickbuoyant, notwithstanding the 'approadh of f i e fourth of on bis arrest, mysteriously disappeared (rom the hotel cordingly it could net be announced to tbe public to so hanpiness, and for the prosperity and, greatness or your forenoon Her date* are two days Uter than tboae alrea- tbe month. Demand at tbe discount offlee at bank con- at which theybad pot up- Theman it is not doubted, was great aa extent ss was desired. Notwithstanding, bow- coble city and interesting and honored State.muscular twitching movement about hto right eye, which causes a slight opening and shutting of the lid, almost s s if he were winking. I observed, too, that in leading a tody to tbe supper room there was the same tendency ex hibited to incline the body forward; but nnen he is standing or riling this ia not the case- He usually wears with his uniform plain leather boots, of too great a thick- nessforthe dance,and these,with thejingling ofhis spurs, necessarily produce ta walking a somewhat mart A) tread. T h e graceful meaner in which h e shook handsof the diamonds stolen were found In Aliens possession,buthehadsomesecuritiesfor Frenchrents,abanknote,a watcb and some other things, which turned out to havebeen stolen at London; morever, it was discovered thathe had been condemned more than once in that city fortheft. As to the female, who l i a native of Alsace, but cheers. <>u h is emerging irom the car h e was greeted who for many years resided at New York, and who hastbe call to do him honor.with three times three, which made tbe roof of the capa- cious building re-echo. The Rail Splitter 8 Battalion was drawn up in line within tbe depot; and at a given timewas in supposing that it was safe to trust to a railroadlake a survey and disappear; and now and then a <i.s- for a conveyance through New Ingland and down and to empower them to use it for any good purpjge they a youthful middy of. I believe, the Hero, monopolized h aat the Bank of England higher than the custo- chiefs who commanded m Damascus was Osman Keg, the The appearance of the squadron is beautiful. Theaccoun t. The bank is i u perfect order, and its po- miscreant who Out three weeks previously had delivered yachts have been cleanly washed and put in ship shape, for theconvenienee or a quiet traveller, (laughter.; I he is a representative.parties of gentlemen are enjoying their morning segars and conversttk>n. A calm prevails on the water, and n u m b e r s o f l a d i e s a n d g e n t l e m e n i n r o w b o a t s a r c m o v i n g among the fleet.seek the satisfaction of tbe attempt to perform my doty.in my own conscience, and not in the plaudits of my fel-l o w m e n ; b u t i t u? G o d ' s w i l l t h a t w e m u s t b e o v e r r u l e dand disappointed, and I have submitted with such gra-ciousness as I can, (Laughter.) Keliow citizens, I haveendeavored, all along the roaii—for this, I think, is tbeseventh or eighth time that I have been called out to country. Also that they bhould promote education among meet a kind a n d cordial welcome, on this day only—tthing but a Portuguese himself. " DM he spots a wen r ' I tskeu the Consul. " Oh yet, so far as ! costo judge ; b e t t e r a g o o d d e a l , t t a n y r a t e , t h a n I c o u l d s p e a k i t . "speaking tube, and a small brass wire rsckto fixedto tbe wall within reach of his cot when swung, so tbat be can place or take away a book, or such like there while to bed(m tbe deck next below, and directly under the Prinofs cabins, are those ot the liuke o f Newcastle and Earl 81. Oerii.atcs, who have separate sleeping cabins, b a t o s eIn the latter part of the day targe numbers went on shore, indulged In rides to tbe various localities of inte-To return to the Hero. A plain, portable mahogany wash A resolution was adopted that measures snould be taken stand,with a Ud that closes over the top, stands under thehave endeavored t o accommodate myself t o this r e ception by treating it at a light and trivial affair, trust- ing that those who have been so exceedingly Kind to me would beliove, after all, that there was gratitude, unex- pressed and strong, concealed under the face of a simple,tbe people by establishing local schools, and a high school for tbe education of young men for the muistry.TbescenethismorningIttrulymagnificent. A splen- honest good nature (-'Good") But.fellow citizens, memberhopedthatttmightnotbestruckout,as itdid oneKittingroomincommon.did breeze is blowing from the southwest; flags, signals the case i? altered when I come upon tbe soil of Massa- not relate to the present but to the future conduct of the In tbe Utter, alike with that of the Frioee, there to abaldi after the capture of Melaszo. They were shot as as- hour, tbe Moslems of the town to rise on tbe Christians. and pennants are fluttering from tbe mastheads of thir- chusetts. I cannot say that I have a veneration though Board, and that the Hebrew language was not sufficiently bookcase filled witb volumes relating almost entirety toCaptain Paynter, o' her Majesty's ship 1 .xmouth, senior ty-five yachts, all anchored within an area of a quarter 1 have a profound atlection, for Vermont. Her statesmen understood in the counirj, and this should not be. Tbe the 1'nited States and British North America, selectedsassins,sotsscombatants. Thelossof theSicilianand navalofficerhere,hasdespatched herMajesty'sshipMo- are not m y teachers, her people are but my equals. gentleman withdrew his amendment, aad the resolution Italian volunteers Is estimated at very little less than hawk to Laiakia and Alexandretta, so as to pick up and of a mile; the white awnings are glistening in the sua Although I honor them and respect then,, love tbem was adopted as originally oiiered.embarking by hundreds in tbe different merchant steam-era to Alesandretu. Alexandria, Corfu, Malta, and evenfor England. Nearly all the French and English mer-chants are sending away their families to Europe. Alltrade is stopped for the present.* Syria has had a blow The yachts belonging to the {fear York squadron now and honorable as the works are which have been done in and ttiey were all adopted. A very lengthy dis- from which she will not recover for sixty years." In anchored here are as follows:—Use butterflies over an emerald field, leaving footprints I can say the same of New Hampshire, that I know none A motion was made that tbe constitution be continued expressed with regard to places visited, tanSorical and of ber statesmen or her sons who were earlier in tbe field in force until October 18*0. It was adopted. The com- otherwise, in tbe royal replies, the delivery of copies o:of sudden snow behind them, giving a life and beauty to than the statesmen and sons or New York. I can say the mittee on by taws reported, and they were acted upou which, I may mention here, bear my signature.the scene which are not to be described. same of the Stats of Maine, which I have visited—great by sections, a few slight amendments were made,itwouldbemoreconvenienttothedelegates Ituiade!- tonearlyastallands littleyoungerthantbeEarl,hot the largest fleet of a similar character tbat ever left New remorseless pro-alavery people, tbat I. younger then, of Finances was the next thing in order, and a tax of S10 ssltt are Major Teesdale aad Captain Gray, tbe eqoeries,39.20under its demoralization by the power ofsavery. And tbef»1 received, and thence 1 have derived, every resolution,every sentiment, that has animated aad inspired meinthe performance of m y duty as a citizen of the LottedStates, all this time I know, indeed, that those senti-ments nave not always been popular, even in tbe State orMassachusetts. 1 know that citizens o f MatSschoseUs, a twell at citizens ef other states, have attempted to drivethe disciples of that illustrious teacher from their policv.But it is to night that I am free to confess that whenever Committee. anyman.whereverbemightbefound,whetherhewasor Therewasnoelectionfortrustees. Northern or southern birth, whether he wss of tbeWehaveheretostoplorthemailtodoitsduty,butshall deemtothatsentuthai Ismmfmntht obligmwnof (hat usedasamanufactoryforfireproofcementforcovering great lion ot ttot Say, aad Fame trumpet* rnotforgetwhiledashingovertbeoceantoeaorrowoaearhiahtrlau—(applause)—whichtheSapsof«"»^»TJ>rooft.TbeFireDepartmentwerequicklyatthesceneofbisdeedsdailytotbeuniverseHetohotareligiossbatcomplaint, and that they recover peatsBBioe ol thebursting of one of tbe owneroftheproperty st 41 Bond street, ~Untitled Documentthen the hgbaer men of MasBsebu noward sad Strward, first ia toe rants the flag of freedom (Cheers) 1 am somewhattbat man come here without giving him some manifesta aad took leave of Lady Mulgrave, at Windsor, was per-tionofwhittheyfeltand what theythoughtabouthim(renewed applaus); and all I can say is tbat if, upon sosnort a notice, we have so many friends here to receivehim to night, toucan easily imagine what it would havebeen if he bad given us proper notice of his arrival. Thehour is late and the governor is fatigued, and it is not atime for me to go on and enlarge upon other topics thantbat one for which w e a r t especially called togetherAll 1 can say to yoa now is tbat 1 hope we shallbe able to impress our distinguished guest withthe idea tint here, and at all times, add everywhere,Massocboaotto woks to him as one of the great pillars ofthe State. ("Good," "good," andappruse.) Massachucheers, which were repeated indefinitely. This he ac- setts has many men within bar borders of whom she is save at meals, during the whole day. T el be frequently proud; but there never has been a time when she has notSPEECH 0.1' THE BON. HENRY WILSON.He said be had come to unite hit voice with that of tbepeople of Breton tn welcoming to Boston one of the foresentedhimtoyou.GovernorSeward—Ourfriendsnave UnitedStates.Hehasbeentruetotbecauseofuniver- Thesehadcandlesburningintbemonlyonceduringthethose Christians who did not take refuse with thefamousAlgerinechief, Abd-elKader(whohasbehavedmust nobly throughout the business), were murderedatcue. But^although theaftiiir mhihl have beenstoppedwiththegreatesteasebefore-larkonthe makeamanespeciallywakeful,andwhenweturnedoutofmywholelitetebearrestedonajourney—(laughter)—nets.TbeSecretaryresjdtheminutesofthepreviouscarriedteninall.Hearoseabouteightor Monday,afterthathourtbe mobincreased in numbers whichhadforitsobjectbuttheperformanceofadutylong stones and strong segars, after the "weesma' hours"havecommencedtheircourse,arenotcalculatedtodelegate to hand them ov£r to the congregation of whichto obtain full statistics relative to the Israelites in thisThe Duke is about Ave feet eleven inches to height, aad well made. He is easily recognisable oy bis short eut beard, whiskers s n d mustache, which in color are sea dv. with an inclination to red. His ate a notexpression of esteem and kindness. But it is altogether some of the members maintaining that tt was not remote from fiff. He stands aad walks very diflereat io the State o f Massachusetts. Here I c a a play fair that small congregation*- should have the same power erect, and has a "tine gentlemanly bearing. He saay no part; I can efhet no disguise; because, although not a as the large ones, others arguing thai thev should all always, when in company with t h e Prince, b e seen son of Massachusetts, nor even of New England born, I have the same privilege] Tine matter wasfinallysettled on hie left; and, whenever the Utter to in uniform, tb.' tee) ami know Itmy duty to confess that if I have ever by giving to tbe largerc>nsregatiou the same uumber of Duke appears in that of a Lord Lieutenant—scarlet, with studied the interests of my country and of humanity. INorma Restless StellaJuliaMaria Rebecca Irene llaliory Mannerting PloverT h e s e r e p r e s e n t o v e r t w e n t y t w o h u n d r e d t o o t — b e i n gYork. Thecompanyand crewuponthemnumberabout course,thanIamnow,madeapilgrimagefrom my own wasleviedoneachcongregationrepresented,forthepur-tiiver lacings.Tbe sari of St. Oermains looks ten years older, and hisvote- as tbe small churches.Another discussion arose on selectio, a place for theirhave studied tn the school of Massachusetts. (Cheersand cries of "Good ) If I have.ever conceived a reso-lution to maintain the rights and interest: of tln^e freeStates In the anion of tbe Confederacy, I learned itfrom Massachusetts. (Renewed cheering.) It is twen-ty two years ago, not far from this season, when a dis-tinguished a n d venerable statesman o f Massachusettsbadretiredtohishome,afewmilesintbesuburbsofyourcity,codertbecensureofbisfellowciti- phiawasatlastchosen,landtheyagreedtomeetouthe htohairtograyalto.Hewsnrttbeuniformofageovrsl, s e n s , d r i v e n h o a t e t o h i s q u a r t e r s b y t b e p e l t i n g s o f s e c o n d M o n d a y o f A u g u s t , l e e T s c a r l e t , w i t h g o l d U s e . T h e r e m a i n d e r o f t h e P r m e s ' shair is gray; but be has a firm step, a quick eye t o o next tpcftmg, and several places were naioed, amongst great nobility of countenance. He is nearly s s tall as tbe them Philadelphia; but that was objected to ou the Doke. and bis uniform it that of the Lqrd-Chtesoe'lain, ground of Us not belfg tbe place where the peo- which has gold work on a scarlet groom!General Bruce,ple went to, and! New York, was superior his Royal Htobness's Governor,to a major general in tbe asallthemerchantscameheretopurchasetbeirgoods,ana army,aadofextremelyaflable andrefinedBaanners. HeA vote of thanks wssfectly winning to all tbe tody spectators.of Lord Nelson, and used b y him on beard the Victory,efpecially for tbls occasion Among the latter is Ban cn.tt's History aad Ktnahsa Cornwallis' " Panorama of tbe New World" All tbe works on this country thai www.fultonhistory.com.*, 