 iJt J u'Ii |]If2I .[II :,1• fI- »:•>and shutters painted of a vivid green. Swinging from a convenient bough in front, was a grim and weather- beaten portrait of Washington, which served as a sign to the public house to which it gave its name.of tne quiet httletown in which he lived, and was glad to extend hia hospitality to sny presentable per- son whose society could relieve the monotony of his daily life. . •obstinately deteimined to fathom it. CHAPTER IV.sent here by a higher power than aught of earth, to re- figures floated dimly before the mind of tbe sleeper, veal to you the consequeneee-of your folly if you per- and he wa8-conscious that bis mind was fc reed to r e -- fr^-t8 ni^.yT^%Ni7*Ti^^^£&rZ.ipHIHWi .1«• —5j(^58^&ft3tii9Kw>ttiPMBiSK^II&fl•J 4ii•«0& tb«o«b Wferm » • y « w » • * £ * ***•*' A aeoJptox i » disOactte»>iBe said— ' , • • ' ; Mx" I thank you—I will not refuse the employment you:Aa he descended the pathway leading to.the insecure bridge, be found his way obstructed by an old.;woman who had seated herself upon the narrow cause way and" H A R R Y A B B W ' CHAPTER V.UNACCOUNT ABLE PHENOMENON.!as a pleam of light remains I wish, to watch the shad- ;incident that occurred at Glenfall cottage, Mr. Arden7"" The death of Mr. Lindorf 7 Yes, Sir; the beggariela.te4thati but there was nothing very unusual in"such an occurrence. Men often retire in apparen;' was the thought tbatpaseed throngh Arden's mind, butt•.A tall, staring mansion, with a portico in front, sup- ported by maesive pillars, stood on the corner opposite the tavern, the trees had been removed from that spot j^lone, to display the handsome front of the new edi-.cannot tell; but still the knowledge of it is with me; and if you ask tbe people in Glenfall, tbey will tell you chosen it as least likely to be suspected. At all events, that old Betty Baine alwaysfnetelte that which comesr•J*.told. Remember and Oak for the New-York Ledger•.wild maturity, often treating their father with extreme tico* o the.tavexn. The stranger was a welcome sight really nothing is further from my intention than to do makindneae, which at times was bitterly resented—at to tnem, for many weeks h*« elapsed einoe a guest so."others,paseiveryborne. Scenesofwrathandvio- hadsoughttheshelteroftheirroof;andthisonewas "Stopit,then,anddon'tkeepdoingathiagforever, leiHe often occurred within the cottage, and the in- of such prepossessing appearance as promised some, and jet ?ay you have no intention of doing it. That's•The man breaks up my living, as one may say; though for the matter of that, my farm supports the Washing- ton, and I may say that we take boarders more forwi» enable me to do itjastice.J^ jg *;••when I toldhim. you would come after him, he promised At length the old man died, and the sons quarreled His eyes were darx7 fall and expressive, and the to stay h*re—BO there now.";ing his portfolio under his arm.He paused many times in hia walk to note the pic- turesque turnsin the brook which rushed with noisy brawl to ward its bourne. The mists soon rolled away, and the hills were sharply defined in the morning air, theirpurpleshadowscontrasting with tbe brightness of the sparkling stream which broke into foam at their ba*e. He at leffgth came to a rustic bridge which spanned the stream just below the fall; thisseemod scoicelysafetopass,butheventuredover,andby stepping carefully, reached the other side ia safety. Arden had loitered so long upon the road that the sun wos Bhinng brightly over the decayed roof of Glen- fall cottage when be entered the enclosure that sur- rounded it. The story he had heard gave this yard a terrible attraction to him. He trod slowly through it, and endeavored, in imagination, to follow the path ofthe brethren who bad clutched each other in that fearful death-struggle, seeking to picture the scene vividly be- fore his mind, that he might reproduce it with thehis purpose to pass,tbe coming night at.|the haunted home; and a cot bedstead, his artist's chair, and a small table were conveyed to the room yfith the bay window, together with a lampaud bis painting materi- als. Old Jeny assisted Arden to arrange them, bat no inducementcouldbeofferedbimtoremainafterthosun htd sunk over the western hills. The cheerful light of that luminary seemed to tbe beggar a tacit defiance of the malice oi the house fiends wno avadod themBotvce of the night and darkness towork out their evil pur-poses;and,withmany msgiviagB,Jerryleftthe courageous stranger alone.Arden walked about the yard until the atara were flittering in myriads in the cloudless azure of the eavens, aud thought that night had noyor been so lovely before. He was reluctant to reenter the house, though he felt no dread of ite unearthly inmates—ana he believed he had taken every precaution against tho intrusion of more RubBtantiol ones, by placing strong fastenings on the door leading from the room ho in-tended to-occupy. • •At length he remembered that he must write to hiscousin that night, that his letter might be sent on the morrow; for, m that secluded place, the mail was only sent out twice in the comae of the week T lis cousin was the only near friend that he claimed on earth; the two young men hud been reared by a bachelor uncle,ing of conttmpt for those who had thus oitempted to play upon his fears, and an emotion of self gratulation that he bad been deaf to them all, for tne scene onwhich his ejes rested, bathed in the ctoar hgbtof morning, was one calculated to fill hia artist soul with, delight."With wrapt vision the eye of Arden rov.td over the auiet valley and followed the graceful undulations of je rising mist as it slowly swept upward from the hillsides like clouds of inconte to the god oi'day. The birdswerofillingtheairwiththeirmeloiy.andthe deep undertone of the falling water fori led a fit an- them for the heavenly morning on wlncn the artiatgazed.The impulse to sketch the scene seized !iim, and heturned rapidly toward his table. Drawing it forward • to the right position he was about to take up his port- folio, when something he saw there caused am toetart back and change color. Upon the open litter he had loft there the night before lay a strip of paper on which a few lines wero scrawled in an aim wt illegible hand. With etrange perplexity Arden lifted it, and read this warning:—" You thought yourself safe, because bol is-dafended your door, and the only accessible window overhangs u precipice. How easily I mi^ht have kiled yoaae you slept! but I forbore from consideratioi *a for your youth and daring. I command you to loav-1 this house forthwith,andifyouvalueliftorpeaceo:'mind,you will obey; a second time be at my mercy, a id you will not ao lightly escape." .There was no signature, and Arden examined the writing in a state of tremulons excitemert-he woold nothave caredtoacknowledge. Aferallhiaprecau-- UonBhudhereallylainatthemercyofanocturaalvis- itor, who might boactuatod by motives of deadly hos- tilitytowardtheboldTuvadcrofbishaunt*drealm.A. 1». A,—The val mortal Washingtc- o'clock a. m., at U u J procestion under G. 9 Ith-av., 23d-*t.. l*'.-d~ thePariL. B/oaa* ov, I Union-i<iuareandL>«\Jou» Rjcin, Sec. o^C e u r t a h l p a n d brated men. Will b |•JaATHEW HAI.K Chatham-st.onMl>?l in aid of the fund< off 25 cents._ S~.LJTh© T h i r r > - t b l r | -will be h«ld m-taeTM tbe 2d day of M.^cl eameatly invited.I m p o r t a n t P h o intwosted in the bea-. «ue^ted Xo' mee: *t TVESDA Y EVEN adder the be«t uiocr c fraud upon the Phou progzeu of thii ';v-iJAtkinxofA unique prf|v^ral decay, aud impa; uul lip*.For aale at Rl'SI cornerCanalandU|For aS diaeai*.-. <M iarrhal Atlcctiot.... k | way, Baxolay, Mixd CJTbird-av. Sai INTEREST AH-Of •ams from $1 to MONDAY,VVEDXjiVom 6 to a o'cU*K. S. S. CUILI>» .-<c|Corumittt UAY; the^'Jthiu-tiea having !«unlesswithout futth* further u itijT»eir pepulanty 0*e for oer^ in<[ t!\* c the scad* and rp;-Uij^tihM*9ti•"---w- •'-••••-'0$g' 'm0 • • *mWithers for interfering with us, and them that stops withuB." !terranean depths which might conceal a deadly foe,KE1 JOB, E S S . C J tsvoUUbodoatbe dt-pv •k&Sporaxuuxm, pc§uy?TJHLIS KEY. ^ s u -v*,-.;-places being haunted by the living for purposes of their own."" In that case, you might ran a greater risk than ifa gleamof malicious intelligence in her deep-set eyes which showed that old and worn as she seemed, the mind within atiU retained all the vital power it had J ever poetested. Her dress was of deep blue calico,thrown, contrastrng strangely with the silvery hair and wiibeied'fnceitshade'd. \ jitwasspeedilyputtoflight-bytheshrill,crackedvoice of the woman, saying;"Are you the conceited youngster who expects to be allowed to sleep in peace, up at the cot yonder?•-- ....••'•-•*We'health,andarefounddeadtaenextmorning."" But that is not yet the last. Old Jerry has beenaway from this neighborhood for the last year, aud in-«-."ietiala than the dwelling; and they hid fallen utterlyto decay, lying in gray masses upon the earth, half your fate never be like theirs."After a few moments, he slowly raised his hand until it was fixed above thefchoulderof the absorb* >dreader; then making a swift plunge, he seized the papers, tri- umphantly held them aloft-, and waved them above his head. The old man started up, and a fiero 5 struggle\ eneued—no Bound was ut-ered, though the 1 ips of tae> two moved as if they were bitterly reviling e ich other. Tbe robber bore off the papers, leaving his father, for such tbe resemblance between the two proclaimed, him. to be, lying stunned and bruised upon thefl< «r.Arden dimly eaw two other figures flitting around tbe old man who seemed to raise him up anc endeavo • to restore him to consciousness; but his viek n seemed to be violently turned from them and compelled ta fol-IIi'r-.1•*«r* >*?.'.,^as..*»' »*'-*""•<».<*I am very hungry and'thirsty, my friends; can; I have milk and eggs servedjto menere under the trees,ghoetsand goblins actually beset it," said W'thers,with much earnestness. " Are you aware of the las. andover her gray locks a stripof crimson merino was'1 ended sol>ad for &eyounger sons, a man of^fifty, wriiS V a a white as snow, an^ a face full of bad pasuona, fevidence of the refined tastes and luxurious habits ofPur »^i«e*-f»> r o«JghboT mine—B« •—» Of OUTlonger am surprooa T f l I t M _have proved tho contrary to.me." Ah, sir, where can a human go that he does notcarry evil wit!* him, as. our; preacher says. Envy—- oh. no feir, I shan't plead guilty to no such mean thing. I don't *nv.y ^ohn Withers; .'but somehow he is always interfering with me. As Boon as I get an interestingdetermined him to remain and dare all thej goblins " I chanced to meet an old beggar as I came hither, could do,, until he had perpetuated the soene on can-" Since I httve been here I have been asked many times if I can tako daguerreotypes; and it hae ofcurrei to me, that by giving a few hours everyday to that branch of aft I can pay my expenses, and still reservet . Cnp^d'* Speeial Session. y*yBtftn>sth^fOT©>*or*jH»t •the ploce. To speak the truth, his narrative oaly stim-:Opposite to this was a room of large size, octagon in shape, and lighted from above by .a;glass dome.Mysolf, on Una « » « > « « ,.And FiJ* my Dtaaaxatton.J>ve an attachment for JOT, t«Oi A»fnland a -wong o«»V 'O,yfaiaTO*othePreeeevdel BarkiRbe »km«©r»etSo sccwHag baflMf h"k» behind* H W b e a precious noddy,W ho» fcfH*t to Aires*the xafad, B h o a t t f o a n e t a h o t b o B o d v .mthesamehous^. Let me hear «H you can teU about pressing invitation to him tb change his quarters to his I ^ W e l L twenty years after the sarimmage tha*. house, and stay as long a s h e makes himself agreeable.mort effective picture, and if I sUy upot the spot, I occupied by caeeefor books andpaintings, A few of the very beet quality, and such materials as | may may chance to gain inspiration from the locaniy, which the latter, mildewed and rotting from their: frames, need.>«ould»'t servo a Oap4s#—»o— V« scornsobasea*A«tSo»I©,*o»o<i«Qmeofyea*yoaib» jtiAtuxnawaydemurefri, r 0 1 te For,tbonfb yW» **JX " *X«t*» lww« tk* CkMnSIhVM Iall that could be said a<m it, he went there to live."" And the child ? Was she willing to stay in a-placeyou Ithallnot take up my quarters with him."" I'm glad to hear you say that" said the old wo- man; " but I really don't think that Mr. Withers hasVOmIs foMSsbed o s the ce.ptmill, U*15flper*=r.nBviThe T entli W a r d •wiflxae«tr*iNo.U8 fac«i tatt., M "l\ o'clock. A A Ward Is requested.C. 0. OvjraiACRX, .*<* "Twelfth Ward Itmrxtemt will be held o;o 'clock, at Fsrringtes' s new of importance w::l ben a*e eara««UY r*«j •***Byorder, "WrixiJi* E. PABOK,eAt a meeting of (u. CAN CAMPAIGNCLU 1860, at tbe XiVtb Ware Gr«nd-«t., JOSEPH II. beis having signed tb» r< appointed to report at r,l thn government of tho (RfoUed. Thit tbe O* to meetwttbusatta>-c *ehre»*» members.Ht.oUxd, That the pr< Tbe SewY ork Tribon Retolced, That w e totthe same place.Ju BawuxTT, SecretsE i g h t e e n t h W a r mitteo of tbe .Republic: ott held THIS (Moud XJrchnei's, No. 211 id-JSTSB FO:?DA, Secret Nineteenth W o nmittee.—A meeting of \ daj) EVEJN1JSO, l-.b. 3d-«v.Vt'iuLixn DuryT uu ASA FOOTX.A. Heaular jHeeti T10N oftbe XXlst W No. 435 4th-av. Bepcbj axe requested to e«*:.d.JOHK WEBBEB, fr«ci(for th. wffi deliver hex eel " XHE HZ JLTBEV.E. H.CHATickets, 3S cents; S> ai Carter's, and Francs eburoh.Purenaseri of RRSE bey retain) beariLiJc tbi PHOIO<«i*tbe Lect&rvx.~Jttr-X.BC.8Idd: jROOK-AJdME/or thtMonday Morning—•' Monday 3Cyiin;—* Taesday Evening—'"Wednesday Mora; og 'Wednesday Kveuuig Tbuzsday MornhiK— Thontday Evenui.— Friday liTening-<- 5 Batoxday Mormns - 'A m e r i c a n Insvtiti ef the Jnstitnte, ccnu Feb. 20, at noon. Sjttb Praning," " Seede, VU acre always ospecishy iTkeBev.W.E. tar* tbe YoungMen'si CburdLonM.OK DAY teot: "Tb*Stumpand B. T. 3URJSHAJ4, Kx HAM, t^ectnre CODMBNexioe.—Ibe S i CLETV will boid s. Q the 2Utfi, and •anil r.< I WUJJUSTT of Pnliad'3 "GRACEiAt tbe ite TUES now ready and fc J?ranci«'s, r«o.; atoro; also at the CanDrugs for Casl find my stock.of sh <o «nd complete. Pr-.o* booses. Sales for not P. D: ORVIS, No. i Fl«tcliei-it., ISew-i OJ_Ora.tien!!—WiwI NEWMAN will proa CbriitLan Lyceum, aa iagton's Birth Day. o: 32, at tbe First BapdiSubject; " WSJUDoors open at 7 e'ei Tickets for sale at t |ROMAN-C. Tbe recent acciiien 31st and52d-tt*.,wb koof, compels tb* Ma and aohcit tbe me'a 'wbicb will render it aheltezs and -prou-dition ate no more tb aaknee, tbe disaste: oJ Staters of Charity snff tasaing situation. FJ even in exigencies faJSate with certaintv ul ever tbe clatms c/ tij seed, and stretch c:withheld.Subacriptiona m^yl Mother E L I Z A b b f FRANCES, AsyUun-i nrer,No.138Bo»nj^ .Bo»l»*njo-aWay1»W*Q1,wlfo^• A»«i i—yoiar faiUjfu) )OT«y—B* TebtAt of jour bewrt for LiT«, With no Kwiafodkir (r»«>r iow a deepening over the hill sides and settling in the valley.".'' Wbata capital figure for one of Macbeth's witches,"f H B L O S T r>BliI>S;AM OU>-yA8HK)XEa) LOV£ 8T0KY.BY MRS. AHKA YOC7TC.CHAPTER LTT*X 03-D RCIS—A VXATUfVL KI^TORY.JL to»veller panaed on the outskirts of a picturesque MRage to sorrey ita romantic mrrrotaxdingB, -with the•ye of an ttrtiet aaxi the heart of a poet.The little hamlet "was nestled away in a secludedTkook hciam«d in by high hills, on -which gleams of the Jading sunset still lingered.way/'"And has no one heard from her since 1"" Not for a long tine. For a while, letters came to ©Id Miss Biggins, saying she was at school UCUT her. brother, and was well contented; but they came sel- domer and seldomer, and now for four years they haven't had a word from her.""Bow long since she left GlenfaUlM" Nigh about six years."The painter musea a few momenta, and then said:" The sudden death of Mr. Lihdori was quite natural—men often die in a Jit, and such an incident should not prevent any one from inhabiting that lovely spot.they were sayiDg. !At length the broad questions were asked:"What is your name, young man—and what may your occupation be when you are at horns 1"This aroused Mm from his reverie, and he replied: "My name is Harry Ajrden, and I am a dabbler inpaint."" A painter, well that is lucky," said Mrs. Higgine." I was jest wanting the (winder shetters to our house sdoBe over; the green aintnigh so pretty as it was. Ef you staywith us long enough,. Mr. Arden, you can getthe job, and pay your way at the same time."Arden laughed."Excuse me, ma'am, but you make a slight mistake.I am not a house-painterj but an artist; I shall have no objection to take theportraits of yourself and Mr. Hig- giis, as I saw you sitting here as I came toward your house; but I could not undertake the other com- mission." .1some one to accompany him and aid him in the soarch; but I was absent, and the people about here refused tofaturehfe." • |'These. words were uttered with a volubility tnatdefied interruption, even if Arden had desired to offer4*wanted it kept from her, and nobody would be so is meddlesome with our travellers. Glenfall is cele-Weariedbytheexertionsoftheday,Ardenatlength threw himself upon his bed, and for several hon rs slept, heavily. He left his lamp burning, and his lett ar openxutobrated far and wide for its good health and fine air."" A quibbling old pair," thought the youth. " How delightfully verdant they must be!" He taen spokestitious, and what hae been related to me concerning cepting hiin, and he paused to survey her with a sortthe cottage rather stimulates my curiosity and increases of wonder at her extreme homeliness. She waa wrin-my desire to gain possession of it. I have heard of lied, too bless, and altogether repulsive; yet there was J <n the table; for in spite of the efforts made to intimi-- • irhouse. May be you'd like to hear ^at^tooTMBy all means; it is rare to have twolwwrors * ^ ^ boarder, who shall come along but Withers, with aulated my desire to gain nosseBoionof the ruin. ^Thedeath struggle he graphically described would make a The alternate panels in the walls hod evidently been my taste. Bring me an instrument for taking t Jem, of»< teruel as to tellthe young creetur about the murdered brothers wheii they found'she had to live there. W ell, old Lindorf went there sure enough, and he waoften seen walking around the yard, exactly in thetrack the brothers took in their death struggle. Hisface seemed to grow darker every day,'and at las:strange suspicions began to be whispered that he with such, other food as is already pre pared 1 As longknew more about it than any one else." ••;."'Did. any one act on those suspicions ?'' •" Just as some of the folks had made up their mtndithat tomething was wrong, and the matter ought tobelookedinto,Lindorfwasfoundonemorningdead" remarkedMrB.Bjgghw VYoucanhaveatablehere in his bed; some said remorse of consciencekilled with your supper In a few [minutes. I-will see after iti•I many hours of leisure for pursuits more congenial to 1Ttorough the glen, brawled a clear, rapid stream, The retirement and beauty of the place are what I have long been seeking, and I am really tempted towhose waters broke into foam over va*t boulders of *ock, which obstructedtheir oouxse, until they reached a.fail of about twenty feet in height; from the foot ofdispute possession with the bats and owls."The beggar peered at hiin with an expression of in-head struck him senseless, and if I had not returned home in the nick of time, he would probably haveam on my way now to the village to make my final ar- rangements to take possession ox the ruin." jibis the rivulet moved on smoothly and quietly. Half yourself. It's the common belief tnat the p'•No—I came here to step yon, and you may jest " Oh, afigger painter; and that's all!" exclaimed died there. When I heard • of what he had ventured stand there till I'm ready to move and lot1 you over.» mile below th© fall, scattered along the banks of thestream, lay the village; above it, was the sp:>t whichmost attracted the artistic eye of the stranger. Thisgiven over to an evil demon? and that nobody can atay there without either dying theirsclves or be- ing accused of biinging about the death of some oneto do, and that he was still invisible at mid-day, I tooka man with me and went to look after him. I found would like to know what has put it in your head to-was a Norman-French cottage, built of the stone foend else."» abundance hvtbe valley, but the rough walla were The listener laughed. •bim covered with blood, and still insensible. I had him conveyed to my house, an l we nursed him until he recovsred." ' , " ' . .risk your life in that old tumble-down place yonder, when there is a good tavern in Glenfall, kept by suchthat formed a picturesque background for the lonely and ceserted home, over which wealth and taote had ervidentry once presided.Fruit trees, grass and flowers, grew around the ruinYou see I am an artist, old man, and I can easily find accommodations for myself ana my easel in that old ruin, in such delicious weather as we have at present."so entirelv out of my line."" Pboo"^ young man; anybody that can paint a man,can paint a plain piece of plank of a solid color," here remarked Mr. Higgins, 'j'but I know the difference be- tween you picter-painters and the others. You'd bet- ter let him alone, old woman, or he'll get affronted and" That would be about as venturesome as this other folly," coolly replied the woman: " for the |rocks are covered with mosSj which ia slippery as the path of life, and you'd be likely to lmocfc out the few brains nature gave you on some of these jagged points, whioh have run red with blood before to-day. Are you tired of life, young man, that you wish to risklifer nothing but the gratifica'iou of a whim 7"eoaa^ealed by the high grass that grew around them. »The young man paused upon the edge of the stream, and gazed around in increasing wonder that a spot for fj» ~. which nature had done ao much should be deserted by"Not much danger of that," was the cheerful re- spox.Be, as he leaned against the trunk of an aged tree. and drank in all the beauty of the balmy evening, ana the picturesque scene before him. On the western side a rift in the hills permitted gleams of the golden sun-mined not to find Mr. Withers irresistible,, even if hethink of restinn beneath the roof haunted by the fell avengers of blood. Young man, you may not believe in the supenatnral; but I bidyou beware of again en- tering the Lennox cottage, ii you wish to take away from this valley the light heart and untarnished name with which you entered it.""Tush, old woman! Seek some more credulous person on whom you mayimp^ee by this pretence of will endeavor to ascertain why they come back to try .second sight. I give no heed to warnings of such atheir strength on those who have never harmed them. nature. Lot me pa*«s 1 I have heard enough!"There is some hidden mystery about the place, and You won't believe me, then." she said, witha youreay be 8are that such results as we have heard weary desperation in her voice, "You will go on therelated but now are produced by people as real as path of danger, though you are warned of the fatal of theMS*.:m*n. Be removed his hat, and permitted the bland set to penetrate the valley and light up the little patch ... air oi evening to wander through d*rk, silky curls, of "desolation at tneir base. The nouse was crowned" Tbcre would be no excitement in not being there The person who now approached was a short, thick- at the 'witching time o' night.'- I am desirous ofthat shaded a high, tmooth brow, on which twenty-three summers had left no trace of care or sorrow. It was a bright hopeful fiue, fall of the joy of youth—the golden anticipations of a h&ppy and prosperous future —yet in the flexible lips, in the deep eyea, was read awith a dome, and the glass wh:ch remained unbroken caught the ruddy glow and aefiected it back in hues of fire. rA t length the purple shadows of evening gatheredset man, with sandy hair and whiskers, and a cunning expression of face. His dress was of fine material, i nd arranged with some pretension to elegance, thoughBeeing and hearing these goblins, for myself; and Iteaajtive nature, which might be wrought even o mad-Axet o overlook his Woxx, an old man, who seemed re- ducedtothelaststagesofpoverty.Hispatched clothing, batteied hat, and sdbdued expression, at ecceproclaimedhimoneoftheun/ortanatesofearth— *>human being fallen into the dreariness of oldage,without fortune or friends.* You are correct," replied the youth, " and Ishould hie to know why so beautiful a spot is given up to decay and desolation VNear the centre of the village two immense oaksspread their gnarled branches over a large log house,gethcr conceal, determined him to persist in his design yourevil prophecies?" * not come off conqueror.* The struggle was ended by keeper of his guest; for Mr. Withers felt the dullness a mystery really exiBted, he was by this time you; by no mortal's command did I come I have beon hia feeble body between tbe combatants. Again the** An' snre, sir, it'a everybody that ought to know The Washington House, as it was ambitiouslyTHEOLD CRONE'S W ARNING.in search of a clpe to the spot in which tie abstracted Arden laughed in scorn at this reply, and the crone deeds had been concealed, and a thrill of angry disap-how that place came to be left to fall away t > nothing. It's the wonder of the valley, an*- every child in it can tell you that a curse rests on that oil house. I'm a poor, beggar body, but it's the Bky I'd rather trust to Jor a co-vering tuan shelter myself under that roof.... ever there."" l a m curious to hear the story; pray begin at. oDce, and the history of the house shall win you your supper,©Ionian.".- Thus etim olated, .the beggar began a dipjointed story, which we prefer putting m our own worus.-Many, many years before, an English gentleman sought a home in the United States; leaving the more pvpttJbue portions of the country, he struck out in the Wett, Hid finally settled in the village of Glenf*il. He erected the cottage after a plan famished to thearchitect by liimself, and decorated it with paintings and other objects of art brought from his home in the<Kd World.Mr. Lennox was a man of gloomy and saturniney&rofvij and the three motherless lads who accom- paniedhimtohis newhomeseemed tohaveinheritedshook her finger menacingly toward him as she said:eldest claimed the chief portion by the taw of primo- mouth was permitted to show its mobile expression, £emtaxe which prevails ui his native land. Tne two though a. small mustache curled above a finely curvodHis defiant tone proved too much for Mr. Withers' politeness; with much heat he asked:s<rt^^wj^y^ ••»^h»*» * * y * ,«••>••• - -'-J-^ '•'• |W*Mrc-w«rj;*•JaiJsH VMM I 1WW 1mvp mfUf^sittmmtmm'.^'f"'^ jgjgg., ' : Ue,u«*tj<*B, a« no •Stempt l^ad ever -6»en made to «eB WM ,'iVl•when he had extracted nanatrveofthebeggar. *'Ino that the place was left to decay.""ButW s notallthatcanK ^ ^ t o r .etootlxr story almost as bad aa the first about the eiahae -theiaisfc of envy amid all*ite loveliness. I was once'reddoned .frith fratricidal tIoo4, and for"kmany vhi^ flta whole panorama of the fair valley was such rooted poeeession of your soul; for I know that thinking as I came along, that the evil passions of our vears the house has had the reputation of being haunt- ?V*arly viable, while) theeeaseless flow of the watera only in following up tbe natural bent of the mind can natureaftould^findnoplace!iasuohaspotasthis,vet ed Strangestoriesaretoldaboutflittinglightsborng belowaropeasananthemofmelodytotheear! Even happinessbofoxnd. Butyoumustrememlxt,dearseen through the windows on dark nights, and wi>;<t if. the artist had wavered 5n his resolve to occupy the Fred, that I never can believe in your finding Out the. tbestory to which I listened at the faUe above should cries h a v e W n heard that *eem wrung from one. in 'bou86i one glance fr°ro this window would have secret of Mining tbe baser in'iuls into gold.r the "s?ene, and 'thinking deeply on thelegend of over '*t was rather of a flashy order. He wore his hat set jauntily on the side of his head, and carried his thumbs ness by unmerited sufiexuig. The lights and shadows the viDagc of Glenfall, in search of lodging for the stuck in the arm holes of his vest, as he drew near" Has the old heathen really extracted such a pro- yourger sons denied the equity of such a claim in a upper lip,, which seemed capable of quivering either mise from you, sir 7"«8S SW«%m ;C W a i KEW^YOEK l » p f 7PEI^fNE» SA^OHD^ PEBKOARY 18, i860.There's J«.r«mortal extiemity." , ; .and be related to me the tragic story connected with • v a f s . • • • • ' : ' • • ' ' ' «> • • ' •'•''• '• • - "w«ametoGlenalLandstayedatthetaverntherewith companythanprofit. TheoldwomanandmeareAmg, BirramoBt daring man, for tho place is surelyunderaban. Everyattemp5thathasbeenmadetoin- thebroken-heartedoldmanwhohadbornethemfrom habitit,sincethe.deadlyaffrayofthebrothers,hasled hieEnglishhome to embellish theonehecreated for8eMHwsins andhis wife. Theydidn'tlikebislooks loncpome,becausewehave!uochildren tocometosee much,ML **7 wa mfehtfly„taken with a young gal us, and brighten us up, and we don't thank Johnhimself in tbe Now World. !After examining every nook, and finding nothing that seemed suspicious, no secret outlet loading to sub-termination was not influenced by his evident desire to fall, with hia mind filled with, stirring fancies, and prevent him from putting hia scheme into execution. half-defined projects.he had with him, that he called his darter. She was#njy twelve years old, but she was as pretty as a pic-tur an' had a mighty sweet way of talkm' to peoplethat come about her. The man called hisself Lindorf; " A pestilent fellow this Withers must be,".was the an' what does he do but go poking about the old house smiliDg reply of the young man as he threw himself there, and at last he went and had it cleaned out^ and imo a capacious seat and cast aside his hat; " but you had some furniture fixings nut in it. W ell, in spite of need have no fears of him on my account, for I assureto some evil to the person who made it. You had bet-ter give up the idea, Mr. Arden, and come to iriy house,where I can give.you more congenial employment inpainting aportrait of my daughter." \ 'Mr. Withers spoke very earnestly, but Arden 8 de- the younff man .slowly turned his steps toward Glen-; Twowi*h such ghastly associations connected with it 1"Oh,eheknowednothingaboutit. Theoldman everbroughtapestilenceh|ere,youngman,though,heoffer; but that will not interfere with my plan.adhere to it unless I can aee better cause for abandon- completely filled it up. It was evident to Arden that ingitthanhasyetbeengiven. Iamnotatallsuper- shehadplacedherselfthereforthepurposeofinter-ANmyself, because I like your looks." .Mis. Biggins bustled into the house, and soon re-turned, followed by a well-grown, red-armed girl,with hair cut short to her head, and her somewhat 14 She stayed in Glenfall until her brother, a college Ecanty garments of unimpeachable neatness. Shechap, was writtan to, aod came for her—that is, she brought a small table covered with a snowy napkin, sailed him brother—but they wasn't a bit alike, and I on which a palatable supper was soon spread. Whiledon't believe she was any kin to him. The lad was, he slowly enjoyed the repast,; tho stranger was con-dark, fiery looking, and mighty like old Lindorf; but scious that his host and hostess were incessantly talk-the gal was fair as the snow-drops, and quiet in her ing to him, though bis mind took little note of whathim, but most o' the people about here thought he h*yi put an end to hisself, so you see the old ruin, is doubly cursed."that time a new outrage has added, to the just horrorin which the old ruin ia held. It is my belief that if Havo YOU not been warned of tbe evil that always fol-" And what became of the young girl i"any spot of ground baa been given over to the Evil lows those who abide under that roof 7 Young man,One to work his will in, it is that old Lennox place. don't think that you know better than any one else, But to the story. About four months since, young and pextiat in thia mad scheme of yours, for I tell youLindorf returnedtoGlenfall,and ineiuted ouoccupy- thatifyondoyouwillrepentittotnelasthourofyourlife. I am a wise woman, aa the dullards call me; I ing, for a season, the room in which hia father died. can read the future, and I came here to warn you—toHiB object, I afterwarde learned, was to recover eomevaluable family papers which the old gentleman is be- turn you from this fatal path, for if you persist in lieved to have secreted there. He endeavoredto get walking on it, fatal it shall surely be to your wholeitnd of equal rights; the dispute grew so high that with passion or with glee, as suited the mood of its wows were exchanged; the orethren fonght around owner..she paternal hewth, till one Btained it with his heart's biojd; and, in place of being appalled at this catas- trophe, tne two survivors seemed only inflamed by it«o a more deadly &,(&*>> of ngu, against each other;able pants and strong walaing boots. A large slouched people oif Glenfall, we come foremost among the re- been unable to restore its original grace uud beauty to they rushed mto the open air and renewed the combat, hat of fine etiaw shaded his hair, which was of a pale spectable ones." ber offspring. The rugged roots grew above the sur-the object of each one seeming to bs to gain the edge brown, and curled in short r*ngs round his templ<aa. • of the Waff above which the cottage was built, and j Altogether, the artist was a very attractive lookingIhese words were so volubly uttered that Mr. With- rtfunding soil in many places, as if they had,- been at who had recently died, and left them, so for as thoy ersseemedslightlybewildored,andArdentookad- somefardistantperiodtornfnmitsprotectingem- knewtothecontrary,withoutanotherrelatlreinthe vantage of the brief pause to say— brace; and it needed little effort of the imagination to United States; distant cousins they claimed in England,'' I beg that there may be no misunderstanding on 6TC on this stunted tree afl the one which had sustained but no intercourse had ever been held with'thorn.'!.hurlhisantagonistupontherocksbelow.l a the struggle they gradually approached the brink;tbey grappled m a deadly embrace, and for many mo- ments it seemed as if the two would fall together and jfcare a common do>m in the waters below. Both weremen of powerful frame,and violea:passion*• neitherwouldyield; and^tbetemblescenewi«draw- ing to a close, when the elder, by a sudden enort of herculeanstrength,dashedhisbrotherfromhimwith hie right h*n i, and with his left grasped the body of aIperson,evenin|hisdustytravellingcostume, and this he knew very well, though he was by no means vain or inclined to self-conceit. .; * .yooog tree that grew near the edge of th« bluff. Thefallingmanshriekedashewentdown:".Th* curse of kindred blood shall follow you!" What be would have further aoid was drowned amidthe rushing waters; .his head came in contact with theagged surface of a rock, and he was instantly killed. "Blood from the wounds o t i t i s body tinged the color ef the foam as it broke over the fill, and t ins the . tream had gained its ominous name.The pleasing Impression madewas BurpriBed to find that efforts had recently been1 The murderer did not pause to lament the result of je evil passions. He hastily gathered together theHis dress was simple, and suited to the pedestrian tour he was evidently making. A loose linen blouaoChristian than you are any day. Keep your names toyourself, and don't forget when you come to the knotty tree, which looked as ifBome elfin hand hadtrees, might be mistaken for the first man'and woman windows tbe vieiv looks over the whole village." "Many thanks for your kindness, but as Ivou will find the continuation or the story :rom where- •s*ta »;*SB U»&««t{sstazsazsssz as TEE HEW-JTEW-Tfl 18 FUBUSH*r> EV^' (StuByHOR.A 'AHVSM Tarsmoe Bvn,T>;m n n , oi ted delivered to CHr &>!lobecrfbon, £6 perssac WBW-YOflA VERY LAXQK UwbOthod ever? SACTI M aouoPBo. in t4tyia*e*; *S; TenCopi4wf«c«J2«nr terser number *tth« Qeile* to rnddro- of **<£• nie «f *i ****£;;twentyorlaw*win a^ EMT7 eommenc* «* WT^•* "2£££££t.ta T* £jjlrBJB.WNKfortmt%-fBtoMufced^fVf•TerTr TtT^I o Copieialoud: Idate him, he was fearless of intrusion in that saclndod pot, and he bad no thought that any eye save', lis ownwould rest upon the lines he had traced. ,Beforelyingdown,beexamined thestrongboltshe had himeelf put upon the door, and saw that tb<sy were in place. The windows on the side of the r<K>m, by long misuse, were so firmly imbedded in their frame© thatitwasimpossibletomovethem; andthebay window, which let in air and light, overhung the stream in such a manner that anyone who attempted to enter the room through it would risk falliig upon the rocks below, and being dashed to pieces.Thus, in fancied security from intrusion, the .young- adventurer slept deeply for many hours. Nc dreams visited his pillow, but after the weary frame hjad sufii- cientlyretted,themind began to playstrangeantics, and the nervous sensibilities to shadow forth a weird vision which poeeessed all the vividness of reajity.Arden was conscious that he lay motionless up >n ms* couch, and saw by the flickering light of the expiring lamp a tall figure standing over him, and .waving his harid in a very mysterious manner over his brow. A. eensation of coolness appeared to follow these motions, and a species of dreary languor stole over bib senses. His body seemed- to lote its- mundane qualifa**, and- float away in space, with a sense of delicious enjoy- ment such as he imagined must be felt by disembodied spirits when first conscious of being freed from the- clog of mortality. Then he seemed to soar |upward, and look down into the desolate room, transformed into a temple of taste aud elegance. The w^Hs werecovered with gilded scroll work, enclosing medallions filled with pictures of sensuous beauty. The floor glowed with flowers of brilliant dyes, scattered over the pale azure groundwork of a rich c-trpet. Heavily carved furniture stood against the walk?, and in the deep recess of tbe curtained window eat „ iRighty,. bard-looking man; examining a bundle oi-.papers^ Upon his features was aa expression of glxnny ab- straction, and his thin lips were compressed wit" anr expression of iron determination.. His dress waa of the^. fashion of a past day, and bis gray hair was dra JVU back from the lofty brow and braided into x,cue be- hind. His coat waa of dark velvet, and ruffle a of deli- cate lace fell over his riender, aristocrati ^looking/ .' old man and me, gettin' our pieters painted. I'm sorry you can't undertake the; abetters, because that would " I shii'l be certain to di« when my time comes, suit me to a notch. | I've been after Higgins a long"And the blow7 Who inflicted that 7 A thing so kind people as Higgins and his wife." '-•• \real muet have been produced DY human agency. Was . " Perhaps 1shall not chooee to explain my reasonsSkbnoet hidden b ; the ivy that had overgrown them whether I am in that ruin or in my own lodgings in spell to have !em done over, but he wouldn't send for Areogh years of neglect and decay. A lew acres of town. As to the other I should never be afraid of a man from tne next town. Don't you think, now,yound wretched away over a level space, which ter- such an absurd charge being made against me. I yau could manage it for me•?"really think I •shall brave the goblins, for the view " I am really sorry that I cannot accommodate you, minated abruptly at the foot of the overhaiiging cliffc, from the portico will make an enchanting picture. ma'am; but seriously I cannot consent to do what isno clue to tho perpetrator found 7"" None. We raised a possee of men, and made dili-gent search among tae ruins, but we detected nothing wrong about them. The only conclusion was that supernatural power had been used against him."to you, as I can see no right that you have to demand' th< m. Will you move, or shall I cross the stream on bands. On the left one was worn a ring containing a" Well, itranger, I jest think that if you do stay in GlenJall cottage, you will be mighty fool-hardy, that'8Suddenly a figure, whose entrance he hac not ob- * served can e gliamgover the floor with noiseless tread,; he drew near the reader, and looked over hia shoulder. As he thus leaned forward, hia dark, strongly marked features seemed to glow with malignant passion. The new comer was a young man of powerful frame, andV his dress was of a different era from that worn by them wanton profusion; and the tottering portico seemedeoly upheld by the tenacious fibres of the ivy, which all;" and the beggar arose and prepared to nobble go to Withcr's at ence. As 1 live, there he come's now, ebuiced themselves around its pillars, and hung In large away with the aid of a stick. Thet joung man took to ece who we've got here. Remember your promise,-wreaths from its mouldering cornice.The outhouses-had been built of less substantial ma-out a silver coin, and offering it to him, said: " I shall not try it t>nigbt., at all events-But whatMr. Arden, and don't bej coaxed away from us. With- ers, has a daughter, too, and she likes handsome beaux to flirt with, sure. Better keep away; from Miss Dora."r*to my allegiance to the Waah- " Do not be uneasy aertodid yon say waa the name of the brethren 7""Many thanks, sir, for the old man's supper, which this will pay for. Their.name was Lennox, and may" People that come here often have the same whim,"Mrs. Biggina, wilb an expression«of disappoiutoient. " I vally thin/s according to their use, Mr. Arden; and I don't see no' sense in ^two ugly old people, like myYou look like a sensible kmd of man enough, and Ihas a pietty daughteras anally." • .i » —CHAPTER IH..ASOTHER 8TBAKGE OUTRAGE AT THE RUIN." No more a heathen than yourself, John Withers,"exclaimed Mrs. Higgins. "My old man is a better power of a masteriThere grew near the edge of the bluff a knarled and belted to big waist showed beneath it a pair of service- Washington, that, if you and Mies Dora is tbe ganutl twisted it out of shape in. its infaicy, and nature htdmy account, as it|is not my intention to remain witb. the elder brother while he hurled the younger to de- Bis arrival had already been heralded by the old bog- either of you. Mr. Higgins misunderstood my pledge struction upon the rocka below.By the dim light of the single lamp, the large room looked dreary and desolate enough; but Arden soon turnedhiethoughtscompletelyfromhia surroundings,. .the oldplace, the young artist walked slowly toward night.CHAPTER ILAN OPPORTUNITY REJECTED.The village of Glenfall consisted of a straggling col- ection of frame buildings, scattered along at the baseThe artist looked around, and saw perched upon a century'8 growth, which were scattered at intervals village, and at once came forth to ascertain as much your friend comes. It will be safer, and better for a,moment before doing BO, and disdainfully said: door of the room with an expression of ma ignant .tri-which would render the house a desirable place of ren- dezvous for those engaged in it 7"Mr. Withers exclaimed^—"Absurd! in this quiet nook J How can you im- agine such a thing among a people remarkable for taeir simplicity iand rectitude of life!"Beyondthisthevisionseemedbroken inioconfused fragments. He waa conscious of a violent eSort on hi* I have made up my mind to try the experiment of in- to pass. Now take or refuse the warning, as you may own part to discover in what spo^ the pur! diner coa- possible to describe, and most incongruous in effect. habiting the cottage. I will look at it to-morrow, and think beet." ceoled the papers, but his stalwart form s ;emed sud- * Buxe. an' you be making a pictur of the houae by ures filled with shrubs, grass and flowers. A wide From the window of his own sanctum, Mr. Withers write to my friend to join me aa soon as possible." As she finished speaking, she arose slowly, moved to denly to fade into dimness, and the dreamer only be- the Bloody Bun, youngster .'" common slope toward the stream, shaded by trees of a had observed the entrajnee of a stranger in the quiet " I would advise you to remain here, then, until one side, and made way for Arden to pass. He paused held him again with distinctness as he issued from thela the Dictate before him, tne gorgeous autumn livery •f the lore*t trees, the silvery flo w of the waters in the brook, filled the painter's eoul with a sense of beauty wh-ch awked to be perpetuated. He took from hit pock et pencil and paper, and made a rapid and masterly •ketch, to be enlarged and colored when the means were at his command.with a strut and swagger, which proclaimed his ideas cf bis own consequence.faith to. my parting words. If you pereistiri occupying the haunted house, you will either never leave it alive, or you will carry with you from its walls a miserable sorrow, which will cling to you to the last hour of.your life ! You will mockingly ask me how I know this. IBy some incomprehensible pOwer, withm it... volition of his own, he passed in spirit from that roox i to the oc- tagon one, and saw the dark-browed man <agerly ex- amine the records he had so violently appropriated, and then search for a safe spot in which to conceal them.' Suddenly a voice spoke immediately above him, and, wiifi a strong nasal accent, said: -of the hills, which completely girdledthis retired nook. fice. It was of a composite order of architecture im- The most of the dwellings were surrounded by inclo-fragment of a rock, sufficiently elevated to enable him along its margin.concerning him as might be gathered. That he was many reasons." " I t seems very singular to me that such efforts are umph on hie face.young, handsome, and refined in appearance, he saw, Arden glanced at the speaker, and the slight per- made to prevent me from following up this fancy of He was met there by hia two brethren, t nd again a andifhismannerscorrespondedxwitb.hisoutwa.ru turbationofmanner,whiohWitherecouldnotalto-^ mine.Whosentyontowaylaymethus,andproclaim fiercepantomimewasacted,inwhichthisdmehedidgar,whowassnnglyensconcedinthekitchen,partak- nottoacceptaninvitation from you, Mr.Withers,if Ardensatdownunderitsshade,andarrangeda1!theing of the supper the bounty of the stranger had ena- you should prove. 80 kind as to tf-nder me one; it in- details of the picture he intended to paint, fie made abledaimtoorder. Mr.Higginsputonhidspectacles, volvednopromisetoremainaftertx^nightattheWash- elightpencilsketchof the sjene,and thenproceeded andfixedthem upon tbe page before-himv Withathat be might take a satisfactory survey of the young- ington, lam ant artist by profession, and I have al-manashe'cametowardthem,andtheoldladysoonrapid band he wrote. After giving an accountof the oinspectthehou?e. Thishefoundinabetterstateof oldruin,thesuperstitiousfear.withwhichitwasre-preservation than he bad been led to expect; aud lieready seleoted a locality in the neighborhood, from which to sketch »he surrounding scenery to advantage.garded, and fiia own sohome, ccc, he said:The above ia all of this atory that will be publishedgo with him, so Lindorf went up alone. His search it; but he wi-hed to hear all she had placed-herself induring the day waa unsuccessful,, and he sent down to his path to pay, and juage forhimself of its worth. Hethe village for wine,provisions and a lamp resolute to remain through the night, in the silly belief that the oldjnan might come to hhn during its watcnes, and re veal tbe hiding place of the papers he was so anxious14 And were hia hopes gratified ?" asked Arden, withcottage, I must Btill periet in my original intention. I ^ Nonsense! how should they be 7 Lmdorf waa am aceptical aa to your power to read future events, pretty wtll tired out, and at List fell asleep. The for the religion which has been a part of my educationsequel to the affair was, that he came very near never togcne8 me that to God alone is known the course of waking in this world' again. A severe blow upon hia e^iits, and their issue. Pray arise, and let me pass—Ia grave face. .Sfcfe&$ m& w"v>C-Btill occupied the place assigned them by hands long- " I have made the acquaintance of the most import- "YouwouldbeadolingjUntoattemptsucb^a sincemoulderedintodust;whiletheyremainedasaa antmaninthevillage,whohasexpressedadesirethatI should paint the poitr-dt of his daughter. I h xve not seentheyounglady,butthefatherisnotexittlyto mytaste. Hehasbeen thearchitect of his o#n for- tune, and it seems strange to me that a practiced man of the world gbould profess to sh*rethe commoi -jwiper-ftition of the country people with regard to this house being haunted. There is some game going on here. I shall write no more, as I expect yOu as goon aa you can pack up and join me. Truly yours,' 'I muetquietly replied: I" I appreciate your kindness, good woman, in try- ing to Bave me from the consequences of a rash deter- mination;, but unless you can give me some gojod reason why I should not become the occupant of the Lennoxthe rocks below 7" Tired of bfe! no indeed; mine is full of hope forlarge diamond of singular lnster, and, as the isnd thai bore it moved nervously among the papers, the' dream- er particularly noticed tbe antique setting of life sto.ie. It was a wide circlet of massive.gold, on whish «. wreath of forget-me-nots were exquisitely enameled." That seems to me an absurd conclusion when theman waa seriously injured by something so tangible asa blow. 1 really think, Mr. Withers, that I shall at-tempt to rescue (jlenfa1! cottage from its weird reputa-tion. I have a friend who will join me there, and I thinkI shall certainly lemainuntil leave completed a series ofdrawings I contemplate making from tnat spot. I invite you and Mr. Higgine to visit me there, and see tbe future, and enjoyment in the present. Look at mywhat progress I shall make in my undertaking. My elastic frame, my healthy cheek, and hearken to mr elder one; it was also of coarser texture and more wants are simple and easily supplied, and if, my good cheerful voice. Do any of these bear witness to weari-landlady here will undertake to furnish me with a ness of that great boon—life 7" slovenly make, and his dark hair was cut short to hia basket of cold provisions every day, I will come "You've a sound body, tenanted by a very unsound head.iDgton," said Arden, laughmg. " I am predeter- down for them myself and report abeut the doings of mind, then," retorted tbe crone, " or you would neverthe gobb'ns.""Dear me, Mr. Arden," said Mrs. Higgins, " You'dbetter stop long o' us at nights, and only face the ghosts in the daytime. It's a mighty great ventur' you're making to stay up there by yourself."either of ue? Ia any illicit trade earned on about here consequence?. Now listen to me, and ifyou can, give low the movements of the elder brother.-way;" From it8 very seclusion designing men may havewhitewashed ontheoutside,and adornedwith doors bearing, be intendedagainto deprive the tavern- oftakingpossessionofthecottageinthemorning. If 'iThespirit;thatisvdthinmewarnedmetocometo thep*le father tottering among them an1throwingAs the village great man grew near, he removed his called, was neither very extensive nor much given to j hat, and courteously inclined his head to the new-The young artict arose with his determination un-changed. A night's reflection had only strengthened • *<*The foolish eeeth not his own folly,' was saidpointment passed through him at each faHui«.A sudden blow was then dealt upon t le side of hia head, and the dreamer la? in utter unconsci lusnees formany hours afterward. Wnen he at last aioused him- eelf from this condition, the sun waa shk ing cheer- fully in the window, and on looking areIma he saw nochangeinanypartoftheroom. Therewasasin- gular aching dizziness about his he id, but this was in ameasurerelievedbybathingincoldwatei;heeasily accounted for that by supposing that his late exposure to the damft air rising from the waterfall, on the pre- vious night, had given him a slight cold.The vivid dream which had flitted through hia brain came back to him, and he half smiled asThe thought this was merely the result of the tales he had listenedentertaining guests. Occasionally a straggler came to this secluded spot, which no railroad had yet invaded, and the old couple who kept the house wel 3omed him most hoepitably, as much for the news he brought withhim from the outside world, as for the trifling sum he waschargedforhisboard.As he came with slow steps toward the village, the lingtrng twilight gave the young traveler an opportu- nity of observing all the details we have endeavored to set forth. Fre&h from the heat and turmoil of the city, his soul was filled with tbe quiet charm of the scene and the sweet influences of tbe hour. Hie resolution was taken to remain a season in Glenfall; and if prac- ticable, to become the tenant of the ruined cottage. He was singularly free from superstitious fears, and for several ieasons the very seclusion its evil reputation would ensure was its greatest recommendation.comer, while he taio what was meant for an aside:" A new arrival, eh Higgins 7 Came over on pur- his purpose to solve the mystery of the haunted house. long ago, and it is as true now us when it was firstpose to make Ins acquaintance. Nice looking yonng He sat beneath the old trees, and partoook of his uttered. Go—I deliver you over to tho mercy of tbe evil spirits who rule your fate. When they have dealtA venerable couple long patt nxiddleage,satbe-much of his own nature. Eney grew to reckless and neath the shadows of the trees, which served as a por- like this; he thmka I interfere with his business, thoughmates of Glenfd.ll gradually came to loek upon ice irt- habhan^s as outlaws agamst the peace and order of *beir village.thing to interest and tnliven them.The young man had an active, well proportioneda flat contradiction I am not smart enough to reconcile.As to this young man, you won't take him away, forfigure, and a strongly marked tnough pleasing face. over the accession to the property he had left. The massive brow rose like a dome xbove them. Hiafellow; found, out bis name by this time I dare say 7 breakfast, wondering within himself if he could ever with you I will look on you again, either in life or inIntroduce me."Higgins deliberately removed hie pipe from his lipe,and fluid— ! '"••'." Mr. Arden, this is John Withers, as I told you when 1 teen him coming over here. He aint much to!introduce you to, but he wants to know you, that hemay kee J me out jof the few dollars you might pay me,pleasant talk to \ hisself and his lovely darter, Miss refused to listen to any further remonstrance, and at the warnings heliad received than thcyj perhaps de-by taking you over to bis houae, and having all yourhim from attempting to viait the cottage; but he gailylast left them to pursue bis way up the valley, carry- tavern-keeper and hi8 wife, Arden remained firm to to concerning the cottage. He began to indulge a feel-Sd Meat Rev. A * Very Rev. VMThe fclcn. Jof F. Grurid. tsoj Hugh Kehy• Tota...Doia." '4Really, really, Higgins, this is worse than ever," said Mr. Withers,* growing very red in the face. " Tne fact is, Mr. Arden, I love society of a kind not often found in a small town like this, and when respectable looking people come into the place, I sometimes take them into my poor house, and: endeavor to entertain them JIBwell as Ijcan. My good friend here doaa notserved.. In spite of the renewed remonstranoea of thedeath!" ,iShe hobbled away with the aid of a crutch, and the youngmanwentonhis.way,moreobstinatelydeter- mined than ever to follow out the plan which seemed Again Mr. Higgins and bis wifo would have renewed to arouse such opposition, Reckleee daring waa tho the discussion of the previous evening, and dissuaded leading trait in his character, and an utter disbelief in the supernatural gave him a more vivid contompt forgive a fair transcript of this lovely valley, with its charming contrasts, ite exquisite blending of grandeur and beauty.iagets.followed his example.SVVl . V . .. _ ^ - . J? .-onthem!was confirmed bythVcheerfulmanlyvoice AssoonaspossibleIshall makearrangementstotako mudetopreventiifromfallingentirelytodecay. Tne mybeaiitifulart for the most brilliantfortuneearth .ominnanceofitfromwhereitleavesofl'terecan be which greeted them: • '. ** A good evening to you, my friends; and may yon live to enjoy many that can soothe tbe heart and charmtheejeasthisdoea. Yourlittlevalleyisreally as beautiful as a nook of Eden, and you, in your pa- triarchal simplicity, seated beneath these magnificentpossession of it."| , pillars that supported the portico had been carefullyBoth his listeners looked disappointed. Withers propped, and a r ew bolt was found inside of the door. can offer; therefore you are welcome to the worldlyound only in the New-York Ledger, the great family I aper, to which the most popular writers in the couu- rycontribute,and which is for saleata1thestores hxoughout the city ano "country where papers arequickly asked— i"MayIaskwhat placeyonhavechosen,sir7 Myboueeis the highest in the village, and from the upperThe last he accounted for by supposing that young Lin- dorfbadplaceditthereasaprotectionagainstintrusion on the night of his nocturnal vigil, though from the account of Withers, it hid not answered the purpose intended.wealth which I once thought would be equally shared betweenUB.i>, — „ —^wmou Jorui«3un)(iiiau-uuuwuuiuu. •--many umnas lor your Kinonoss, out as 1. cameHenceforth you can pursue your investigations withoutregard to expenBe, and this ia best for u$both, after it leaves off here. If you cannot get a <opya; auy all. Ybu require this money to follow the only pursuit look-store, the publisher of the Lecger will mail youThe door unclosed without effort, and Arden entered vaooey arid other valuables belonging to his father, and lake up my residence there for a few weeks, until I hand. Neglect and damp had caused the paper hang-looking out serenely upon the world you had peopled down the glen I eaw a deserted cottage, overrun withand cultivated." you, sir, but my'f old woman ' and rvy, which will afford mo shelter. If possible, I will a square hall from which apartments opened on eitherin which you can find happiness; while I only needgood health, a light heart and a skillful hand to accom-plteb that for which nature designed me from my birth.copy if vou will send him five cents in a 1 etter.The Ledger is mailed to subscribers at $ i a year, or two copiei- for $3. Address your letter to Robertme does not ever expect to be elevated to such a'•Many thanks to you, sir, but my old woman and claknenuiapkomsyomreflsidtaednicaes .tfrhoemrenefiogrhaboferiwngwsepeokts,tounctoinl i-I ings to peel from the. walls, leaving only small frag-cfled before any legal action could oe taken against him.Pursuit proved unavailing. The murdered brethren honored position as that. Adam was the first man bme hereafter in ;apicture.'' T ments clinging here and there, to show that they hudOAL OIL—1Jk-ightfoi that no tenant was found willing to o;cnpy $, though any one migMhave$akenpowe)jeion withoutThe stranger half smiled, and good humoredly said:"I am sorry to find aj the ou. ^ that my parftdi^than ever, as he nervously said:" You are probably not aware, young man, that ame does not ever «*«*,.+ •« v- ~i—*ia-.* -t.- » -I-JI— * _i.v-_*__ - . .tV sole at.from the hand of God; but the first man in our townswere "buried in the same grave at the foot of the hills, isn't the old tavern-keeper, but the owner of the As Arden uttered this explanation, tho face of With- onco rcprcpcnted the island of Calypso, with its gor-and years of silent desolation brooded over the lonely shingfe palace over yonder, who daeant do nothing e>s underwent many singular changes. He lost much geous tropical scenery, and lovely nya phe.We bavo different paths assigned us, and we must act Bonner, publisher, No, 48 Ann-st., New-Y irk. I n *accordingly; my uncle felt thip, and BOmade the differ- tho handsomest and best family paper in tie, country, ence in our inheritance, which some o|f our friends elegantly illustrated, and <maracterited by a highthought so unjust. You know that I have not shared moral tone. Its present circulation is overfour hun-in this feeling, Fred, but felt glad that to youhadbcoa ] dred thousand, CODICS, which is the best erideace weko^se. The associations connected with it were so for a living." ° of his florid color, and then flashed to a deeper purpleThe rooms looked as if thoy had been recently Bwept, and there waa no accumulation of rubbish Buch as is usually found in defierted houses. A Jorge apart-curse reek upon tkat dreary spot, Its hearthstone waa .meat on the southern side had a bay window, from given the means of pursuing the chimera tiat aaB taken, t ean give of ite merits. Untitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069sist in guing tq the cottage; but no human voice sent me on the gieen path where you were to be found."turn to the doomed room—to roam around the walla"Fred, I would not exchange my passionate lovo of in our columns. Wo give this as a satiple. The" By. this time the business relative to the settlementof our uncle's eBtate is completed, and ybu have comeinto possession of the handsome fortune he left. <f March 3, which will be leady on Mondt y , and in it••*..v -....V'.-i, ,vi »'y,v<vvMJy 'A•CALIFORNIA, www.fultonhistory.com 