 sJdays ago, the Neapolitan Legation here in Paris•madly persisted in telling the world that the Sicil-ian insurrection was all over. The insanity of a refuge from death, and worse than death, at thetions of the French Legation here, that even the Gov- took to flight in all directions to avoid the effectsfM. theernment privately assured their friends of the certain shellj which did considerable damage about tbje i|?ortaand positive dispersion of at least one of Garibaldi's • di Mare and-the Grazia Vecchia, but fortunately with-In the House of Commons oh, the 24th, oft'-the mo* 1 don of Lord Palmerston, a committee of ten was ap- pointed to inspect the journals of the House of Lords: for any proceedings upon the rejection of thebill re-rV &&some American translator, Xa Torture e» Sicile by ^jter, the detaBB of his glorious trkmphal progress ,^i£r. La|Vareune. For Heaven's sake and human- ^ o m the, beach- of Marsala to tho streets of Pa- ity's sake, in spite of the devil; and Neapolitanmmlermo—all this you will better learn from other tyranny, let it be publishedVand read of all men. than Parisian sources. And yet I must write, of Considering the difference of circumstances, orSeptember massacres, and horrors of the French Garibaldi and Sicily, just because l a m your Paris Revolution of '92 and '93 were excusablearound. Garibaldi w i t h s t o o d of about 1,500 as fine The mysterious bark Chafles Truitt, which had been fellows as you, can welliinagmeirom twolooking iartjatEIVAI* OF TOBT^ JJPRICA.LDl IN PALERMO,i mA telegram frbta Palermo of the 23d May, at 10 p.m-y announces that Garibaldi's troops were impositionnear Palermo, and an attack was momen^rily ex-pected. Twenty thousand Neapolitans occupied thebights which"commanded the town for two miles than a reality—namely, the-landing m.,T$aifey of the Roia into the bargain. BuiGari- - ,baldis bold move was made without any previous or subsequent assent of France. The King and alltan reports of the progress of the Sicilian national movement are only and strietly comparable for logir cal sequence to the argument of the counsel for thecame to a second edition in the second week of its mild, but wise and unmovtd, behavior of the Tuscans some light brass field-pieces, buried since l8j49Ljbavepublication. M. Feydeau has a certain literary and Eniilians disconcerted the darling schemes of the been brought out, and found in good condition. j| Sev-trick, superior on the whole to the literary trick of same power upon Central Italy. Solong, however, as eral Franciscan monks ha?e put themselves at the bated, and Lord Palmerston denounced it in the strong-Jjtary sympathized with it; but, though Count Ca- defense in the famous kettle-case: 1. My client veor would not risk the hostility of the Tuileries, never borrowed the settle; 2. The kettle never was and tried to prevent the expedition so far as he cracked; 3. The kettle was cracked before it was could without jeopardizing the position of the new borrowed.kingdom, which cannot subsist -unless it maintains It is amusing or. saddening, quite according toi b claims to the championship of all Italy. He is one's mood (mine is accidentally qualified by a well aware that Garibaldi's success in Sicily at highly cheorful breakfast), to hear the Legitimists. <mee emancipates Italy from France, overthrows and fjltramontanes talk or read what they write in these-days. Even they have ceased to put the•fa*Bourbon'atNaples,crushesLamorciere'scru- slightestfaithinofficialNeapolitanreports,andan-the anonymous author of the autobiographical me- moires of Rigollocbe. Both the books, Fanny and RigolJkiche are stupid; of the two, "Fanny" is themost so. •.'•/: . •" •. ••'.-""'-They have been performing, lately, a raving, stav- ing drama at the Theatre Imperial du Cirque, ofwhichG.Washington,or,asthetextoftheplay towhichthewholeoftheItaliannationisfreelycon- theroyaltroops,whowerecomingtodisarmthem,and horseThormanbywoneasilybyalengthandahalf. writes him down,'.'4 Sir George Washington," was a tributing. Young men and able leaders for a second haul tnem over thecoals-^now GaribJoU and liiaichas- Wizard was second, four lengths in advance of Horror,principal character. The Marquis Lafayette, raag- expedition are forthcoming without Btint. Garibaldi Beur8 of the Alps landing'.triumphantly among ihem, and the latter was about the same distance ahead of the niloquenfly, and the respected B. Franklin, modest- can'really command every drop of the most generous under showers of Neapolitan grapeehotand bomb-ahellfi. French horse Danger. In the next lot was Umpire,sade,andliberatesallthecountryfromthePotothe Faro. But if the band of heroes fails; if Gari-ticipatedefeatineveryofficialshoutofvictorvv The wofully funny phase of their deportment in present trying circumstances, will be better illus-ly,appearinthepiece,thetitleofwhichwas"The '"'FantornHorse,aLegendoftheWarofIndepend-44youngbloodoftheland. Nothingis-donehereexcept Theyarenotyetrecoveredfrouitheexcitement,and whowitsaboutsixth>pastthepoet. Therewere30iuthefullestdaylight.Asecondexpeditionisplanned; thetownisinakindofneutralstate,noactualdemon- horeesengaged,andUmpirewa»iaaforwardposition it was prepared and set out under the very nose of strations againet the old Government, but no taxeVare• haldi and his 1,200 companions are doomed to fall3athebattleofFreedom,or be shot after tratedinaparagraphinstancethaninhalfacolumnto say that, despite the unquestionanable -merits ofthePhantomHorse,andMauriceCoste'scommend- backthePofromAdriatoMonteVisoasthinkofin- pire,onthegroundthatbe'wasnot,oftheagede-ties of the Austrian Empire, for the approachingtered a cafe and ordered «glass of brandy; saying,The Emperor Napoleon is said to be more and moredissatisfied with the Piedmontcse Government, andcomplains that the period previous to the ratification ofthe annexation of Savoy to Prance has been taken ad- 44 in their power to make their own destinies V Did that matterB were in an extraordinarily excited jjtateThe telegraph cable to be laid between Rangoon an&•Oriental crisis. It is Garibaldi who has become the ' Give me two sous' worth of excommunication?' .Hardly had this wretch swallowed at one gulp theidol of the Nation. H e carried the destinies o liquor, when he fell stark dead."Italy in his frail embarkation. .A feeling of satis- Can blasphemous nonsense go further ?The British channel fleet, consisting of eight ships, had sailed on a cruise.I*e» PMTOwn Cerrwpo»fopfc PARIS, May ;|$How Garibaldi \ goes on p ^ f | ? | p ^ W ^ to «on-:'th*ey'presentwill &<*e*tihe reader^ Wm^mom Marsala, the point.where Garibaldi landed: &£ %n*£. $** ^ H K ATLANTIC OABXJEL correspondent. For the insurrection and its he- and mild horrors compared with the inef-of rifles from America, had left Queenstown for liver- pool. .She was' freighted by the Garibaldi toxmnittee in.New-York, but having arrived after the war was over, Bhe remained at Queenstown, awaitiDgrbrders from the.States. It was considered likely that Gari- baldi'snewmovementhadledtoherdeparture. ;LOtHS NAPOLEON AND GAEIBALI'S MOVE- • MENT.,"^m m m most extraordinary \^JS^g^S^& enormous^ for Italy, I mean—some £20,000 at least— part of the time under the guns of a Neapolitan, frigate but my friends here all say they most not despond. .2«A «i -*B» «V«J n* «*«*M»hip Africa, Capt. SJ«im<m, pleends. I ought to be ver> serious ^overthisaside—procul esteprofani!—turn we and trust we to thetestimony ofunexceptionableconservatives,,the venerable Lord Lansdowne and (his lordship will par-and the other was taken outside by the Neapolitans; hut after the landing had been fully effected. I b p e v e the brave adventurers did not lose a man—only tjsyo or threewounded. We wereallinastateofalarmdur- ing the firing, as the shot and shell from tb£ frigate,went flying about in a most awkward manner—someintothetown,someintoWoodhouse'8stores,jso'meinto Wood's baglio. ^factory), and one actually! overIt is stated that the partisans of the ex-Grand Duke- of Tuscany were busily employed in agitating Flor- ence. Seditiouswritingswere postedupeverynight, and many of the noblest families in Tus*any did not difiguice the fact that they were Conspiring to accom- plish a restoration.ThePapalGovernmenthadseizedimportantdocu- ,. ments,(containing instructions for hastening an insur-^roic leader are the absorbing topics of thought and. fnbfe abominatiohs of King Bomba ; andand two steamers. One of the Sardinian vesseU$ was The subscription is to be entitled Garibaldi's Debt Re-,speech with ail parties in Paris. They am the his worthy son. Monsieur La Vareune happensrepresentatives of an essential cause and a -contest to know of what he writes. But afterall he is ofof which they are themselves but accidental sam- the Revolutionist party. Him, and his kind I setrnn aground and scuttled by themselves ia the mt>Qr. demption Fund, or something like ic? ; ••$$$$ -* -"irHrffiTr1 tspm.Liverpoolat11o'clockon<&emoro-jhg «f the 26U», and from '$ueenstawn on the -evening cannot help laughing, though I ought to cry, to don the collocation) King Bomba himself. It liesmatter j there is a terribly tragic side to it. But I; ^r tiw 27* mfc, arrived W e on Friday mewing.. v, rMf^I>rijwAJft>^wW*ppomt^ to Jeawo Galway and write about the victories of Garibaldi, or issued in the course of the year 1848, that PalermoIzof Paris, 1793, to the blush. God and humanity for- viyecd imth* 30th of3day, the Canadian line of steamers porary safe shelter within the gates of Palermo, bid that any one should stand up to-day to defendfuture, as it is evident that the Neapolitan Government is not only bent upon trying what the Father of, Liesing our factories,, on each of which the English flag was flying, and to inculcate more caution arid accuracy in their operations. The Neapolitan Coraxnaaders,assist thelKing of Naples. \ There were rumors that " Lamoriciere intended to resign.The Sardinian Chambers had commenced the discus*- j$ sion on the treaty ceding Savoy to France.-them, hear them, read them, and laugh with me— if so be you can get the better of your indignation.w» the «%bt of•the SM» nit.53ie»teanMbip:Br«ccen arrived at Seuthampton on«*25tlu*€^iwneaci»g"witk the North Briton, leaving Iiver-the time the representative leader. Look at corded in Hansard's Reports that Lord Lansdowno,stating but the bare truth, told! such a tale of theOur Vice-Consul, with the Captains of the Intrepid and Argus (both here fortunately for us at the jtime), went on board the frigate during the firing to jinquirein CalabVda. ,,j jjjMi iIt was/tated that Gen. Lamoriciere was fihdihg out. that under the French Protectorate his hands were*•«&« to eatt at'Londonderry, instead of Queenstown.7 Tbcadvicesbytbe Africa are two days later than after their defeat at Calata Fimir—Government offi-or excuse the butchers of the " September massa- " cres;" but; note this, that according to the testi- mony of the bitterest enemies. of the Revolutionmay have power to do in the way of misleading popu- wieely conwderiug that it was their duty to expend; alater. JBomcmeager details of the foBowowing ftwflyfr been given.THE STATE OF EUROPE3$4Hfti ?rr—i i f n o i O n Own Corre«pcn<l«»t.TuREff, May 22, I860* GaribaMr« expedition is the taming point in the '^ISstory of the new Italian kingdom, representing a tew phase in its developaxent. The first steps of Sardinia were led by France. Nothing short ofcut his throat, in mad despair at the defeat of hisseeandhearandreadwhatthereactionistsdosay indeliblyrecordedamongtheordersofthe latter,« . the 2&h tfe. **r--St. Jchns, N- F . should! be razed to the ground and that populous SbeiSerth Briton arrived at IAverpoefcat II o'clock rather the victories of the cause of which he is for city be ^turned to a garden;" and indelibly re-TURIN, May 22. We have Naples and Palermo news up to yesterday, and there is now no doubt that the Neapolitan bulle- tins announcing Garibaldi's defeat were a sheer fabri-our heads here on the baglio terrace, which!feU intothe sea beyond the Salin^lla. •'• jl ,.• • rectionNn the States of the Church, in the Abxuzsri, andtroops of-Gen. Landi's brigade hardly got to tem-^"fite telegraphicdispaichee by the Prince. Albert, Pub- . cials solemnly .proclaimed at the Bourse of Naples,-L. : •,."Jbbed on Thursday. But she brings mails three days at the hour of high change, that Garibaldi had just they were but butchers, and that according to ourlar opinion in Europe, but has even succeeded in en-French agents in its behalf, inasmuch as thewhich for two or three days blanched the: coun-certain quantity of powder, and shot 6%. suchj ah- im- portant occasion, gave the town the 'benefit of.'tJje re- sidiary dote, after the enemy was snug willblri the•walls, und laughing at this exhibition of lmpotcntptgo. It was, however; no teughing matter to the poor in-,GREAT BRITAIN, immvenerable witness, Lord Lansdownc, the. disciplined •men and of all his rebellious hopes. Only three iroops of King .Bomba did in September, 1848,' murder, and more.than murder, the helpless patients in the hospitals ofMessina, the poor wretches strick- en with paralysis, the women who had vainly soughttenances of all ttie lovers of Garibaldi and of Italy innewsthis country was so strengthened by the positive asser- habitants, who, not accustomed to such phcnolhena,these Neapolitan official falsehoods, surpasses even their absurdity j it would really seem that these folks would persuade, and up to the last moment have persuaded themselves that persistent men-foot of the desecrated church altars. ;Woe is me, unhappy recorder of the day. It is the woeful truth that, in this starring time of Sicil- ian insurrection and commendable general interest inbands, with the fall of hie heroic brother-in-arms, the out loewof life, as many families wcro in theicopntry pealing the paper doty. The Committee subsequentlyintrepid Nino Bixio. Our information to-day, as you for their Spring trip. A considerable number^bigc^ reported, pro forma, that they found the Lords had rejected the bill in question, and Lord Palmerston then, will also have heard, points to the ignominioua retreat and low, flocked under the protection of our flagj.jhere',- have notice that be.would move for the appointmentdacity would, by some miraculous aid, stiffen into the doingsand sufferings of Garibaldi, the Memories capital. practical veracity. I grant that the theory is a of Rigofioche have rushed into a second edition.Maguerite Huguenote, or something like that, is the Napoleon's assistance could have iaduced--€ount queer one; hut no other offers an explanation of the •proper and family name of the , highly Cavour and Yictor Emanuel to force Austria into astonishingly queer practice of the Neapolitan improper female who at .present enjoys •%isr.- But the nation, since YiBa&aaca, has out- Court. You -will please understand that the Nea- the privilege of sharing with Garibaldito do BOuntil Switzerland withdrew the demand. deed, from diepeliihg the anxiety under which Count for the few field-pieces they brought with them.1 |j Ev- Mr. Laing moved for a vote of credit on account of^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^"^»'WP m m mP&&J. afcA •Auste<a. s weakness, Italy has a chance had demanded an amktScs of Garibaldi without effect-ft contest art < inHabock*j5Ml. added-with his off"WOifk w a s^that he, m< •evident frox -when stripsV|We shal 'pointmcrjt?ete<f;in tiie ml uated parti andt lVetful startling cont Tout Bowli.Horlror, Carl among his yJ diced admir-rJl therr theory old school, in is concerned, | has proved ket iainvarii and-alxhough] cemYaction aftion' in the •off iirst fav^6 and 7 to 1, etulr/artheri it w'as,; Tborj .atla*«tth:ith{,ard<(who vrs ers'codlid w | Kufhourne was efTectcc,^ner/Hfutboui •caused 'sttw.ti came with aorange''colors] wiDJrwastt pariison with wMteh rope el subsided, as horse a qnart^ point he •was' position of ne]*»Kot theW racerCourseBeenanf tboj proved mo<\* suppress hisuently backc SoWever, het he fail togi' pointmont. ^observed ojtIwhetberthey the Turf obia hear that, fM-1 they'have pla Howes ic th. whope cbarj: e ^the United J^ihave not tii. t •>Uvyed,.thejiof preeentiD j day evenin j Wnich has & There wili andj indf ethe pugilieii* entertaininej it tion of the fc3l exhibition vi1 The belts arej P;' Hancock o|,spirited way j from the tiu.e which, con.-«id manship, rellit perseveran<.uL tions'for Sa} i for Heenan* I be publishec | sentation, tl e 1iiej have e i hitiononth:t aillverpool.! arencityet <U profits by a Hi doubted,ai( thechanoew>: iaveetmeut. khyur ofuev.c] 'we (Uadersui States,wh«re nation of th« >f with Open uyThe forturie tudes,seemu- to' cany out toNEW-fcow •such as the feast centuries have not offered her, *of fighting trtft her owni battles. So let us hope. Before leaving the Italian theme, let me beg and en- treat and commend to some American publisher andi^p-The dispatch off twopsy from Naples to Sicily eon- tinued. ;y^l' v;;.:.:vV: '^V.•.•:.. v0\.:: $ypiii*B$4M•-. -.r'-yyg •w^r'-y ;?gm•»*.*.«.-\»**<»/ '«*/"/'!«. .m**ti**iim**m*'*'f; >'•f GARIBAJJ3I A TIUESAIT A: miAKbongb ther folkrwing^fettew contain no later in-formationthanwehave previously>grven,the details--. m A-;-"•-:••• C<-0 ^'-":'MARSALA, May;jl2. You will no doubt have heard by the arrival df the Intrepid of the", extraordinary event which happenedFresh telegrame abcfmV Sicfly tome eot fgnr^r 1b* times a day, and the people ntand in crowds about tber streets reading and dhjetifsiog their contents It w quifc true that Colonel Medici Jms, not been able to follow Garibaldi, as first settled, foir want of means of transport. There are no funds for buying a steamer and shipowners are too much on the qui five now to admit of his seizing one. Had Garibaldi not acted as he did, Sicily would ere this have once more been re- duced to chains and misery add darkness. It remains now for the Italians, a*they say themselves,to justify the means employed for its liberation by their unan- imous response to Garibaldi's appeal. The rrteamera,^T©wn the leading-strings of ^apeleon. The an- politan-Court, speaking through the official journal the attention of the Parisians. She is a very lownegations of Central Italy and Tuscany were cau- and official telegraphic reports, has never acknewl-- actress and a very high dancer at one of the little theaters on the upper Boulevard. Thanks to hertiously made, not exactly according to the wishes edged—unless within the last three days or so—that brazen impudence, to the shameful puffing of £*'wt the Tuileries, but at least with the ^final assent tiie insurrection teas going on in Sicily. The near- writers in Figaro, and in the Indcpendance, this for- of Napoleon; still, the King aed his Ministers est approach to truth they ever made was an ac- tunate unfortunate female has rapidly risen to noto-riety within the past twelvemonth. Meaning now with respect to this amazing and portentous Garabaldi's of armed countrymen have set off from this place to dared not accept the offered crowns without the knowledgment that there had been an insurrection expedition, all the responsibility of which is made to, join the brave General, and with the reinforcementsto make the most of it, she has hired some one topermission of the dark man of Paris. His con- in the island, coupled with a positive announcement tl weigh upon King Victor Emanuel's advisers. It expected from Caetelyetrano, Santa Ninfa, and other^eatWas gained by the cessioa •f French Savoy of its.final suppression. The successive explicit de- write her memoires," autographically. The vol- is very evident that the impetuosity of Italian national neighboring towns, they will soon muster a very for- ume has all the success, and all things considered, instinct thwarts some of the deep-laid and long-cher-wad provencal Nice, taking a bit -of the Italian nials and implied admissions of the official Neapoli- quite as much merit, as M. Feydeau's Fanny. It ished detigns of Fiance upon Southern Italy, as the midable force. Even their artillery is increasing, asof general reasoning and synthetic statement. In .* gallant resistance, Italy's independence the Mwide (the continuator of the Univers) of yes- is once more lost; ah j becomes an important vas- terday you .may read, with your nineteenth-century sal, but still a vassal of France, unable for the term * eyes wide agnpe, this paragraph, in a letter datedandthisisthereasonwhythisQuickwitted,en- notedwhicharetoberegardedasthewarningsignsofa areamongthetableaux. ^ ' thusiastic nation is now kept in the most feverish more general chastisement. The number of the victimsof.apoplexy and sudden insanity, whether or-not these | A ramor was current that the Paris Moniteur wasterfering either with the preparation or the execution going to Palermo to-day. We hope she will b^ back scribed; so that had he won, an investigation, would of the scheme. I.'can positively assure you, and do not again immediately, aa the town being in a atateibf^ con- have been made before the stakes could have been mind it for the hundredth time,"that men of all classes, fusion, and without an armed force, all the lawless vag- banded over. It is siated that Mr. Merry, the owner "<rf one life at least to maintain her national indepen- Ecme, May 19:*"conr«e, net value of the Stakes was £o,050.l quite Mr. Saward, Secretary of the Atlantic Telegraph. WU ro- Company, writes a letter to the newspapers contra-anxiety. Nobody cares now for the preparation*• of JLaxaoricicre, for the blunders of the Government moBH and heating of the blood, increases largely. • It is tan, of BO alarming, a nature as to • throw the Sicilian}icly announje<maladies be' provoked by the imitation of worldly paa- about to publish u Hpeech. of M. Lavalette to the Sul-ence; in five acts and ten tableaux." I am. sorryCount Cavour, who might as «oon dreani of forcing beingpaid. : , _ '||; throughout the race, but never took the actual lead-' % We have the Argus here. I have just heard she is Prior to the race, an objection was lodged against Um-able caricature of the late George Washington (the most hopeless theatrical' property conceivable),. thevantage Of to sell the Crown lauds which should re- he not call upon these people "to be all soldiers, that there. The 10th Regiment had mutinied against their jaction pervaded all classes of society,J when, after There is, however, a sort of logical method in vert to France. • - ' 44 they might all become men?1' The Italians took him officers, and had been in conbcqueh.ee sent off toGi-eat meetings in aid *of missions to Central Africa had bten held in Manchester and Liverpool. Lord Brongham was the principal speaker at both places, and urged that a vigorous support of the missions, * which would indirectly encourage the production of cotton, would tend to suppress the slave-trade' and! Slavery. j \v .;Tlie London Morning Chronicle raises a), warning voice againKt overtrading in the glut of Afion, and predicts heavy losses through irresponsible traders.THE DERBY BACE—THE AMERICAN HORSE- —HEENAN AND SAYERS.< a suspense of five days, it became known that the such madneRs as this, when uttered by Legitimists The new law concerning Sugars and Coffee had at his own word; and it were better for him to make Naples. The Royalists were' walling up the gates ofPSo,' of the Baron Santa Anna and of the CountBoutivenga, had held the interior of the plice of Piedmont. I risk my small propheticaland the remaining hundred taken prisoners. N^eitji'#drama had but a limited run of some twenty nights, of all agts, 'of all parties, have only one business, have abonds with whom the place abounds, are once more of Thormanby, wins over £70.000 in bets alone. Themore or less. At a neighboring theater they are only one object and subject—how to help Garibaldi. Iperforming "LeJeunesse de Franklin." I notice never pass a group under,the porticoes, never go by dence. The Italians feel this weighty alternative, " The moment of God is at hand. New facts are daily on the bills that a printing shop and a thunder storm the trader's shop without hearing Garibaldi's nameFor all this general, ungovernable, generous impulse, armed "mountaineers and people from the neighboring der which the latter enterprise must labor, jix. Saw- •whoin has theFrench Emperor to thank but himself? ' towns, left Salemi'for-Calata Fimi. It is said ijhat a ard asserts that th*re in no intention to abandon the ' .'at Turin, which lead last to a disorganization of only a few days ago that the people Were strongly im- insurrection into the ehade. ' ! v :' The Italians refer him to hie. own proclamation of considerable Neapolitan force is ftatioued at Alcatno. undertaking with which he ia connected, amd looksJSfevr-York cjf pect of that The pbblic in sb often dieaf to revive. atf<teallv entci t-ibulation,ad pro*pcr«ian once sal Ji |ts firtt coj ment blundthe army of Central Italy, for the increasing difficul- preesed by the death, of an impious person, wtio . en-which, however, cannot be so,large but that he! will unhesitatingly attack it, and no doubt with his uauulhopefully on the efforts now pending to regions the existing cable to-working order. >'.Xyand Ultramontane Romanists. I am sorry, almost been promulgated in the Monitev/r. up his mind to achieve his own work than, to forfeit his the town, and raising/up strong earthworks oh the name in history, to risk his throne and his life hi vain land side. All the women and children of the| oifflcersafe series <> the , Great cient to. ea ia accuracy has so recentlanding was made in Marsala. General consterna-tion followed soon when the Neapolitan dispatche ashamed, to say that the Orleanist faction, carried The Parib correspondent of T)ie London Morning attempts to undo it. and eoldiers had been sent off to Naples. Two! regi-away by a narrow party spirit, shows a lukewarm- Chronicle gives currency to a report that the Emperor announced a victory over the insurgents at Calata ness toward Garibaldi more contemptible, because of Russia would shortly visit Paris.YSmL and the death of Nino Bixio. The first day less frankly expressed, than the sincere, blind hate The Bourse had been firm and animated, but on the | the news was not believed, but when for two days of the legitimists. It iB a noticeable fact that the 26th it was dull and Rentes declined to 69.10.This is Turin talk. I only wish I had eloquence to ments of foreign recruits bad arrived from Naplesljianddo justice to the sanguine anticipations of the patriots it is thought they will be the only men that will think of standing a brush with Garibaldi. A general panict from the yerjr which her keemore, no intelligence reached us from the gallant best-informed, most heartily sympathizing Paris. band, the town seemed to be under a spell. All organ of the Sicilian insurrection is the Opinionhere, which are only damped by the dark, forebodings was beginning to show itself among the troops.! ,18 of the intentions of France, and by the wavering andthe porticoes of the town, and all the coffee houses were full with anxious-looking persons, who, in a lower key than usual in Italy, discussed the proba- bthties of the bad news. But yesterday, in theof the purposes of Louis Napoleon, then were the morning, a ray ofjoy lighted up all countenances. immediate success of Garibaldi and of the greatEven the Neapolitan dispatches had to confess thatthe battle of Calata Finn was not decisive, and that Puttingnewspapersaside,thereisgoodreasonRationale—& journal which prejudice, jealousy, andigncranee love to accuse of complicity with the Im-ITALY.THE SICILIAN INSURRECTION.irresolute conduct to which the attitude of France com- pels the well-meaning Government of Count Cavour. Cardinal Corsi, Archbishop of Pisa, arrived here last evening, in the custody of. Captain Ceva of the Koyal Curbineers. Together with the Bishops al-P. tS.—The Neapolitans have not been able tid get off the Sardinian steamer. A frigate and a steamer that came yesterday for the purpose caused a great panic in the town, and all the inhabitants crowded! out toward the harbor to know .if their intent was ''wicked-than ship hud the original ra enterprising 1 spring of th« ried off by tractors, siid men; and th the vicissituaddition to in nation the loap generally kn oitsappointuie broke down 1 that Mr. SUsJble eridcavo:s, - difficulty, Ci^terminated ia •Theterriblstrip of |the viJ andJjardly lej from the tren driven with.:i saved from'uU of her late laa tenacity of bk which'struck death'of'the if in the most t; having watc:* the first rivt launch, and c suddenly carti*-of Provldeno< -f almost withiii agonized vtev. iNothing cot vitality of iJ severance of JEEKA that the (1 shocks, and r.) While the w i the clangor; a preparataon |f<«The new Be a learn, workJUT* jn theiriexert resides in thfef to the prepaifi wrights* worl 2 ford; the cabi | known grant i dor. This las by Mr.!Scott basbeentothr and to paint dk< the original having] beer. exudation. 6 interior has stanchions, \d Board ef Tfrti the coal "bnn, lating tho cositk i combustion, i;t the etoke-hoU* from one to th<of ascending bulkheads—p t thevessel,aula oaeionof the the original yh «ned, u xder th< engines.bothft Day of Soull alterations, uiiji the flrn Of Mi coiustan:ly iu y ebief exgmeei; breaking do\u great e::pkdi«« feed pimps. % some apprehe1; their jreat central stan •! ail these v uCorrespondence of The London Time*.v.tightly l>ound. The French Commander-iri-Chief One week ago this very day—the panic-stricken tember, 3648, as would have put the Septembrisen cation. It ia important to keep this in mind for the into the meaning of their missiles so capricioindy Iinjur- would n « allow him to attack the Piedmontese, or tohorrors done.at Messina by the Royal troops in Sepof the Royal troops upon Palermo, where? pressed on all sides by the Sicilian insurgents, they evince a great inclination -altogether and promptly to evacuate thatand the old baglio la as crowded as Noah's Ark,' only the animals are all human. • ^ } |of a Committee to search for precedents. t. ;,j. Lord John Russell stated, in reply to an inquiry by Mr. Kinglake, that Government had throughout sup- ported the. demand of the Swiss Government for a Conference of the Great Powers, and would continueThis morning the whole of Garibaldi's party set off for Salemi, reinforced by a good many Marsalese vol- ,yet even Garibaldi's most signal success is far, in- unteers, and well provided with horses for tbej officers, carts for their spare arms and ammunition, and jenniesCavour and his colleagues are most reasonably labor- erytiling was managed with admrralde order, arid ap- ing, so long, at least, as that sell-immolating partisan parently to the satisfaction of Gen. Garibaldi; thoughthe civil service estimates, which, after some strong opposition, was agreed to. The Opposition members preesed upon Government the necessity of proceeding; m a regular way with the estimates, and it is supposed that their intention is to stave off the further consid- eration of the Reform bill until the estimates are passed, and thereby kill the measure for this seesion.The Times says that the above proceedings, have vir- %;is unable to push on his success beyond the limits of under tho effect of the bombardment from the Neapoli-sea-girt Sicily, and so long as the mainland kingdom tan vessels the poor Marsalese did not show ah enthu- continues in its present state of eager but helpless ex- siastic welcome to their unexpected visitors. ||.pectation. . . . May 14.—At Salemi they were received with] openIf ray information can at all be relied upon, there is arms,'after having been joined on their march;by sev-no end to the warnings and threats hurled ag*in& the eral large aimed bands under Coppola, of the Monte, Sardinian Cabinet by the Government at the Tuileries, Baron Sant'Anna, of Alcamo, &e. Other two bandstually decided the abandonment of the Reform bill-. although eome time may elapse before the measure is finally given up.On the 25th, in the House of Commons, the action of the Lords on the bill repealing the paper duty wag debated, and a Committee of 21 was appointed to search for precedents. \ .•,,,,'*/perial Government. Icouldwish their stupid ac-cusations Were based on truth. If the. Opinion The information relative to the progress of Garibaldi ready mentioned as prosecuted for rebellion, and ar- or charitable." This demonstration seemed to produce from the English sporting papers: . . Rationale could really be considered an exponent continues meagre and very conflicting. rested in the Legations and hi Tuscany, we have now a counter panic in the brave Neapolitans, who j ap-caupe of Italian nationality thoroughly assured.the royal troops had returned to Palermo. .' At for believing that, jusqv? d nouvel ordre, there will nary enthusiasm prevailed at Palermo.nounced..IfweconsiderthatoilyintheoldStates AnotherletterfromMarsalaofthe16thstatesthat thatstrikesyouwhenyouarriveatEpaom,isthattheof Piedmont more than 20 episcopal sees were vacant^ a rumor prevailed in town that tho Neapolitaute on people of that thriving town have not the slightestsoon the news spread from Genoa that the be no intervention oh the part of France or En- Neapolitan troops had evacuated Trapani, gland, and no intervention permitted by those two on the part of Austria, in the affairs of Italy. Sotown and province; at 5 o'clock the Government far, so good. The longer'the Italians arelet alone,politanslaiddowntheirarms. Themostextraordi- The Paris Pqlrie doubts the above intelligence. Thewe may well call the new Italian kingdom thenotion that a great race is to come off, and a quarter of a million, of people to congregate in their immediategot the intelligence that Garibaldi had. defeated the royal troops sent to check his career at Calata Fimi. Bushing from one extreme to the other, the Italians now believe his success assured, since he has gained time to arm and organize those insurgent bandswhich, until now, have had no acknowledged bond ofanity, and still under the leadership of Bosolinothe sooner they will bring the Italian question to a solution. . Unhappily, it can hardly be hoped that Sicily will be suffered to pronounce, and Sardinia to approve, its own judgment on its own destiny.Rumor runs that, by late secret treaty^ France guarantees the Duchies to Piedmont. I make small account of the rumor. Treaty or no treaty, Cavour has so arranged and taken advantage of facts, that France has become and must remain the accom-Daily News Paris correspondent, however, is assured mined' to make himself undisputed master of Sicily be-fore making any attempt on the mainland. He will afterward form a strong naval force, and descend upon' Calabria..P ARIS, May 23—6 p. m. Whatever fresh intelligence may have been received from Naples, none of a kind favorable to that Govern- ment has transpired. We may therefore infer that thoCalata Fimi, marched towja: d that place to join his foifae. Seeing the Neapolitan troops they mistook themilfor Garibaldi's men, and marched on to the town,shouting, " Viva Garibaldi!" The Neapolitans allowed thenl tocounters, and weigh small parcels for imaginary cus- tomers, just as if it were no Derby day at all, and the single ladies tap at the windows of the Post-Ofllce and ask for the letters, which contain not the slighteet allu- sion to the state of the edds, or the business of the day.insurgents among the mountains in the dark< ders that counteract the ex-Legitimist, Orleanist, diers have taken refuge in the forts."the Tuileries, and the former have employed the inter- val before the ratification of the treaty in celling: aa fast'as they can, and to the highest bidder,, not merelyEmanuel, King of Italy, the Dictatorship in Sicily! IT had evidently passed a "good night," opened firm, at•chefetnut forests until he has assembled such a force Republican, French Zouave!s orders; on the otherIn direct conflict with the above intelligence, wo'»STEP. TORS; Adjutant General. - G. GAJtlBAliDt " Salemi, May 4, 186«." flfiveto two, andtwoorthree netsof500to200each were booked about him; but when it transpired that Mr. Tea •around his person as may enable him to threaten hand, it is now well understood here that Lamori-both Messina and Palermo at the same time, and ciere has been informed with sufficient distinctnesssuddenly to take either of the two by assault. by General Goyon, commander of the French gar- at San Martino,near Moureale, have been beaten, twiceCrown lands wnich should revert to France. •:' This iBProclamation No. 2 is likewise dated from Salerni,May 14th, and consists of 19 articles, containing M1" Broeck bad secured Luke Snowden for Umpire, thorather sharp practice. Franco, doubtless, glories in received from a trustworthy source, may be con- strictly confined within the latest rebelliously, de- with very considerable. losses. One of their leaders, her.new subjects, but if they "bring nothing with themetruction for organizing an armed force.AN APPEALTO ITALIANS IN AMERICA^GARIBALDI AND THE NATIONAL SARDINIAN STEAMYankee (notwithstanding a protest lodged againet hka by Mr. Wyatt, the owner «•! Nutbourne; on the ground of wrong age] become so " hot" that he trod closely on. the heels of I h e Wizard, and half a point more was fre- quently betted against the latter, while 1,400 to 400 was taken about Umpire, which was the shorteet price ho attained. We "now quote from an English paper:'•" In discussing Umpire's victory in the Goodwood races last year wo always said that when he was re- ceiving weight, as he did, from everything of any pre-TVe do. not know how far this piece of intelligence, rison in Rome, that his military operations must be driven from their positions, and pursued to Partahicofirmed hy facts, sincewe doubt whether Garibaldi fined geographical limits of Christ's Vicar's di- Ko+olinoPilo,waskilled. Thehighte.-whichwereoc- therewillbematterfor complaint.lias disclosed his plans beforehand, unless with the minished temporalities. . "What, "with the Italian purpose of misleading the enemy. Cardinals, and the gout, and his old enemy, Louis Tne Oriental question is now entering a now Napoleon turning up again, the warm-blooded Afri-phase. As soon as England perceived that France can General is, they say, almost ready to resign and Bussia had come to an agreement, she at- his post; and, what w i t h Antonelli, and a littletempted to evade a conflict, and had ho .objection remnant of worldly Italian national jealousy,, and a to treat of the grievances of the Christians in Tur- -confused sentiment of the devil to pay generally (ifkey, agreeably to the treaty of Paris in 1856, with I may so speak) they say that the poor old dis- the Powers which signed that peace. Diplomacy tracted, badgered, well-meaning, ^ flabbergastedJa to untie the Gordian knot,* that the aword may Pope is quite ready to accept the resignation. I am not cut i£ But we doubt whether even the cun- more than half inclined to think that they sayxungnnnd of Lord Palmen-ton will be ablet to un- sooth; and am more than half inclined to think ravel the threads of the Eastern complication, pro- that Lamoriciere will remain the Pope's generalissi-cupied by the rebelB, have been taken by the royal The vagueness of the intelligence from Sicily is con- troops." ••;•"'•" sidered by the Contiitutionncl as inauspicious for tho Another Neapolitan official dispatch by way of Rome ultimate success of the King of Naples. Public opin- ion in Europe, from tho very outset, seems to have made up its mind, the writer obeervcB, that since the King's Government had not succeeded iu at once put-NA VIGA TION COMP ANY . 'The following is an extract from a letter datodi noa, the 20th, published in The London StanIvi&'d he remains the defender of the mMgrity and Jb^dopeadenec of the Turkish Empire. It is now easiertopartitionthantosupportthe1Empire,oally since one of the two natural allies of En-f, Austria, has become utterly powerless, while issia,uneasyabouttheBhine,hasyettoconquer Iter German ascendency and gain thecontrol •overihe smaller States of Germany4 'Francis Joseph is trying, by the system of petty .concessions, to allay the agitation in Hungary, but ihalf measures never lead to any result He has toehoose hetw ren bloody repression and the completemo ail the same. It is not w*orth the reader's while that I stop here to defend myself against atrenched, and to have completely, beaten them. Ac- that a revolutionary convulsion might arise m Sicily cording to the same dispatch, this combat vroidd lead and spread to the rest of Italy, proving too powerfulto the immediate evacuation by the royal troopB of for Garibaldi; and the other that his success mightMessina, Trapani, Catania, and Syracuse." lead to a European conflagration, the various Powerssurrender of the barjoful system j>f centralization, r and his stubborn pride miW'.tne latter alternative iaposaS&le, Nothing-short of an, abdication couldpendent. It also adds: " Even the Neapolitan police R o m e Tho cubital of the Catholic world, happily, has other by any means incumt>ercd with worldly goods (the vidual in. an immcuso fur cap» who marched at tberao^c^i^e't&iiiej S f o And anfieiy totake#uci>^s*ep. lnconsequenceofthe request ^ ,,•-..•;,,:.--6:•-•:$N$MJ-.\grotitudo from • any one, will ever, keep watch, whetlior proHoat '" ' "~ """" " - A-atcJi,.whetherprenenttheir troops in Galicia, since ' doing the same in Bessarabia.For thore ho stood, almost wholly doji^ient to the mu#->:mfhtnated man of thirty is not ;since been countermanded-~at the Pope's urgent Garibaldi at Sail Martino with Bavarians in the Nea- or absent, over the holy uyluuvof tho nbcceMor'ot' St. Puter. successor of St. Peter. politanseryice. Garibaldihadapproachednearerto Onco,itmnstbcrcnjcrabcred,therevolutionfoundltn,wayintoOriental question, the AustriansjureeoneenlyatingWhat with the mutual jealousy of England and | France, and LouiB Napoleon's complicity with Ca-the eternal teat of Catholiciuu. Who reopened the «ate» of the Vatieftn to'tho Holy Father 1 France; oi__ .the Hussions areand France will continue her dtttentiiited and powerful, protection to the capital of Cliri^-them. }'?W&t>1m itm'Wk «S$#? J&$t&& & • :'•[•< You can have no idea of the excitement hetej cular development necessary to carry hinj thxeugh KUWI••French garrison there. Now, at the date of my last week's letter there was no end of well-informed talk and authenticated rumor, all reporting that theing with perfect regularity is of itself sufficient, partic- expected that Palermo would soon surrender; A proc- ularly after the annexation of the previously discon- lamation of the Committee of Palermo is posted up in tented provhwes, to render revolution "there quite im-A supplement to the -Genoa Manifesto of the 23d the Bishop of Carpi, in the late duchy of, Modena, im- peared very hhy about coming near the land, land m The day was unueually beautiful/and everyhody prisoned, together with his Vicar-General, the Arch- lact they had scarcely any communication wlthjthe! was upon the road, though the perfect accommodations May, alleges that Garibaldi had entered Palermo with prieot (Arciprete). and several priests of his diocess. shore. • ~. j , furnished by the,rail, has in late years changed the 9,000 infantry and a squadron of cavalry. The Nea- The arrest of the Prelate of Voltaia was long since an- Trapani is in a most rigorous state of siege. jj /. appearance of the journey to Epsom. The first thing" Bisbopless State."of ittt correctness, and says that Garibaldi has deter- Paris Correspondence of The London Times.hearing of Garibaldi's landing, dispatched a flying'col-umn of 700 troops to Calata Finn to meet him. Sev sralarmed bands of Sicilians, expecting to find Garibaldi at vicinity. Tne tradesmen stand behind their solitaryThe.same authority profeteea to have special instruc- movement in-Sicily is making progress; and it is to be approach till within gunshot. A most desperate fight Epsom eeems in face to be ignored, put.on one aide, totions for believing that Garibaldi had really entered jPalermo, and that he had issued a stirring proclama- tion, dated from that city, declaring that he had as-ensued, in which, according to the letter we quote] 000be Btolidly indifferent to horse-racing, and contemptu- ously to look down on people who pass on to the race- course, and—more important—take all their spending money along with them.But to the race and the betting: On Tuesday, the . day before the race, the Wizard was remarkably firm throughout the day; but Umpire, an the contrary, hav- ing failed in the morning to remove the unfavorable ini- pre* sion he created the day before, was somewhat un- steady, in spite of the wonderful confidence exhibited!sumed the provisional dictatorship of Sicily.reputation^on the modest vaticination that Louis The Insurrectional Committee in Sicily had, it is ing in such a cause, will not easily give up their chance together the story bears with it aa air of great irhprob-island for full ^ix weeks against fearful' adds, after successfully defeating the pro- gress of the soldiery toward the mountains, and though sometimes beaten, still confined the Neapoli- "tan army, with all its 40,000 regular soldiers, to thef eat towns of the coast. It is stated that Garibal- had no intention of at once attacking Palermo,anlees'he should be certain that the demoralization pondence to speak of poor old Pious IX, pnd much- tho Dictatatoiship of Sicily.Napoleon must stand by and will stand by Victor Emanuel, whenever Austria threatens or Naples threatens.You have a correspondent in Turin; so I preter-coming to handgrips, between Victor Emanuel and fays that a proclamation had been issued by Garibaldi,' esty seems to believe, are (to use a vulgar phrase)the higher clergy of the recently annexed Duchies. " coming the old soldier over him." When Savoy wasmit any notice of the contest now going on, andThe Emperor of the French is said to be more and more dissatisfied with the Picdmontese, who, his Maj-No.. i is"•Giuseppe Gariba/di, Commander in Chief of the hy hie owner, who offered to back him for £10,000 or?have the following official Neapolitan diepatch:44 NAPLES, May 23. 6 p. m.—The rebels encamped the personal property of Victor Emanuel, but thes a y s : • ' '.'•44 The insurgents were attacked and dispersed on the" Amidst all the numerous and increasing demandsapprehended that the promise of a Constitution, eventhough guaranteed by the Imperial Government ofFrance, would hardly induce the revolters to lay downtheir arms. .Men flushed with success, accompanied"by the sympathies of all who hate tyranny, and light- the strength nor the loss of the Sicilians is stated. IAl-said, sent a note to the foreign consuls, announcing that of eucceES for those promises, even enhanced with such ability, although it may be founded on truth. It]idiotthe nation would be consulted, and that the Sicilian. Parliament would be convoked.an indorsement.alluded to in other letters from Marsala." Two Proclamations of Garibaldi are givenas'follows:The Paris correspondent of. The London Post alsoIt ccmes within the domain of a Paris corres-, in which he took upon himself all the responsibilities of to be handed over to France it is clear that it was notNational Force in Sicily. any part of it againet anything namedin therace. This "At the invitation of tho principal citizens, and bn had a salutary effect, and Umpire's chance was again,tf the royal army made hearty cooperation ofthe disarmed inhabitants possible, but that, turningthe town, he is going toward Corleone, into the heartof the island, there to organize and to discipline the dinals' party, which has taken shape in positive or- numbers of strangers are quitting the towns. The sol- as good a notion of this elementary maxim as pCoplc at; A dispatch dated Messina, May 22, says: 44the Savoyards who have been converted into French citizens that were meant, but something quite as val- uable—namely, the land that bare them. Now, it isthe deliberations of the free communes of tho island," Considering that in time of war it is necessary thatlooking rosy. On Wednesday morning the ^Downs, from an early hour, becamo crowded on every availa- ble spot; the Ring mustered early, according to Derbyvexed Lamoriciere. On the one]hand Lamoriciereis baffled and checked in his purposes of adminis-trative reform by the influence of the Italian Car- inhabitants are joining Garibaldi in crowds. Great is a bargain. The Piedmontese do not appear to havethe civil and military power should be cpncentratied'an day cuntom. and by noon it \va« ;*«high change." ForThere is a great psnic among the authorities. The very well'to fight for an idea, but. after all, a bargainone man—-. :>: . • '•*• some time, however, speculation was very languid, and "Decrees that he assumes, in the name of Victor few changes have to be recorded. Tho favorite, who21at by the 9th battalion of Royal Ghariseura; 1^8 rebelswere killed. The insurrection is making no progreaa." ting down the insurrection, the insurrection would ob- on thejprivate resources of the Italians, occasioned by tensions, 'had no right to be blazoned as a.triumph/tflying at Qneenetown for several months, with » cargo stehmers: The landing was effected^mgalknt style are, of course, a total loss, and the sum to be.made up-Naples gives no sign? the Emperor Napoleon will not head, with the cross in one hand and the sword in the est terms as entirely a government of the police. acknowledge himseli beaten; and he will, in all proba- o t h e r . . . ; ' • • • ' • • • • * , • Tie work of getting the Great Eastern ready for seability, strain ever}' nerve to uphold the Bourbon, till he fancies his own time corned for pulling him down.A kind of panic still continues here, and the liarsa- was proceeding vigorously, and it was confidently as- lese feel themselves quite at &ea with such a stj'ango serted that she would be ready by the day named forand rapid succession of conflicting events. On Baster day it was down with the Bourbons and up wiin the tri-color—a fortnight, afterward all the obsequious no-iher depaiture for New-York—June 9. Many improve- ments had been made iu the details of the great ship.Pretexts for a quarrel with the Sardinian. Govern-ment the French Emperor can. find without number.The National Society here, with the Sicilian La Farinaat its head. ra:ses funds and receivesdonations in arms, bles of Marsala gonig out with a band of mueict^meet via Queenstown for the last steamer. ; Mr, Merry's-loudlyutteredastheonlyandexclusiveconversation. sburcesinsuchastateofthings.To live in Turin, in Genoa, in Milan, and Florence, and not to be smitten Garibaldi mad ia impossible.:! dictingcertainstatementsrelative.totneconditionofMilan, to those few generous sentences which had wonover to him his most inveterate foes, and brought homeconviction in his favor to the heart of the most stubbornunbelievers. Did he not say, 4' There were moments good fortune. ' j|• _„,' Singapore, 1,200 miles long, was being tested. , 44 for nations as well as for individuals, in which it was The Argus, just in from Palermo, brings the newsof the 700 Neapolitans were placed hors du com&at,The Paris Patrie, after giving the Neapolitan dis- tain the mastery and drivq out the Boyal troops. So the different subecriptions set on foot for tho assistance ' nor were his Stockton successes of such high order as- little.doubt was entertained of Garibaldi's success, of the fugitives frcm Sicily and Naples for supplying to^ justify >the. fur-ore they created in hm ;rcgard!*arms to Garibaldi, and for equipping a fresh expedition Whether Umpire will mend that performance is another to reeuforce him, they are not unmindful of the charge matter; but lor the piewnt his hollow defeat mustrecently imposed upon them by theii- -champion. Ypu aileuce the boautings and expose some of our American'patch announcing the defeat of Garibaldi, says: when once he was able to hold his ground in the first44 A second dispatch states that Garibaldi is said to encounters, that two serious apprehensions seized on have attacked the royal troops, who were-strongly in- the minds of political men throughout Europe; one,will have seen in Garibaldi's letter to the directors klfsporting writers, whose ''bunkum' respecting 4 Our (!) horses in Ei>glaud,' that has appeared weekTafter week in the New-i'ork prints, must/have been most diataste- fdf to Mr. Ten Broeck. Thelatter'stock'a •screamer' on Umpire, but lost by every other horse iu the race exceptHorror1Mr.Merry,whobackshishorsesvery heavily when in earnc-st, is reported to m between seventy and eighty thousand pounds. *Messina advices of the 21st state that forty-six Nea- declaring some in his favor and others against him. seeminglywell-founded chargeof inconsistency. politandeserterswerefiredatwhflepassingtotho ThewriterintheConstitutionnelconsiderssuchfearshe is conlident Italy will recognize as a debt to be bVherselfdischarged.wWeverlosshisproceedingsmay-have entailed on the shareholders. This letter, thoughwritten on the 5tb,theeveof his der>artnrefrom Geiioa-,was not published till the 14th, the day. on which hi£landingut31arualawasfustknown. Simultaneously,therefore, with the intelligence'of their'hero's success Tho cmah at the entrance gates to thepaddock dis» ful accomplishment of tho first stago of his daring en played the intense interest that -was excited to take terpnse, the'^Italians learned his parting imunctioni etock of the several candidates, the Yankee in particular, Ihey ft el, that to carry these out wouldjae a moil* 4 Where's Umpire?' was asked.onaUr sides;, but hia- grauful tribute to Garibaldi than statues, or triumpiia; position was soon indicated by tiie Immense crowd m-ches, or swords of honor, could ever furnish; and; w'Kh-h escorted ihe hor*e in *fa»»promenade, 'the direc-Watch and wait, mon cher.Speaking of Rome reminds roe of my promise tovas quite unfounded. Revolution, in the usual accepta- tion of the word, has, he admits, partisans in Italy, but it likewise finds there energetic opponents—-at Turin ofinsurgents. There have been two considerable disem-barkations of volunteers at San Stefano de t^atneatra,totheright,andatSantaVie'to,to'theleftofPalermo. position,andatKomeofprinciple. InPiedmont,the14 As soon its tho horses, had entered the paddock hundredsatonceproceededtothatwell-knownepot»letyouknow,sosoonasIknew,oftheretirementfrom that Eternal City of the more or less eternal The rising at Messina had not yet taken place. It was fact of a constitutional government existing and work-retreat of said garrison, desired by the Pope, was all parts of that town, announcing the victorious march possible. As to its chances at Koine, the following is ordered by the Emperor. I don't say nay.' What of Garibaldi, and that Sicily would Boon become inde- the language of the Constitutionnel :slender as ai-o their means—2br ltailan patriots are mob tion of which was, regulated by a deuant-looking indi-I do gay is, that when that garrison begins to move " l f t h e revolution inimpoH»ible ut Turin, iti* «tul more noutmost intimately authenticated newspaper gossips undiT the command of "a French General 'It still ex>joya the measnres are beiiig taken to, set; on foot subscriptionsi skill of a drum major. Concemingi Umpire's appear*still; try and get it inserted iu some iailiientiai new*-! all cnation^^ua^ro^iiicf'fKntpaper. TheItalianuinNew-York,too,mightbe'apilpealed to. I only wish I knew hOw I ought to got) at. 'our very «y««t-j, / Are »ometin>w like our jutlj{nient«--blln4,'rI will tfy to let you know. The best-informed and 44 are commencing to desert their master." defenders beeide the Donda of recniitH »o lttborioun1y collected loaves and lishes are a 1with the priests and codini)~<; horse's head, and wielded a knobby ash plant with thenow are agreed that if there ever wore any orders LATER.—The official Turin Gazette contains a dis- efficacious protection of Imperial France; it Htill has the support for this purpose.V. If you know any Italiaini residenutslihJl ance opinions ,wcro not much divided, although his often-deceived Austrian sub- issued for the retreat of the garrison, they have patch dated the 54th May, relative to the enceunter of of the eldest daughter of th© Church, who, without expecting London; will youf let them see this letter, or, bettor; thitk and thin admirers asserted he had no match inPalermo, the bights around whieh were occupied byinsurgents. An attack was Imminent. Gen, Lanza tlancivilkftUon."*1Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Untitled Document" ''lcrThe conduct of the Neapolitan Government was de-The result of the race for the Derby was telegraphedMARSAI.A; May 16, lg&O. that undertaking as put forth by the promoters of theEvents are crowding upon us. Yesterday, the?15th Danish route,,and pointing out the disadvantages un- of May, Garibaldi, joined by large numbers of]well->leupon whichThe following account of the Derby race is made up www.fultonhistory.com 