 •_/__Vn_i^___^_2Lfragment of the party, Mr. Douglas, on the other Mr. Craven, in one contract the city lost $40-AM _S—WU#VLUnSStL^^hand, was "unanimously nominated in a con- tten representing more than two-thirds of all the electoral rotes."000 hy giving it to Fairchild A Co. instead of to Cummings & Co.; that the Engineer made a mistake of $140,000, and was liable, therefore. to make other mistakes, involving serious losses to the dry. Was it not, therefore, theifTmuyt iiA-ooir -KOMI*we are informed, there were thirteen States without the representation of a single delegate,arewnm, Broadway-?•/•*«Next the committee proceed to show up thechanged. Sheep and lambs were plenty aad dull seceders, or Breckinridge Convention, in which, duty of the Mayor to remove him, and is notTbe UnitedFork, arrived at Tybee at at half past four onF i r e n t BfaNxw OuLaARB, July I t , I t mJ 8. Real * Co. 'a bard ware store was destroyed by t n o-day, aad the fire is stillNEW ORLBAW, July IT, Cotton quiet sales to-day 400 bales; qnotsttonnal; middling, 10c : sales of throe Aura I t t baU. ©eiptsof three days 6»0 bales, luraiastSW the same time tost year: increased receipts at this port. 4*0,600 bales; do. at all the ports, TS4,000 bales. Molasses, xte. for prime. Flour declining: sales superfine attS 41 a M tft. pork firm at t n for mess. Tobacco lugs, 2*0. a 6c; leaf 7c. a 7J#t. Sterling exchange, 0 * a s * premium; do. with bills of lading, 8 * a 9 premium. Sight exchange oa New Fork, % a % per cent premium. Nothing doing is freights.Vxw ORLXAxa,July 18, Utt. Cotton.—Sales t#day 860 bales quotations are aoaainal. Molasses 28c. a »0c. Provisions quiet but firm. To-r J M^ S a _ _ 5 ^ ••r»_i-ffiT»r8_rHsjWV*The largest, most enthiiaiaetic and moat imposingdemonstration In the Presidential canvass that has thus far taken place in this city was that which v. as made last night in and around the Cooper In-sheepandlambs,and4,022 swine.The eoUoo market yesterday wore the same quiet as-pect which has characterised it for some days, while the sales embraced about 500 bale?, in lots, chiefly to spin oars, at unchanged prices. The receipts at the ports siace the l i t of September last have reached about 4,442,000 bales, against 8*55,00* in 1850, 3,030,000in MM, sad 2,887.000 in 1867. l b s exports have reach sd 8,898,000 bales, against 2,88*2,0*0 la 186*, 2,512,000 In 1860, aad 3,1*2,000 in 1867. The stock oa hand embraces 206,000 bake, against 182,000 in 1859,135.000 in 1858. ahd 128,000 in 1867. Flour was heavy for most deecrip- tioas of State aad Western, aad closed at a decline inblack republican Convention at Chicago madeabetter exhibition." The reader will thus beprepared for the final decree of this Douglas"SteV atitnte, by that portion of the national democracy some grades of Sc. a 10c. par ML Southernflourwas alsoVBreckinridge wing of the party.The policy of the Douglas faction is war tothe knife. The Committee emphatically de-clare that "no compromise whatever is admissi-ble;" that "emdeeire to ascertain the strengthof the national democracy in every State, Northand South, and intend to ascertain it;" that "wehave made no proposition for a joint electoralticket in any^State. and we earnestly expectthe Engineer is responsible. Are they not suf- ficient cause for his removal?But there are other causes for which both the Engineer and Assistant Commissioner de- serve removal. They have retained in office persons proved to have been guilty of official delinquency, in converting the public property to private use. Now, the charter declares that any officer of the city government, or person employed in its service, "who shall commit anybacco steady; tags at SKe. a t\c., One leaf 7c. a *c. cities, and will leave here on Thursday of next week. Freights sad rrchsnge unalteredthat favors the election of Breckinridge and Lane. easier, while a fair amount of sales was reported. In Thespacioushallwascrowded toitsutmostcapa- wheat good sprue was Ira aad la fairshipping de-city , and still thonsanda could not obtain sdmiaaion; mand, while winter was doll; prima old aad new white and these outsiders organised an independent were in (air request for milling. Corn wasfirmerandyou (the DougRs rank and file) to reject suchpropositions indignantly whenever and wher- fraud upon the city, or convert any of the pub-They will be accompanied by & B. French, Grand Com- mander of the United States.tax ROSTOV roar omcx am.Postmaster Capes, of Boston, left here this afternoon,with authority from tbe President aad Postmaster Gene- ral Holt to remove bis office from State to Summer street. The Department confirmed Mr. Capen's recent notice, is- sued to the citizen*, that he should do so.ARRIVAL Of UR. COEW1X. Tom Cor wi n is ia town.Tax KKKuns or TXX GOLDXX eaten aGeneral Bickney baa published an address to tbemeeting In the Jfceet. The indoor assemblage was presided 'iKr by Mr. Jno. H. Brower, shipping merchant, and waa addreaaed by film, by the Hon. Daniel S. Dickinson, Capt, Marriott and Mr. A. R. Wood. The outside meeting waa presided over by Mr. C. E. Stewart, aad waa addreaaed by Mr. Paul B. Bradley, Levi Cfcatfield, John Van Blom, Isaac Lawrence andmore active, at prices given elsewhere. Fork was tn Our demand* aad prices for new were Arm er, while old wis heavy. Sales of new mess weremade at $19 30 a tl* 60; old do., 818 60 aSIS 02; thin mem, S18 60; clear mess, 830 a $80 50, sad aew prime at S14 30 a 114 60. Cassia was active, and sales of 00 000 mats were made on private terms. Sugars were in good request, with an upward tendency in prices. The sales embraced 2,000 ends, aad 1,200 a 1,300 hhds. meever made;" and that, "if we have any friends in any State, 1st those friends call a State Con- vention at once, and nominate a full electoral ticket, pledged to the exclusive support of Douglas and Johnson."lic property to his own use, or knowingly per- mit any other person so to convert it. shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and, in addi- tion to the penalties imposed by law, shall for- feit his office and be excluded forever after from receiving or holding any office under the city charter."Mono*courted s •elf and oOhe sextet) Q Didh enrdsthen O PMa playing cs: water deal lya; liens wall all thcloset tee Broojirya.Q. Did* be bad be lookagtei • he bartx-eknow wbe Q. DM 1with whoa if be wsai t h atogbtonr xanana an was to theQ Went ptomtf A mentioned haviae auQ Bow to his pbyi sirfbcieet t<J- Can 1 -existed for chronic.Q Mithi to raaatoj aweUtog i£ «uhtosayat "but you d violent u possibilityyou to atwould ha have orcu Q Your If yoe We bun aufflci about it, i Q- Y oe,eweiUng- dtoaryaxe aees aatssithanbe hadQ. Do jInaMr. Lowry. Thar* was a pretty considerable sec- lado. Coflee was firmer, wita sales of 3,000 bags Rio,Knights of the Golden Circle to Virginia aad other That this provision of the charter was vio- Southern States. They are ordered to repair their en- campment in Texas by tbe 16th of September. He says the citizens of Texas have raised money and material to the amount of 8498,00, sad appeals to her sister Southern Btotos for contributions. The object la declared to be to Americaniae |aad Southernize Mexico, looking to tbe establishment of a Southern confederacy. Such a course is to be taken as faction in any State, for any purpose or under missal. Is that not sufficient ground for the will not violate tbe Neutrality tows, the Knights going action of the Board of Aldermen? What more into Mexico aa emigrants, sad becoming bona Ode citi-tion of Douglas men in the hall, aad over and soon they broke out with loud and enthusiastic demonstrations on behalf of their favorite. Th* Breckinridge and Lane men war*, however, hi a vast majority, and they outcheered and on-hinted the opposite faction. Nevertheless, there waa no violation of good order and decorum; and, in met,the meeting waa, for a democratic one, exeeueotiy conducted. Letters war* received from President Buchanan. ex-Governor Stevens, of Washington Territory; Mr. Charles O'Conor, and other distin-guished democrats. Among th* resolutions adopted was one for the appointment of a committee to call n Stat* Convention for th* purpose of nominating State officers. A full report of the proceedings of the meeting is given in to-day's paper.party; and thus the rival sections stand face to1,700 bags Maraoalbo, 160 St. Domingo aad 850 do. Ja-maica, at prices given in another column Freights weredull aad engagements light. To Liverpool, corn andwheat, in ships' bags, were taken at Sd. a 8«£d., aad flour tional Douglas Committee at Washington outlated by persons under the immediate control of the Engineer and Assistant Commissioner, and that the facts were brought to their know-We also publish to-day the address of the Doug-las National Executive Committee to the democra-cy of the country. The proceedings of the meet- tion of Douglas and Johnson, the spectacle ing at tie Cooper Institute last night may be re- presented last night at the Cooper Institute will garded aa a fair exposition of the principles of the be looked upon as an evidence of the grea Breckinridge wine; of the democracy, and the ad- revolution that has taken place in the popular dreaa referred to is an authoritative declaration ofthe position and policy of the Douglas wing of the glory has passed away from Tammany, and theClub, and J. H. Dugaane, who was an unsuccessful ap-•eat of power over the masses of this city is no At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen yester- longer in its Coal Hole. Corruption has workedpudiate them, and the Douglas faction willface. iveniently raise the claptrap hue and cry aboutout its legitimate result, and the venal leaders Alfred W. Craven, Chief Engineer, and Mr. Thomas that have so long betrayed the trust confidedto them have now been abandoned by the right Board, waa taken up. A long communication waa hearted and right loving people.against them, or go over into the republican camp.trict electoral ticket.W. B Murphy, of Albany, offered ss a substitute a pre-CHICAGO, July l t - t P. M. Wheat steady at 81 06 a 81 08 for No. 8, ia store. Cera active aad *c. tower: sales 13.000 bushels, at 41c. a 42c.. in store. Oats firm and *c. a lc. tower. Receipts—840 bbls. flour, 19,000 bushels wheat,88,000 bushels oorn, 4,100 bushels oats. Shipments 8,608 buahels wheat, 163,000 bushels corn. Freights—7e. ofltered, but 7He. are asked, oa corn to Buffnio. Sight exchange on New York 1 \,' per cent premium.Ctxcnaun, July 18. I860 Flour dull and holders are willing sellers. Whiskey 17c. Provtotoas arm. Mess pork aad bud quiet. Sightexebsage oa New York i~T n e G r e a t S o l a r E c l i p s e Y e s t e r d a y . True to scientific prediction, tbe great solar eclipse commenced yesterday morning at precisely tea minutes past seven o'clock, aad never was a similar occurrence witnessed under more favorable circumstances. The sky was bright, clear and unclouded, and the temperature- at least durtog the time occupied by tbe eclipse—was mild aad balmy. Tbe sun bad risen early from bis depthsto the east, and by seven o'clock was streaming downbrilliantly upon the city in rays of gorgeous light, whichseemed to be more daarllng than usual in honor of theextraordinaryoccasion.Peoplewereupalmostasearlyas old 801 himself, and smoked glass was nearly in asgreat demand as the Nxw YORK HKRALD, which was bought up like lightning by all who desired full particu- lars relative to the eclipse. Among tbe public in general— the reading sad intelligent public—aa unusual stir was noticeable, but it most be admitted that people did not appear to be affected by as much excitement as tbe ea- casion might seem axtoxteted to inspire.Tbethousandsof peoplewho wereoathelookoutsky- ward for the first appearance of the eclipse were duly gratified at tea minutes past seven o'clock, whoa the moon just tipped the top of the sun, marking the solar disc with a small dark speck, scarcely discernible to the eye. As minute after minuse fled, however, the speck grew larger sad larger, until after tbe expiration of asses a quarter of an hour, when about tbe sixteenth part of the sun seemed to be, aad was in (act. invaded by a black crescent, represented by the moon, now deprived of her silvery brightness by tbe aide of tbe more brUlnat lumi- nary. Tbe darkness oontteaed to increase regularlyuntil ten minutes past eight o'clock, or exactly an hour after the commencement of tbe eclipse. At this moment six digits, or tbe northern half, of the sua was eclipsed, sad tbe obscuration bad reached it* highest point In this city. No unusual daskness overspread the sky, atday afternoon the subject of the removal of Mr.like is in power. Mr. Wood's clearness ofhead,firmnessand decision, with great adminis-trative ability and mastery of details, markhim out as the right man for the Mayoralty,may be forced into the background before and instead of throwing obstacles in his way, from each Congressional district in the State, to conferFlour Steady.B. Tappeo, Commissioner, of the Croton Waterreceived from the Mayor containing charges and But the success at the Cooper Institute lastPerhaps, however, upon this suicidal policy of no quarter, the belligerent Douglas leadersamble and resolution recommending tbe adoption of tbe Bell and Everett ticket, as tbe best sad most effectual mode of carrying out the views of Houston men.iipecmcatjona against Messrs. Craven and Tappen,and giving additional reasons for their removalnight proves to the selfish politicians who have so long betrayed the best interests of this com-November. The tide is evidently turning it is the duty of the Board of Aldermen to against them, as they will discover probably be- second his efforts for the good government ofwith similar committees heretofore appointed by other Conventions, to form a compromise upon an electoral ticket in the State, to be supported by all parties opposed to sectionalism corruption at tbe North, and secession sad disunion at the South.from office. A number of remonstrances fromcitizens against the removal of Mr. Craven mercial metropolis and of the Empire State thatwere also received. The communication from the people cannot be marshalled except in de- the. Mayor waa referred to a select committee fence of the great constitutional ^principles of of three, consisting of Messrs. Genet, Boole the land, and that without these parties can and Starr, and the remonstrances were laid on the neither be founded nor held together. The mer- table. Tie Comptroller sent in a draft of an ordi- cantile and industrial classes of New York have nance providing means for increasing the supply of thus far refused to lend the sanction of their I'roton water. The Board adjourned till Monday presence to the political gatherings of the pre- next. sent campaign, because on the aide of the blackTh* Coroner's investigation into the circum- republicans they saw only an aggressive aesault stances connected with the assassination of Messrs. on some of the most vital principles of thefore many days are over.ticket.Mr. A. J. H. DroAXXK, of New York, moved that a com-mittee of five be appointed to name an electoral ticket, which was adopted, but tbe Chairman refused to appoint tbe committee, on the ground that tbe Convention was not composed of Houston men, aad was a nrce, while his own friendship for Houston was sincere.The committee was then named by the meeting, sad after a brief consultation they reported that they had selected an electoral ticket composed only of electors from districts having delegates at tbe meeting.Walton and Mathews was concluded yesterday, andthe jury rendered a verdict that John Walton came cliques that endeavored to gather them together,in the columns of the HERALD.. AS seen fromthiscity,thespectaclewasverybeautifulandinteresting. How it looked farther north, where ARBJVAL OF THE FLYING FISH AT ST. JOHNS, THE toral ticket from Albany.to his death by a pistol shot wound Inflicted bythe hand of Charles Jenerds, the stepson of de-neither principle nor honesty of purpose. With the exception of Mr. Dickinson, none ofthe eclipse was greater, we shall happily he in- formed by the scientific corps which the go-ADVANCE COURIER OF THE PRINCE.St. Joans, July 18,1860.Mr. DTUASSE stated that tbe committee could not find a Houston man in that district.TheCRAIRKAN, being an Albany man, expressed tbe be lief that he was out of place in tbe chair.Mr- HASBROOK moved that Mr. Van Rensselaer be put on the ticket ss an elector; bat be declined, declaring that the formation of a partial ticket was aa insult to Mr. Houston. He therefore resigned tbe chair aad toft tbe Convention, with some others; sad after somesevere personal abuse had passed between three or row of tbe persons present, the affair broke up in a sort of indiscri- minate row.ceased. The accused, after the usual prelimina-ries, was committed to the Tombs to await the the names presented to the meeting last night,Her Britannic Majesty's steam gunboat Flying Fish, the advance vessel of the Prince of Wales' squadron, arrived vernment despatched to Hudson's Bay territory at this port at eleven o'clock to-day. She left England on the 1st of July. The main squadron woukStaavs Devon-action of the Grand Jury. or of the prime movers in it. were thoseand Labrador, to make observations.This enterprise on the part of the govern- ment at Washington is suggestive of the fact that the United States have always taken a deep interest in science and discovery, and,port on the 11th.Inltcd States Commissioner's Conrt. Before Jos. Bridgham, Esq.THE SLAVE TRADE.of old leaders whom the people have Eastern yesterday, among whom were * number of been accustomed to follow. A new setaJan. eaeaw pw asava^v a eaaa> an svaama-aw j ape w^* sur^a^e aw J ^^san § paid tothe subject of litigation in the courts, and will astronomers are not second to any in the probab1y bo regarded at a test question with world, aad with the aid of our numerous ob-reference to the whole of them. An injunction urns toufrbt for aad obtained in the Supreme Court on Tuesday, by the people of New Tor* ami others, restraining the grantees of the SeventhAvenueor"BroadwayParallel"Rail-Hon A. W. Boel, of Michigan; H. D. Bacon, Esq., and M. Collins, Esq.. and ftunily.aU of St. Louie; L. Middle-ton, EBq., of Panama; P. G. Juntos, Eaq., of Philadelphia1 DcBcqrx, Iowa, July 18, 1880. The Democratic Convention for the Second district of this State, held at Cedar Rapids yesterday, nominatedfie. Lorm>J.ily 18,1860Morethantenthonaandpersonavisitedth*Greatshe Chicago Zouaves; but th* lattof gave noexhibi- tion of their military evolutions. The exhibition of the Great Eaatern will close on the 28th instant, and on Monday, th* 30th, ah* will make an excur- sion trip to Cap* May, returning on the Wednesday following. The far* for th* excursion isfixedat ten dollars. Th* ship will leave for England on the 16th of August.has come forward, and the enthusiastic cheers which hailed the hearty condemnation that was poured by the speakers upon the venal and corrupt Albany Regency and Tammany clique show plainly the new tide that has set in in the popular feeling.JULT 18.—The Cmferf States v$. Heithqua Da Costa,considering the age of the republic, it may be charged with fitting out a davtr.—Two persons, named Bell and Everett Ratification Meeting- atWo publish in another column a despatch fromJohnMcerianey, the pugilist, endorsing his letter investerday% H>uu> as genuine and the challenge aggressive assaults upon any of them. In this as bognt. Batata left for Troy but night, andMorrtoaey i» at Saratoga, in bad health. The pugi-listic excitement, therefore, la now upon the de-cline.exploration began to manifest itself. The far- seeing mind of Jefferson—which deduced from the existence of large rivers at this side of the Rocky mountains the supposition that rivers of large dimensions lay also on the other side—heard of the matter was seeing his name mentioned in the papers.The parties then left, and no other bail had been offered up to tlu- closing of the office.Personal IntelligenceSpeechs were made by J. Dixon Roman, Frederick 8toy,and other distinguished Marylanders. Tbe various wardassociations marched with transparencies illuminated. toast so as to lie «8jBjB* to the weak sight of huma- Monuments drawn by horses, bands of music, and all nity, aad mat o T f i people who were at tbeTh*BoardofEducationlasteveningadoptedthe report of the Finance Committee on the *wnfa-*i of the Fourth ward teachers, after a long debate.The Board of Cotanttetioners of Police, at their meeting yesterday afternoon, dismissed from the fore* Lawraaoa DeJeaoey, of th* Beventh precinct. Four hnudltrl dollars waa paid into ike Widows' and Orphans'Pond, which waa received by the tommtsnfonff*duringtheputtweek. Anorderby th* General 9hptrmtaadeat theseveral pre-Recaption of Mr.la» in Boston. Josxox, July 18,1880.tbe approaches to tbe Revere tost night. Ia response to en- spoke about ten minutes fromAt th* meeting of th* D,thing for a young country to boast of, withthrough the Legislature last winter has become land and wife, of New York, are stopping at the Everetta great material destiny to work out Our House.aad tbe constitutionCongressional Nominations.^asked me if I would treat him. 1 told aim I bad a fewmoments before taken a drink aad did not feel inclinedforanother Just then. He thee said, "Come aloag aadI'U treat." I replied that it did not make any miwho treated, but that I was not inclined to drink.then commenced pouring out tbe most tosuntoc epitlcalling me "loafer sucker, thief.son of a ,'Tex. Noti let* intuiuhMU, No i-.o-eoamenp. The matin of•st£ sjaxtnxo awwarn w ansa m§sjsmsay w aa^a*At IPOaaa4£9 atJeW bvosm*excellent ones—our acute observers of the « „ n. _. «_« BOMOS, July M, lata Todd for Congress for tbe long term, aod a full count v and legislative ticket.Dermot struck me on tbe side of tbe face aad to tho I took hold of bin aad told him I woul t him arretted if be dkt aet leave me. I theeadjourned unta this caon__| atledge our leaned men hasp even fact with those of Europe, while in many things where ecerg) and daring can accomplish a result they are ahead of them. This late expedition to pro-NEW YORK HERiU-D.^-w-*_"_w_*_**_*%*•_AI « ,fc_^_wj%Jni.»- _(-w-ii-i' -i* * " * — * ^ovnoa__»_a_M_s_»*---es9S* atoftTf and mail*. The Parana left on Tntadajr extraordinary document will command the alteram*, aad the CoWen Fleece aafla tail after- special attention of every politician of every» avateaaserV . .Oaptotogo, or one of the largest that cent left New YoHfc LD a steamer.Acoordiagto the City Inspector's report, thereBeginning with the Wilmot proviso .move- ment of 184fi, the committee in the premisesat 2a. 3d.The Meeting- LastIt*The Breckinridge and Lane ratification meet-ing held last night at the Cooper Institute waa a great success.When it le remembered that a few weeks ago Tammany was able to exhibit but a half filled hall, notwithstanding the fact that the sachems were there in grand costume, the old war horses of the democracy came in full tide, and all the appliances and the once honored name of Tam- many were invoked to respond to the nomina-of order. There is to be no truce, no compro- ledge, there cannot be the shadow of a doubt mise, no quarter, given to the Breckinridge The penalty imposed by the charter is dis-mind against the old corrupt organizations. Theplicant for a seat to the recent Bell aad Everett Coaven-t ion at Utica.After effecting a temporary organization with James L. ACams, of Westchester, as chairman, the meeting took a recess until half-past two.A mass meeting was called for the evening.The Convention reassembled at three o'clock. J. P. Tsa Rensselaer, of Albany,was named as President, and Daniel Bradbury, of Ulster; E. D. Cummings, of West- chester; Geo. E. Chapin, of St. Lawrence, .and others, Vice Presidents and Secretaries.78,000 bushels corn, 3,600 buahels rye.OBWROO, July 18—8 P. M.Flour dull but steady: sales small at 86 26 a 88 60 for common to extia State, and t t 76 a 87 for favorite doable extra city brands. Wheat in limited demand: sates 1.000 bushels Milwaukee club No. 1, at 81 20, wad 1,000white Buehtaaa at 81 88. Cora easier:last night 8,400 bushels Illinois at 68}*c., today 8.000 bushels do. at 63c. Oats, barley aad rye qatot. Caaal freights advanced >jc. oa grain: flour ate., wheat 0*e corn Sc. to New York. Lake import*—000 bbls. Sow, SSOt buahels wheat, 80080 do. corn. Caaal export-1.260 bbla. Sour, 3,800 bushels wheat, 6.000 do. corn, 18.000 do. ante.Union,and,onthepartofotherpoliticalTheVisitofthePrtWeeofWales.Mr.Calhoun,ofAlbany,inquiredwhowas,ontheelec-This new tide is turned in support of the principle of the equal rights of all the States, and the condemnation of all abstractions andNo sooner was the government securely es-tablished in its independence than the spirit of any knowledge of the party, aad said the ftrst hegreat fact wefindtoe triumphant evidence that the great revolution which is going on ail over the country has at heart the preservation of the Union and the complete destruction of all se- ceders, disunionists and revolutionary dema- gogues. The professional politicians aad spoilsmen nave overleaped their saddles, anal the people have revolted from them in disgust, and left them to a merited contemptLet the lesson he an instructive one to the new men who are coming forward to lead the masses. Letthemadheretoprinciples,aad not man, or else the tide will leave them asled to the famous expedition of Lewis aad Clark, of Our, Elinmtairt it Pilitntologie tt it G&ogie, «8c.and the discovery of the Columbia river—an Hon. Daniel S. Dickinson, of Binghamton, and Hon. J. M. Daley, member of the Provincial Parliament of Ca- expeditionundertakenwithaviewto the ulti- nada,andpartyfromMontreal,arestopping attheFifthmate availability and value of that immense Avenue HoteLHon. Eli Thayer, of Massachusetts: Hon. JohnS.SIocum,other iudications of political enthusiasm. Letters ware read from J. W. Gerard sal Erastos Brooks, of New York; Mr. Raadalpb, of New Jersey; Leslie Coombs, of Kentuc- ky, ana other prominent members of the party.tune curiously peering tsxOugh their pieces of smoked glass up in tbe direction of the sun expressed tbemseires surprised at tbe tamcaess ortfte whole aflhir, declaring that it was not such a great sight after all. Those who had expanded their twenty cents in the purchasing of diagrams were •specially down an the eeltese, charac- terisingttasaperfectswindle.From tbe period of tbe greatest obscuration, the dark 0"*.- fuded gradually away, sad at ten minutes paetatee o'clock the butt 1ingering speck had vanished. During tbe eclipse scientific observations were taken at diflbreal_) area-sot year » Car np to 54 .Oel. The ba- road and the Corporation from taking any ac-oa the loth test., Hoe. C. W. Price wat nomi-i •< to savor of the '. iisfat of th*.I n Order, took v . Tana,when M r- • randTflacaeaa.3 xeesa.tae•*rmatSAm«aHon. Edward Everett, Governor Banks, Judge Do later than they have been observed by the Chief Justice Shaw, Hon. Solomon Parsons, ofwith maby others.most eminent scientific men in Europe. At the_ Tbe exercises of the graduating class seemed to give0-until the trat Moo-The election of City Treasurer to-day resulted to th- sue the course of science, geography aad na- Motley, of Barton, and Lord Lyons, British Minister at choice of J. H. Teach, (rep.,) by 802 majority.tts construction,injunction order, granted by Judge In-Missouri sxaaaa get a Urge vote.d canvas tbe district. He will ran at me aad gavecould not saaxd such boltvtog aa repealedNEW YORK HERALD, THURSDAY JTOLYA aotfctabtt tact into* career of feat Gelwajaad Mew York atanataalf Uoe is that two of itsUrp •triiaa-ife lis ftraar irf "—«— •—-—- full length, the warlike manifesto of the Ma cure an accurate observation of the eclipse is leave oor port within three daye of each other,aod w ith as marh targe at their c apecity allows the Douglas democratic faction, "to the demo- in the prosecution of accurate scientific infor- them to take, besides thaw complement of paa- cracy of the United States,'' satisfied that thisifJ *City of CsMsKeBaxawOsxTinoon* with about _W> tana of mtocellaneeu* car- political party or faction in the country.The newspapers are making a, great fuss about the removal by Mayor Wood of the En- gineer aad Assistant Commissioner of the Cro-v contention of marts i managers is now sitting if the people are wise enough to send respecta- North Pole, if indeed any land there be in that ty are Bishop Alfred Lee, of Delaware, Rev. Taos. HUL«v the 8k. Nlrlnlnt Betel They met yesterday ble, conscientious members to Albany, theyinhospitable clime.In almost every department of scientific know-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069President of Antioch College, aad Rev. Wm. Brook of London.The graduating class to day numbered one hundred said tjtp.p rntag^nod after• *•* W e t •"**» essnatmf, nmybeaJlwir^()fftiiesmtutebookinabatch.Untitled DocumentNo signs, of the Ooaaaught. Race.Foggy aad calm at CapoWe tpasad before oar readers this morning,tional Executive Committee at Washington, of another evidence of the public spirit manifested mation.of past The goverumeat a stul largely intag boundary, as |I mted States sadprovided for ia the treaa^ betwess toeSuwjSzw.JairaMssaSix convicts, who ware an the asarWi quarry at theprison, attempted to escape tha afternoon by .ruaatag prison, attempted to escape ton anernooa by .ruaatagguard One of then, earned John Rbavu. wax past tbe guard One oftbem, aamed Joan Ebavx. wasahotb) the officer, J Sartes^th* bail passed taroayt au bead, klfltog aha metaaUy. CavtoUea fcsRStom,taeiMle. itoMwutttosawptokpoeket.whe to serving eat bar at voath term, was thberrttoogxttoaxtdeer,, sad ortaced a aetormavs-adt to be token back to tbe prison alive He made* with principal keeper & T. Oalxxc,"*5\S• a *r, July Is,_ , Van Buren aad John Van Bursa \were 442 deaths ia the city durtog the past week, as first give us something of "the history of the ton Aqueduct Board. The Board of Aldermen,question of slavery in the Territories," includ-of 11 a* compared with the mortality of to whom the Mayor tent a communication an-lent eaoeee. The nativity table givee 296 natives of the United States, IS of Irelaod. 36 of Germany. 6 of England, » of Scotland, aod the balance ofBeef cattle yesterday advanced half a cent per mebulkoftheofleringsbeinginthehandH of speculators, aad prices ranged from 7c. to 10cwhich they make it appear that while the se- original estimate of the cost by more than cedem represented hut a factious and mutinous $60,000; that, in pursuance of the estimate ofUf Ian than occurred ing, by all means, that terrible box of PandoraOAVB LAW.to the Secretary ofnouncing the removal on the 11th inst, have week last year. The re- to the democracy, the Kansas-Nebraska bill. refused to take action on the subject, on therouuaaa Airo Au order I is recently beea1 death of dteeese of the The committee next proceed to give what they ground that the reasons alleged are insufficient 106 of the brain and nerves. 6 of designate the '-excuses" of the anti-Douglas Another communication was sent to thethe generatire organs, 13 of the heart and blood democracy "for altering the Cincinnati plat-vessels, K of the lunge, throat, 4 c , 4 of old age, Aldermen last night, aad that was referred to aform;" aad thee they follow with a very in- committee. What are the facts? CT of diseases of the akin and eruptive fevers. 142 teresting summing op of the revolutionary pro-War, to exchange Colt's pistols for a large tot of aid sad useless United me, whichprove a splendid bargain for tbeSenator Davis' snap law,the purchase of patented , forbids tbe War taking advantage of the otter.saoaaxAar FUND'S aawtamat 6^retaryFloydhasgoastoVlrginlnforafewday»foopnnite business. He will return on Friday.Senator Bigier tbe BreckinridgeThe tisa of chesetus where be.instead of touring ia doubtful Southern States, is riewed here as very significant. Senator Douglas stated to a gentleman ia Mew Turk the other day that be con - sidered one thing settled to this Presidential campaign, namely, that the next President would come from IUiaois. TEB TRIAL OI UK. SCRAXABEL.Mr. Schnabel, who Heenanixed General Bowman in the Constitution office the other day, will be brought op for trial before tbe Criminal Court of this District to-morrow, upon the charge of assault aad battery. He will submit a statement to the Court, which, rumor says, Will be- come a new sad very interesting chapter relative to the I^ecompton policy of the administration, out of which grew the charges made against him in the Centtitutim. which occasioned the assault upon Bowman.VBUI OF KNIGHTS TSMKAI TO XXW TORE. Washington Commandary No. 1 of Knights Temolar of Freemasons have accepted aa invitation from the Com- msnderissdf New York city and Brooklyn to visit thosecity today.They ace aa their way toOf diseases of the stomach, bowels aod other di- ceedings of the several recent conventions at festive organs.ttof general fevers. 1 of diseases ofthe oriaary organs, 1 ooknown, aod 13 from vio- Charleston, Richmond aad Baltimore, fromMayor Wood discovered that the estimates of the work done op the Reservoir exceeded theMilch cows were quiet Veals were steady and un-at about previous rates. Swine were also plenty,and told at 6c. a 6|c. per pound. Th* total re-ceipt* were 3,358 beeves, 157 eowa, 790 veal*, 12,881 and that "so far as nationality is concerned, thethe cause sufficient?Again, the materials employed on the workin Forty-ninth street are found to be of inferior quality to those guaranteed by the contract, and there are errors in the grade of the work in Thirty-ninth and Fortieth streets which mayNational Executive Committee touching thepolicy of that side of the house towards the lead to litigation and loss. For these mattersThus all the friendly offices of Mayor Wood in behalf of a treaty of peace in this State, and the movements of the Breckinridge leaders and organs in Pennsylvania and Virginia looking to the same object, are pronounced by this Na-any circumstances. The fight -of the Douglas faction is not with Lincoln, but with Breckin-would they require?The facts to which we have adverted are therepresented to number 60,000 members. Meet inn of the Friends orridge, for the ascendancy in the democratic'party—a fight which, if kept up, will surely -best answer to the journals who are raising anarrival of the Great Eastern.The eclipse was true to time, almost to asaid to be in advance of any other nation in this respectTravers and Robt. Griffiths, were presented as bail for the defendant, but, after a searching examination by Judge Roosevelt, they were found insufficient.Mr. Pinkerton, of Attorney street, who, it was reported, had offered to become bail for Da Costa, denied havingB a l t i m o r e . *• i^ I ^ _ BALTIMORK, July 18, 1800.The Bell and Everett ratification here this evening is immense aad the greatest enthusiasm is displayed. The front of the court bouse is brilliantly decorated with transparencies. Sags, mottoes, ex. The number present is fully double as great aa attended tbe ratification meet- ings of either branch of tbe democracy. Mayor Swana presided.MayorH o e d , Che• a d tat* Board of AJUtenaeauBoardw~"' !tf.Jlj•TM' «*''"^''^4*#wFROM B E NATWMl CAPITAL- ••" !.H§{ipjSi- W^f*^Now t . ork, MatW * • •'""Sato? d BtoU^ ritbetbn' W n f l l B s t B t i . W D w T t t o t J %WIAI wm JaHaaM WfDlsxmlODPr. Aa*u pTvvVGO M •sp»»asm wav BBXSBVthe Empire City.- A long debate followed, with considerable none aad confusion, nearly terminating in a general row; but at_____""" T\for surty-seveamail seavice rendered.the debt of this arm for valuable trains ofdestroyed on tbe plains by the Indireaontosy, ia oonocqiwnr* of the gum •neat aUing to furnish tbe necessary escort authorised in theirvan tamma aumawsaa. It is reported that some of thethe Capitol extension, who were originally employed by Captain Meigs, were discharged to-day forCrotoaAqmedmetoutcry against Mayor Wood, and show that hiscourse is reasonable and based upon con- Upon the programme of this Douglas mani- siderations of public good. He may be festo it is easy to solve the riddle of this Presi- called a despot; but that is just the dential election. The Breckinridge wing will kind of person that is required for a city go- take away from the democracy of the North vernment like ours. We have always con- the last hope of carrying a single Northern tended that the responsibility ought not to be State. The Douglas democracy may turn over divided, and that the power ought to be cen- some of the border slave States to John Bell. tralized in one bead, in order to its efficient But Lincoln will be elected; and where, then, and harmonious exercise; and those who are will stand these belligerent advisers of Mr, now opposing Wood were formerly zealous Douglas? The Southern democracy will re- advocates of the same principle, but con-Mr. Hasbrook presented aa address, taking ground in favor of Sam Houstia, as an independent candidate for have to prolong the fight, with all the odds despotism merely because a man they do not the Presidency, and recommending the selection of a dis-put this party in the same grave with the old whig party.AHoustonmet at noon today. Not overSAILOIG or TUB PKBSU.—The steamship Persia sailedTHE ECLIPSE YESTERDAY.—The grand sensa-tion which the combined talents of the sun and 180 passengers and $400,000 in specie. Among tier pas- address adopted, aad Commodore Stockton, of New Jer-moon prepared for us yesterday came off withfrom the stream yesterday afternoon, for Liverpool, with length the substitute was voted down and Mr. Hasbrook s sey, named as Vlee President, to be run on tbe sameseurers were Mr. Watts Sherman, Mr. UUman, of the great eclat and precision but without as much Academy of Music; Mr. William Vincent Wallace, the cele- excitement as the visit of the Japanese or the brated composer; Mr. John Brougham, Miss Agnes Ro- bertson and Mr. Dion Bourcicault. A large number of persons connected with the musical and theatrical pro- fessions visited the ship and made their adieux to the second, and true, also, to the diagram presented artists who took passage in her. Mr. Ullman goes to en-gage artists for the ensuing opera season.district of country lying between the backbone of Rhode Island, and Major Williamson, ct Virginia, areof this continent and the Pacific shore-now stopping at the Astor House.being so rapidly developed. Since then our Nam M'ltiw arawa. of tsaasamt -Tfrsn p«*»»«»««i« «^i vens, HOB. E. K. t• were maoe by Oliver Ste pototis to tbe city, and photographic vtowsweretatomey Maine, sad ft. C. Bailey, edi- Mr. L. M. Rotbertord at his privste observatory, <of BttAto; J. E. Thompson, Esq.. sad W. F. Leech, Esq , tor of the BostonPrevious to the speak ing seve- exploratory have been busy. Both public aad. both of Philadelphia, are stopping at the St. Nicholas ral hundred citizens shook hands with Mr. Douglas in theof Second avenue aad Tenth street.Ttee Late Shooting] Affair. CARDraostnarcrrnaaaaaLPCOAK.private enterprise have furnished the means, Hotel. main parlor of the hotel. Dennis Kimberiey, Esq., of New Haven: E. Oanedo.andthegeniusofourracehasfurnishedthe ^A°iJfS*^: c*mrtM »•Raher,B*l-,ofPhiladelphia] Kentucky Democratic State Convention.men, until we have penetrated and explored W B. bwtft. Esq., of Boston; Thomas Muir, Esq., andFRAXXXORT, Ky., July 18,1880 Tbe democratic State Convention was held in this citythe entire continent.In all branches of science we have keptvantagetothemen\bjr*oftut fiveemailrailroadgridironswhichwerejuggledpacewiththeOldWorld,whichissome-Tfbkermao.Esq.,ofRacine;Gen.B.F.Brace,ofCant-andeloquentspeech,professingfatedevotiontotheUnionPatrickMcDermot(notMcDonald)stoppeduptoicincts babe hsntwrt In at eleven o'clock instead of suddenly as it has turned in their favor.J. M. Douglas Etq., w. B Ogden, Esq., sad F. R Coo- ton McCtrty, Esq., was unanimously nominated for the at the corner of Thirteenth •treat sad Broadway, Clerk of the Court of Appeals, to the evening Hon. Johnnine A.M. Thh will be, no doubt, of great • RJUJKUD G u a n o s SMASHED.—One of theJ j . E 8 q . , o f a u c a g o ; T P . Davis, Esq., of Syracuse; S. C. Breckinridge was serenaded. He responded in an able versmg upon business matters, when a pereoeall the new planets, comets aad other heavenlyphenomena, in many cases only a day or two Amocg the prominent guests oa tbe platformtot go my bold of him and went down Vtbieaatb street. " to opposition to Hon. Jno. a Phelps. ha tollowed. aad there struck me thrw r* Mir ttmr* 1to made returnable oa the25thlast. presenttimethereare two American expedt ThedegreeofLLC, was oonferreed upon the followin Milw/nnkee. MnvwAcaaa, July 18.1880.I drew my revolve* and Area al him.aodto follow aw or beor words to Utah effect.Your report was wrong m atoStog that 1had a quarrelwith him to a barroom, aad tteat the dispute arose about Morrtoaey aad Heetum. 1 bad no coaven tttoa wvib bbn about either of those chamr.ioes I regret cxjrcedtnstty that aa iaaocea* giallamsa ahoald have beentojwredou the oceastoa. ItopertfuVy jQfjN PCOAN.1 have read th? above rard.aod find U a true statement of farts. 1 was astoeiar-.ed «i ike Ume taat Mr. Dugaa did act repel h* asaattoa* math sooner than ho did.(irX> W. CLACKNES.legal warfare against these infamous rail- b thus commenced, and may continueuntil the next session of the Legislature, when,tions on their way to the Arctic regions to pur- ing gentlemen:—James Walker, ex President of Harvard College; Hon. Wm. B. Reed, of Philadelphia; John Lothroptural phenomena in the terra incognita of the Washington.Amocg those receiving the degree of Doctor of DiviniWentteew Report.Sv. Jonas, N. F., July It,Wind southeast; theraometer 76 degrees. Tne eclipse has Just commenced on a quarter of the sun.JohnOrr, F*q., of Glasgow, Scotland, are stopping at the Clarendon Hotel "" 'Aboat half past eight o'clock oa Tuesday evening I waa today. Seventy seven counties were represented. CUa- to company with Deputy Marshal Oackaer, anand Mr. A. ttiptoy, of the Uniteo States army, areservatories, whether belonging to the govern- stopping at the Metropolitan HotoL ' ' T Ben. M. Samuels for Congress.wishing to degrade tbe oxtoe which 1 bold by setting into ment or to our colleges—many of which prove Coi eneement of Harvard College. The Union County Convention to-day nominated Albert a street row, T endeavored to go quietly awav, when Mcheavens have been enabled to discover almostThe Harvard College commencement exerenes place today i s tbe First church, tt Cambridge. Church was packed to repletion.SfRLvcnxu). Mo., July 18.1380, Breckinridg. e,and I ane rat ideation meeting, beldBALTmoax, July 18,1809 Flour active and firmer Howard street aad city mills aew superfine. 08 26. Wheat quiet sad steady red at $120atl*;white,SISOatl60. Corndull:yellow. Sac. a ate.; white, Its. a 75c. Previa tons native sad firmer: aeas pork, 880; rump, 814 60 aa advance of 60cWhitkey, *»»c.PBJLAMLPRTA July 18,1609. Flour quiet: superfine 86 26. Wheat quiet: red, 81 ST a 8128; white, 8130 a 81 40. Corn steady at 80s. Ohiowhiskey tic.AIAAXT, July 18-d P M. Flour and wheat market exceedingly dull:tions of aar extent, Corn arrives freely, but buyers are out of market: sates only a few car lots, at tla. air West- era mixed, delivered at ty dsprt.2,000 bushels Canada West at 88c. Whiskey •alea of 80 bote., at ale.BrrFALO, July 18—1 P. M. Flour steady; demand fair. Wheat dull aad a shade eaaier: salsa 8,000 boabels ho. 2 Chicago spring at 81 1<X Cora dull sad heavy; parties apart; no sales. Oats firm sales 10080 bushels Western at 83>ic. Rye lower: sales 800 bushels Western at 88c.Whiskey a shade firmer sales f t bbls. at 20c. < freights unchanged. lake imports to-day:—600 flour, 7,000 bushels wheat, 19,000 bushel exports:—81.000 battels wheat, 107.80011,000 busbeis oats,4,000 bushels rys.BVTTALO, Jury 18—8 P. M. Flour steady ahd to fair demand: sales 2,000 bbla., at xens under, it tt said, Mexican sanction. The Order is 88 87^ a 84 for sour, 84 87>; a 86 for extra Wisconsin and Canadian, 86 a 85 26 for extra Indiana and Ohio, aad 86 60 a 88 for doable extras. Wheat dull aad heavy: sales e,000 bushels No. S Chicago spring at t l 1 4 * . Cora epeaed dull, but closed with a fob* demand aad steady: sates 8,000 bushels Toledo at 61c. a 61*c., 16,000 bushels Dlinoii at 51>»'c. a 62c. Cats firm aad to good demand: sales 8,000 bushels Canadian at 8 8 * c , 10,000 bushels Western at 88*0. Rye dull and lc. tower : sates 900 bushels at 68c. Canal freights steady; 48c on flour. 11 *c. on wheat, 10 V c on corn to New York. Lake im- ports—10,000 bbls. flour, 11,000 snBill to wheat, 80,000 busbels corn. Canal exports—14,000 bushels wheat,Bowdoin square and all House were closely i thusiastic calk, Mr. theportico. Other i*«meetingSchenectady.ScaxjrscTAJDT, July 18,1860.twenty persons were present, among whom were J. &Van Rensselaer, chairman of the Albany National UnionHe subsequently withdrew tbe resolution, and offered as a substitute a proposition to appoint a committee of oneAt tbeH* has accepted of tbe nomination aad will return to tstohhaiftestrwekates«atoIwoaM«Uartbbn. He thenj*m- www.fultonhistory.com 