 •MkJR»*«»*R5*—rfLonpcHF Dec. 11. JDkdfp JRms city article oftoday were principally influenced from China. In lieu of a mere s war as oar hands. Its cost consideration. A loan may become the influence of these consi-Ameriea seamed to at degree af interest to-day. .SSJK per east eteatog with a to ton share marketsftrmscmpre- - dullness was observable st the discount office of the only moderate in amount, buthitonopeseacal at 4\ 5 par east tor the best bills. \J Pretesentsad IHnwtonef this Dank havedof!tioas of to* w i n t r y From 1«P2, already ander Wli item of Orange, to the toll of toe fsnart party, in piece of the censors hip 'which had for some time ex- isted wader him, bat which was a mild measure com pared to what toOewed, the napto* of the press, of books, of journals, of publications of all kiade. was sul>- joctod to th»Jutted* torn af toe casnia law.To aaderstand the character of that Jurledtetkai. it must be stated that, contrary to the statute law. which is the mw s i nam aad voted by rsiliaaniit the saanmaa law is the unwritten law hwace srripro—whkb remainsat tto> anamaryaad tcaacteaas of the ludgee interpreting the triill teas at toe past; tons thai tow give*a discretion ary power to the judges of the crown as regards theper:»l ties to be pmavunced after the verdtot of the Jury: mid that than,daring ail the time that the Hoc e oi Hanover had in the mt^n»r political or reunions enemies, that is to say, ilintogail that parted af aaastena and viataact, the judges at the Crown exercised the rigorou* right of eon- dematoganyperaoa gutoyef bavtogwritten pnbrtebed or artotod attack* on the Cream and the toato, act only to one, imprteusment, io.irging aad the pillory. but e\ < u to death: and that not as aww,aa a declaration of tlio jary on the ofihace itarlf, but on the simple uceJaratiuu on the fact—Is sack a aatito the anther. poMMfiwr <+ ntiater nfsneha work?Now, if we resect that the Judges nominated by the Crown weie chosen from amcag the meat smlt>us partisans of tkcltomwef Uaaover, aad were eves liable ap to 1 7 » in jtetojtoal by the Crown, it may be hwagiaed what was thethVrryof toe pre«« tor the partisans of the Stuarts: tor the JtK-ubite* toe Catholics or Papists as they were toaa caked, and other enemies of the Mate, itwasonlv attoccadotthe tost rentcry. when theHiasi of Bano-ver had been long c«n-alidated. the party of the Stuarts led> and that of aheChthohVs subjected that on oublk optoton demandnar a modtooatton of rigorousthe many thousand miles through which ho had tra- velled, there was not the same loyalty, because there was not toe call for it in a country which was not subordinated to the Crown oi Eugiand; but there was an amount of respect, of attachment, of Te&eratkm and love for the Qtteen of this country which far transcended anything that could possibly have been expected. (Cheer*.) It w.is a tribute on the part of the American people; it was a demonstration of their veneration for female excellencu, and it was also a proof of their deep and lasting attachment to the mother country. He had no hesitation in saying that the feelim? toward.s the Queen of Great Britain in the United States ofof France, a reassuring effect would immediately be pro- duced.FUSE TBADK AM> THE SOCTHERN ST±TE8.The London Timm remarks that the Southern States of the American Untes are debarred from the advantages offree trade, by a tariff devised for the benefit of the manu factarers of the Northern States, aad thinks that in case of any coacessioas teeing made to them oummercinl free- dom ought not to be the test on the list.SFECIS MOVEMENTS.No bullion was bought from the Bank of Englandb*vtoRv»... •Bas**Ma*ahtie 11-berty of the press, which ssaosgst ns attl! DHM with no enemies,excitessomuchsBssstowit-endpresentsmy daafers. Let us then tee how this feat pro- Itae be** solved to England. and, like the Banana, constantly improving their meant of fighting, Ml even the weapooe ef their enemies, let us profitiam Master af Nottinghamshire.i rigor. The passions of The Duke of Newcastle occupied the chair: aad therewere prevent the Earl of Zetland, Grand xtester of Eng- land, Mr. Bass, M. P., heThe noble D m said—One oi their great principles an FfiHssiannns wasobediencetoallconstitutedauthorities and respect for the existing authorities of the realm. Iheee were principles from which they could under co circumstances diverge. They supported these insiitu tieas not only because they were, bat because they were such as they could wish them to be. It hadbeen his good fortune recently to visit other portions of the globe,SBTMOT/B A. BtJNCE, Coaster aad Secretary agoaditemsiilwasexperi- /1HEMICAX*BAXE,NEWVQBE,DEC.JO,Mtk-THEBOARD IN wteeaorafew Euoma with aU the aprivatefamily,on fapatte, avenue, Brooklyn.in.rt mm1,Let set ysar acta* behind that protection, but let them;i bsBstentos. exposed to public discus- sion. Lastly, inspire yourself with the past cmset you by the Emperor, and be assured that It hitor the public interest that you will prove astohim. Aoeept.Asc.F. T>E eERSIGXY• This ia a misprint, we presume; it should be John1.7B4.BSI'25 SjS141 l i t Wtt.11ingmys — Thebyheavyvailedst the cloae.Mun STAI* U l J f i177 JB»ia.auU34TS BBM4BTheDnkfof5*wematle*sViewsofAm.-pJtto.The London Timet' city article of Monday evening toys:—at a s . expenditure. This caused the English funds to open this EXCHANGE BANK OFU n i n4B4JS* H U BEngland, and at each arttoleaf her legislation, astonish- had not witnessed tehimself would be ready to hsttow•.4 -name of liberty, as it ware, the arms and instru-ct liberty to the adversaries of the new icui.iu the sceptre of Great Britain, and, therefore, throughoutW J MSS &£ IKSwad Shoes MA• tu tr*.«vi Te *"•As to the instrument which the law at present existingplaces in my hanus hy toe system of warnings, I have sottodtecttwrt. Sevmheless.if Imaybe allowed to ex andmosthavebeenHOdecidedhaditbeen seen by the aadhtepram my ajtotnp candidly, and without circumlocution, referee. Had thai strangling net taken place, there is thethat system, as an exceptional measure, subordinate to not the most remote doubt on the mind of any just of their brothers the exigescies imposed by toe establishment of a new sad impartial man that two or three more rounds of death to leave a order «f thiags, te doubtless in principle as dictatorial as must have rndnssd the Yankee to attar darkness, hi while families wereSWJ4Slel.SSZ T5151S «8T.2aby the example of oar nvate in glory and in power.1SSS4W^tt 4KJB9 7*7 J UsttMwttimLgte&aa— bask to-dayDirector of theof FmaaoeDirector eg PtebUePteani, ttwctor of Public Instruct or:The number of Deputies to tlte Parlismeui, of Italy from the Neapolitan provinces is to be 114.that founded by the defenders of the House of Hanover; but m ttoplMtlBs it hi mess frank and marc sincere toss If it were disguised under judicial forms, in the manner of the Hanoverians. It is likewise inflniterr more in con-taking leave of toe subject we have only to say that the science and pluck display *d by Turn Sayarsos this occasion not only gratitted the vanity of his countrymen, but would have dose mere to restore the fallen fortunes ofptece (Camp Danielanimal pnmtosa of _well watered sad timbered, nassed were deserted fmr op a 'i •Inatan tons,by the owner m>dcr threats' teg all hie household tumi site behind. Oar camp to men sad children, whoTJOA£ > a ladysnitgeatlamaa, with}Mia, IwiateT, Bteateaaei•ROAJJD.-TOX> avenue, between atabed Knana, amtalric for•wry anilisaii atoto *wirr"1 « 4 M *Jhi.TW4 014 FT* two rival dyBnattes and of two opposite religions, appearthetimessadthe violent stragglJebetweenpartisansofa from SI to $3 per weak J per night. 0:>*a afl algbt.TTTRXIiJITED APARTMENT TO JT requiredstreet. Jersey City. Xjll'RNTBHEDway.TJlURNItiHED ROOMS TO LEB-TO GEKTLEMB*. J7 without Boanl, at Mo. JF Aatoy atraat; bate. aaa. Ac.; tsatwRStc jj'iyMj te^todRMH TxtofikR BxiS* daVadRff* 9 7 S B t M v lasssaS* B MaJhsassm*PrRNTSHED FLtX)B.-A SMALL PRTTATE Ei havtogmof* ream thaw theyeas eeeapy, wkt 1 Bseaad fleie. handsomely famtaaad. wMh closer baa Aa: terma moderate. Apply at 147 East TJdrty-atxthat first to explain thin terrible legislation, bat when we arrive at the prcaent period,whennothing of the passhmssf the mat century exwta. and when, neverthe- less, we behold toe new taws inspirod by the same spirit of severity, b y toe sense peittSsal preoccupations, and 78.CM 979,263 interdicting quite as ahaatetoly the name thing, we can- TSBsA 3el.t2S not but be struck by toe contrast which is to be remark- 118,712 m.Ml ed between the extreme liberty which to oar eyes is en-bank to-day. There was a fall of nearly '* per cent on theParteBoursetoday,occasioned,probablybythenew* TBVTNG iATINOB INSNTFtrnON, NO. to from China. The railway market has been in a quiet po- 1 sweet latereat allowed at to* rate of six per eastwn14W f&tJMGt 440fiS7 4 751JWL & J Mdisplayed, bar Majesty might be fully convinced of the kgblntioe Pox obtained from ParTJament a bill for ap- ardent attachment of her people. Nor was this testOrleans, the houses being these of Messrs. Fellowes k Co., aad Walter Cox k Co. The liabilities of tha former are reported to amount to £8M.0O0. This firm sunpend ed on a former occasion, but are believed to hare paid every one in full.tog the verdict oi toe jary net to i ~ bnt the character of the eeditic a pabllaatjon or libel, nattrraBy made the legislation on theI wjll aotheie dwett en dctoile by enumerating themswhJVhtbe EngrtehlegMationhasphwedatthednv assaiofMeg111lasnnsf;hot1will eketwoebarastorav tic cireasastoseas which will serve to show in what spirit awreve yeans after Pox's hill, whanEngland -IT at the very height of power, and only thoughtI,ithy the dear.'y bmdaaof toxetton cou- asaoent'oa the war and a's»> favored by the unpopuiaritv « the Prtose Regent—it happened, I my. that a kind ofttHkingry demonstrated when his Boyal Highness reachcdtheseshores,torhemetwitha receptionmostenthu-siaalic in its nature at every railway station betweenPlymouth xcd Windsor, m conclusion, he asked them to..nnk -Health to the Queen, and Prosperity to the Craft. the suspension there of Mr. A. D. Blagomeus, a Greek goods,aadaarnateteasll toe atteatioa of to* publletovented toa Jetton of the craws from applying to taiaedu-which extet between' the two countries on thecontinue to be very largeThia Board met yesterday afternoon, Aidenuan tie net3 of Pbelau'a Table.. Boa. fPatos iqaarei.atlteartomtolmS jd Foarth areaua.JABTLtNCELgnp^ C. ONN1NBOR,toe detomaaam ton mtostotes af the nnsamna tew. te.thoi^ aew clrCTiifftoiB?r the Isgflah Pnrlianvc.torctog ton jurj to defend the State, and in fasnemeanoaa tew was eaactrd in m a which pnniahsd by fine and (ttemrs.1 The feeling between the two coun-m aiawamial. antftoamwaf a sesoad iiaaitetoat, wito aatoar. imhrtehwr and prtoter ^f anytriesJustsew te ens of peace and goodwill,aad woe be I- u- when toe '..iy shall come that that peace is broken up. Hf wot: M not «ay that that peace te likelylowingbusinesswaptransacted.—The following veto was received from his Honer theMayor, aad took the usual course:—Ma i u s s Omcs, Saw YOSK, Bee* 21, To TH* HosoKABMt TBS Cosmo* Oacxcu.:—Caxnxmcx—I fail to perceive toe necessity _oc pro priety of the resohition ^that the Counsel to thethat cause the srsaaediags for tosoMaiagoffourth street to bwijJBesatoi s o t h a t toe same shall opened fromr irom Eighth avasse to the Badass rttrar;11same to year hiRjai sbte body wMh my objections. I af. opening the street have been aJready appointed by theid Bond atreeta. BIBlardtiFa•uri ofthebeattenamaOaqratotaeenv. OaajrSftaao'Trni-Swato*•WSBIat.cm ~ -eutleaa-u; teiereaeeare paw ties who propose toideas, their doctrines and their sentimentsed hy the gcrenunent of the State, but to over- the State iteelf—to oppose to the government suchand to toe dynasty another dynas ty—than, whatever may be the weaknew of those parties, rtepeet for national win, public Intorest and toe law do net permit that passions hostile to estabUahed order shallall that retards the roswa of parties in the great family of thetoaUi, retards at the same time the enjoyment of the liberties of our country.and that it may go forth to toe world usee again and for the last tone we here beg to repeat it; it is that had the ring not been broken in at the time it was. and the referee, toreed from his position, he must have awardedtheh. *•UTom,asin the very round when the disturbart •• rccorred Payees twice losilisil the ground with u» knees while held by the neck, aad was on each oeeasion eVUboratety lifted off agate and held hy his opponent, each of which ssto was deliberately Jbut,Sesgrtet. After tourned.i amount of routine bustetxti the Boardadthe Cologne GasatV says, that a perfect understanding formity with toe manners and sltostlsn of our country the ring, had Tom's less fortunate compeers chosen toto between the escntoto Of Berlin nodIt is doibtlem a difficult matter, as it has been in Eng avail themselves of it in the right way, than asy event laad, to dense the point which separates useful discussion of modern times. Unfortunately, however, tnis has not from tkat which t« injurious to the State. It is an aflair been toe case, oad occurrences have taken place ateoe of conscience as delicate for a Xapoleonian mmister as for which, if the members of the PR. ao not stick toge-»energetic m trve to the MflMiea ef thebeen solicited toreta-fCorrespoDdence of the London Post] Konomxux, Dec. 9, lSsV.efarcd* tasitirl) etetomd of ate on and after Wgawasdaof Jaaaarv Cashier.INESOADWJFUBNISHEDA grand masonic banquet took place to the Com Ex- tbe prens in England from change, Nottingham, yesterday, to commemorate the installation of his Grace the Duke of Newcastle as GrandA despatch from Chiaa shows a prospect of prolongedvember 24, toe N*w York ban]ks *how*da ratling off ofnm* MMII322MijoyedbytheFngltehpressandtoerigorofthelawsandexamineonrcoloniesinadistantpartofonly£101.000inthestockofbi,andthishadeteeeMOWBTTOLOAMOKBOMBAWOMOBTGAGB.-SKVB-1MA01 iffSiSS fSfi753 Mi which govern it: toe qwesttea presents itself as to the the world, aad in those colonies he might be been more than msde up by an arrival of SSOOfim from cause of tow phwaossenon, which sspeeja so strange, allowed to say that be witnessed such devotion California. The total held by all the banks was, £3.700,ljMMir aad as it bursts forth at each page of the history of M the sovereign of these realms as no one who MS. eiM-W equal to that heat at She ewimntoadton ps>riod te isto. Am toe arrivals in the next few weeks ment * felt that it ahouid have been so king the custom (Cheers.) The enthusiasm which he saw came from too from California, Havana. England and toe Southern-a the i • •ntiuent to invoke the example of England, not 2J14 3L1 J63A4* 234,017 1.M4.417 only for the puepoae of claiming the grant froedem en- 4ABI.4S1 ! SBMS3 2ML312 t.ST2j7B joyed by the English pram, bat also other liberties which 1.WPJ78 1B.423 ttUWt TAMtta i the most severe and moat rigorous legiatetkm interdict?inmost hearts of all these who displayed it; it was no mere noisy acclamation in the street: it was not a mer>; demonstration of the towns and populous places, bat an enthusiasm exhibited in every back street and thinly populated locality. It was a demonstration of the aiStates of the Inioa will probably range from £l^oo,sa»to £2.000,000 tons adding more than flfty per cent to lb* of tne State of Vrrgrflta. usual suppiv. the fstnre rhsngss hi the market are latelyto be of an interesting and instructive character. Almostthe sole cause of the distrust consisted hi the singular fearBONO AND MORT near Thkd avenue. suit apptf.The*, down to the comajet* annihilation of the party Uchment of the entire people to the throne of England,that a panic would prove to have resulted on this side. abaaed. Apply toTHfi BBOAD, No. U Wall sweet. second to tingle getrtJemen orfaasRtea, Floor* or - News had been received of the advance of the Bank of— jasuitable for families or rtagle gentlemen: locati w pasted; rent low Apply to aVmaakeepertn the bottoms.of toafltoai Is, tow Rnarrlaa tows on the press appear to iiasiMJW».aatunt a.jstuTxM«*MM I have had easy a stogie object—to defead the new dynasty its political or religious enemies, and to interdict,and of their veneration for the lady who at present occu- pied it. (Cheers.) It was a loyalty not of creed, nor of party, nor of race. Alter leaving that country be wen* to another, which, it was true, did not at present ownEngland's rate of discount to 5 percent, an1 of that of theBank of France to 4 s per cent, but the intelligence of ourmovement to 6 per cent remained to b e communicated.As this, however, would be followed by the announce AT n CHAMBERS BTRKET-MONET TO LOAM TO VTO. 7W BBOADWAF—TO LET, AT HO. ment of the entire removal of the difficulty of the Bank any amount on Diamonds, sat or asset; Watebas, X% Bro«d»«r, single or doable ffniwas, aB aaate fur••'";> .• •• ••• •'.•, •••• j | ."•s Haaoveviaa Judge; bat what I asy is. that, ther, will cause the ring to bwnumbered among the cus- unmerciful treatment. ATJOABD FOB A GENTLEMAN ABDX> single gentlemen, tea srteatoftemfiv, with all the< forte . W w - •-._••.•-.• m •:**•)ABD W ANTED-FOR A YOUNG LADYtf I am ready net to draw hack before any tativesat the Diet te support the aibility, in interdicting the pram toand Austria. They are expected to be on the ^Ute, under whatever pretext or withauthority they amy he made, on the other hand I willtoms of too pate, and render sash an exhibition of pluck, endurance and science as the fight at Farnborough as impossibility. Thia mill was freely dteoumed, not only in all the circles hi this country, bat all over toe continent of Europe, and it was obvious, from remarks that have come to our ears, that it was everywherethat so long as sash proofs of iron will, endurancolittle chance of to* aimdenBi of those qualities which have for centuries rendered us the envy and admiration of otherintent on toe road, nearthe flight of the familytop cause of much joy, wethe women partieuterip ei kaadkerchtofe, and by totes of through which weThe would be allnot for oar presence. Liketo his:forth toa His text is always the1_ _ , _ . , a * .umi. ,-fPJPJg ITOWOM, Preslden.:sot consult any private oosaideraticquarter they may enme, hi the resolutions I shall have to tot* tor tins purpose of constantly favoring in our eoun-athe acclimation, if I may use the expression:,It* of free dteeaMios. /Prefet, ia toe order of ideas Wtochlof^oomtoctmal?teneriea could not be designated by any other word he yesterday for exportation, nor are any sovereigns known knew of hut a passion. (Cheers.) Ho bad the gratulca- to have been withdrawn for New York. Some parcels ofwith a oupuj and eouiiorta; le home with an EjigUah faadly. Bourd anflXodging for men. $3 per week: for won***, fig to per week, a< 11 Latah' -tnset, ooraerci St. John* lane, citkm in toe IJ*;ge that morning of seeing a brother—he didr.ot know whether he wait in too room at that moment oruot—who came from America. (It was here announcedthat the brother in question was present.) He (the Duke)was delighted to and tbat he was there, and he should mynothing in his presence which he would not say evenmore strongly in his absence, when he stated that theimpression made upon his mind by that tourney was onewhich time would not efface. He was referring now to thezt-neral powerful influence which toe excellent Queen ofthis country exercised over other nations, aad more es-pecially over those with whom we had a common originand he was certain they would not be wanting on thepresent occasion in that feeling which had been so gene-rally exhibited etoswhere. Having now referred brieflyto the attachment exhibited towards aer Majesty in thecolonies and in the United States of America, he mightimf.ee the fact that a uo less striking demonstration ofaffection was recently seen in the anxiety and alarmwhich be bad been told prevailed in this country respect-ine toe safety o. his Boyal Highness toe Prince of Wales.rCheers.) Prom the manner in which tost anxiety was tion two targe faianwe among the cotton factors at Newand to give (he toast all the masonic honor* (Loud sod protracted eheerteg.)merchant, whose assets are alleged to reach £80,000 against £50,000 liabilities.Another house in Manchester is also stated te be in dif- ficulty, but it te thought a resumption will be practicable as itb Uabtoties araanly £15jM0.The London Herald says that the princpal weak housesis the- GreekThe telegraphkgood »t«ck and our low price*. BISHOPJk RELN, Fifth Aje»per. ang a general n •iir.reoJ' W s. RABMOLPH,m o EET-THTRD FLOOR OF A A W«tTwe«lSatb aSwah ta a / ~-The Best ofthe RoyalFami-fTMBXARD1NWIiTCH.HisGaacB. to proposingly." said that it had been the lot of the Prince of Wales,attheageef ameteen, to render tenia country a great andessentialservice. Manyamanbomof aroyalfamily clearedout. has descended into the grave inwdsrtog to hie fellow-menmuch tees geod service than bus been rendered by thisyoung prince. Whatever may be the destiny which^i ..rldesc* has rtsrarv ed for him, it is a proud thing thatla- can retlrct m this voyage across the Atlantic. He be- lievedthatnothingMOmuchasthat journeycould haveaad Sxtore*. A3 tee awaern NO. BM BROADWAT. pciavtoiisi can be bstVT r v t l m a dastiton annailing in the country caused »f-rtuas Ns iiitosaT to A s aatbcrlties. and that Juries, inf.aiidataa ar toatoajasd hy too new opuiions, aad using • entented the *< «t feeling*—he said eemeatod, samd, be- not dearer than on Monday week. The foreign arrivals BILLIARBB.tergal* toe eaatftosm** of Pons Mil, often pre i at-w he was cunvinoed that they w e n previously entur- The beat arranged Billiard'«pos;i«aida*m the, Atlanta:. But not only is it desirable that the existence of thone goodfeeflngs should be known; it Ja atoguterly tortosate that they have alreadyWt I T i a tWkh tatt arhrcA placed en record and propagated ay the press. in the chair. After the reading af the minute-, the iol1NG PIN HALL, <M BROADWAY, BETWEEN Q A WHITE aTBMBE, Bleecker aad otl bowlinr rnj» way. ia the one^pianjamiiak.ton,aaastkststosail '* V^ MSvMmM topS^- SSWS)WSSw W*P^Bjaaa MMJ W^^Mm iv ISJ IX^^^S liAlia^ tbat Use Hkelibood of such an event has been weatlynewma te New York aad in every otter' city of the Mte»*Wto^l B^^^^P^^W^^M1 • ' t o ^ * ^ F mm,fsctly t xtraovdinary from the toomaat atentered Detroit till their departure frommorning at a decline of ','. but the market ultimately Jh_ HAAKSLL k CO.. ST. LOUIS, Mo. exhibited a tendency to tirmncm. The demand for dis- wewej^esntttag for afi soBasttena, aad vassttoaass aastascount at the Bask to-day was limited, the general forrrtvras. Refer torate for best paper m the span market being American Exeaance Back, New York4\ per cent. There wen ao gold withdrawals from the B. S. BABBY. Cashier Nerehama' Bank. A. LouL/^IHEAPROOM!*, A Tsition,businessgenerallyhavingprovedlimited.TH* aXSKCAK CBTtmi.The London TVaawnays that for the week ending no-fnwgluisra andfiveeermtoasams over tfcstOpaa daUy from 10 A. M. to 1 P. M. Aiaa on Monaudaj, Thara 4^aa«r4tuniay*veauaaBfrflaii4u>7P M.BES'SSTB.BE,gold will probably be sent by the Jura to-day, and the Kangaroo on Wednegoay.ROOMS AND BOARD WABTED —ADTEETFurther advices from New York being anticipated be- tween thia and Saturday, the cheap shipments will be deferred for the steamer of that day. The Rinon. on Wednesday, will take £80.985 in silver, and £30.MO in tvld for Bombay aad Alexandria,AT m BROADWAY, COBNER OF PRINCE STREET, eUglbly located between fwenuath and Thirty'T B IThe London limm. referring to the sews from Chiaa.POLITIC AL.NATIO.NAL DBMOtBA TIC RBPUBUCA.V Committee.—The undersigned, appointed a i,mittee of the National Bemaeratte General (VawmiMee ofMozart Hall, hereby notify the. members of the committee that theywfll be m i f 1st s t the efltee of C. I- Sehermer- hem, No. MS Neman street, on Thursday, the 37th test, from S to 4 o'clock P . M , for the purpose of renal*lug thea of toe teapartars end ttspteees for holding the peto forthte p_rhnarv JleeUou for members of the General Commit>eefortheyearLLIAM GAGE, Eleventh ward, MORGAN L. HARRIS. Elfteenm wart WILUAM BKENNAM, Steleaato ward.ROGER DOWLTNG, NIaeteenth ward, 8DW ABP TTMPSON, Tweaty-ssasait ward.Special Catamittee-apsMtoaw twin, The ,inrreri aMogetbsr astin the Curporation.m'Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069The object ofUntitled DocumentCHINANEWS.says that we must ao longer pretend to disguise from ourselves that we are committed to a regular war. We must send to Chins more Armstrong guns, more ammu- nition and also more men.THE NBW TCBXISH LOAN.The arrangements for the introduction of toe newTurkish loan m Paris and London are understood to be near!y complete.COMXODU,! A.L PAILITSKS.The New York advices of the 26th of November menThe letters from Manchester express some surprise atBISHOP A BEIN. FIFTH A VENUE HOTEL, BRANCH of Victor Bishop, 25 Maiden — —We import oar ownhave new been from China had no efftoct onBa ?—.atTEA TBADB.*?AMETXABD? S POCKET CHBOiiQMtJEBS.TATANTBDIMB«»IATBLV—TtoOFl) VT W U a ' O IteaiJ. ">' aeailraMinaad i eqaiwd tar geatlewia n: «i»t too farfrosa!up Oum Twoajb-'l' «**<*-. avwoubl saat a „V\T H E BANE OP THE STATE OP NBW YORK HAN RE 1 oetvad the funds to pay the coupon* due Jau 1 on bond-$100,000 Hg££ Mstain,located. ha# pa, bate, Ac Dtoaaratsbts'steak. TarmsfoV •xti persons. J9 and $10 per week, aocordiog t* Eaeasa. Bef •rencee exchaogc-d.nue Hotel, next u»the aSrastoteV enejtoentrance. Hain Parte, No,aatring..Bi'MBTLL A «'*.)Are now smsaroJ to ofer taeaa at ta* Iawait avarket puce*, ^ ^ Aadthe tea market y< day, beyond iBcreasing the slugg HIGHLY RECOMMEND THEM TO THEIR CI.STOMER*. board wuh t**; :..mll> Adaiusi ^teaiey, Rroaiwi tehaenorthetrada.TMBWHEATTBABE.The wheat market yesterday was a tittle firmer, butBTT.filAROS.QQ WRBT TwENTV-SS(toV»• > > ca*ed, aeuit af R*aaw;ateaa aiagie Mr*. Ksndotf l.i•i'i --• -A A WSST ELEVENTHWILL!oaaU, on real oxtotaja this city. Bond* aad mortgagee put A1BON METEtEE. NO. 71 WEST THIRTY street. **at of Broadway.—TO let, eteaaattv 'LOAN OrWlCEIB.Jewelry, Ao., or the aaSM bought for the highest cash by the well known ISAACS, iT chambew street. M. I Trastnimttansasisrt e n Saturdaya,payable quarter*y to advance dnvariabl* rule). House Bratelaaa,fourstory,hmwasame.PRIVATE BOARDING.—TWO OR THREE BMAU. front Reoaat ean be aad, with Board, at Bo. at East oa toaaasatoj set or aasst, Sixteenth stepct, near Union aqnaic The hones Is finelyk T 48 CEDARWaitasbaa,. Watto M—»UMIOU. tsitei wmtK Jwwmrw, Saaara. Achooght for cash. Opposite', tin Poet offiae, room No. 1, ap LUWTWCedar street.AT THE ADVANCE OFFICES OF L. JACOBS, KOSEr REBPECTABT^ SINGLE MEN ENGAGED IN «TOHR8, can be obtained te any quantity oa Watohea, Jewelry. and a lew -dntte women eagaaad kt stocas. eawmastDlamaadi, Ssasm DryGooda, Hardware. Wines. Brandiesaad every deseilptloa of Herehamfiae, or bought and thehighest prtess given. Bumaea* strWtiy easSdadtok Owxteinsured. Estamlahed in 1841 Principal ofltoe 47 tviniam street. street: hi anth ofites497 Broadway.room So. B, up stair*.—Money to loan from $i to tamABB, _ and every swu'to-wamstte. tor Room* aad Board far Mi•mted would be permanent B«feuaa*WiJto*a>ead r AAdreas, with full particulars, B S. B., BtemtfeBte*.ROOMS TO LET, WITH BOARD, TO GENTLEMEN aad their wives or aiagte aaatlrmea, at No. t f attend place; alimodera itu^nvexatau, smallfaauly.ctonaed.TbOOMS TO tENT-WTTH .SOAJCD. J aaTatotSass, in a private haaas with Inquire af ito West lis sate masRARE CHANCB.-ONE SECOND STORE RACE pretUly furnished, to let toa_.coasts far f M param*&|kBB|iwiiMa* par weak. BcuwBratateetViaataad atotwaaaHtexasaaa luiears aad80-T O PP.TNTFR3 - F O B SALE CHEAP FOB 0R«W, A 1 PrtedagOdtea te a goadtesaUty,with »tion of mercliandiae. AH t < ipen from t A J f . tog P .M.wll] be eoofideaaal. BAUHUARTEN A CO.HTMAM, DlAMONtewould lite* to ' arraaaemaaai'w*ks: www.fultonhistory.com 