 NEW YORK HERALD.other metropolitan nuisances, SSd therefore thef r JAMBSeoiooi•••••"' ness,forwhichseeourreportfaults, Ifmj with truth bo said of the FfsaohcauseofEuropeandtasscracyduringUsbriefnewpoliosbillbecomesalaw,therepublicans menonlyfightwithwomenanduon-3om-ore.Thursday afforded the last*^0 XOT1CStaken ofatnafa ^10»SriK^*VrTS*oSKAJ.AULarva**A«*PACK a$U75,adolddo.at$1260a$12§8*. Sugarswerequit*#rteady,withsalesof600hhds.and600a800boxes,atratesgiveninanother place. Coffeewasfirmlyheld,w* Saw; (ulertitemtrt* in while sales were moderata, Freights were firm, whileDepartareofDUtingwished Delegates the Pugilistic Congress—OarRelations froma Fancy Point of View.Vely r vAjfummrrs THIS nvninnu.Wo.TdVacation.We have received by the Aaia the text of across the isthmus, which was adopted after an the governing classes of the United Statesbecause "no enactment of the State of Ohio has clothed the Governor with authority to surrender to another State fugitives from itsEDITOR AHD FMJrSIITO*career than has bees effected by all its pro-omcia.w.COOTor******A»PUXTOSsrs. wereheavyandirregular;thefinerqualitiesweresus-.a*tonot?wflJA«<»<«*« tained. Theflourmarketwasheavy,andcommonandforthepolios—well, it willremaininitspre. quiteintimeforChicago. sent magnificently vigorous condition. It is aX>pjomttomtj** *» U«i*d« warty*; ««sioners are not proud of it, they are the mostat Washington on the Nicaragua treaty proves modest of modern philosophers. Give them ernor Letcher, touching the contumacious*^jy>SjSt?SS3S•>W«*»«»<**|r.atfouret»UJ>«-WesternandSouthernweresoliatfullprices.Cornwaswith the Gridiron, which uptK the U w * u * I conclusivelytheirfactiouspartycombination theirmoney.Itwillallbeneededbetweenthis and extraordinary conduct of the Gov- theWeedare,aboutadoze*schemesi*^aTBUPS OASDaW. Eroadway.-Afawooon-An- Boca u« 0At—I.»Tut Paw M*wToaa.Louis Napoleon's speech at the opening of the French Legislature, a brief telegraphic sum- mary of which we published yesterday, from the Circassian's mails. The passage relatinganimated debate, in which the jealousy aad who has lately crossed the Atlantic to take ahatred of the Nicaraguans for our government leading part in a Congress of Prime Ministersand our citizens weresustained by documentary of the prize ringwhich is to meet in some quietevidence. Of course, after this, there was no and secluded English close, on or about the does not clothe him with any specific authority grant. It would be impossible to compute,BABHUirS AJURWaif MUSEUM, Broadwajr.-After-_ Gom*mro*nmn» i nunchanged andsales were light Fork was less active;sowmessaoldat118a11812%,sadnewprimeat$14toto thwart the efforts of the administration for time and November. the protection of ourcitizens andour nationalinterestsabroad.When the Nicaragua treaty was discussed in*ernor of Ohio, who refused, upoa the re- quisition of the Governor of Virginia, to issue warrants for the extradition of Owen BrownandFrancisMerriam.whowere charged with being concerned in the Harper's Ferrythe city of the franchises which are the n T pertyofthetaxpayers. TM~The first bMiatrodacedin the &«*>&&, old Broadway Railroad affair la anewshaa- It was presented by a Seaator from aa a a X lag county, as two of the city Senaton aretucked away in George Low* arsetae, pockets, another hasa little thing ef Us owa on hand, and the fourth not being - ^ im- properly. This b m gives the right of way from Seventy-ninth street to the Battery, all in Broadway, a most valuable'1NEW BOWSBT TH1ATM. Bowery- © NM-. « " he means to make of it the pivot on which is O u i t - B o M a n Bow—OJI-YOOM<; AMSKICA.BBOADWAT BOr/DOIB, ***BKavdwW-Afternoon aad to turn the whole scheme of his Continental •reniim—KOVAMS OF A T U T POO* Tooao MAB-WBO'I diplomacy. Although he no doubt considersWBO?it but just that France should receive someTHXATXR P*A"CAIS, m Broa4w*y.-Bo«A* DTx quid pro quoforthe sacrifices sb.eincurred in Jtrm. Ho«»i PAPTBK.upon the Nicaragua treaty we have an have had the Collins steamers, and Hobb's Court of Wisconsin was at least equal, lars. In consideration of the money pain,the epitome of the causes which defeated also locks, and McCormick's reapers, and George if not superior, to that of the United road is to be free of all other taxes, data, im- the ratification of the recent treaty with Francis Train's city railways, and Colt's re- States. We had supposed that the posts or assessments. We do nothesitateta Mexico. Both of these movements bring constitution was binding en every citizen, say thatjthis franchise might be sold,te-taar*the Italian war, we believe that he would aooa And IVMJJJJ—Octoeoos. hardly press this matter, in antagonism to theBKT ANTS' MTHSTRWL*, Meohaatca* HaU, 471Broadway - strong feeling manifested in England, if he BsaiuuisM, BOMGS, DAUCVS, AC—WE COM* TROM m HILL* had not more important objects to gain by it.KIBLO-S BAXOON. B«>a,dw»y.-Oi© CMUTT* MI* The fact is that he is using this question asitaiiAixSolas,DAMS*.Ac.-Ta*Moaar.NATIONAL COHCKBT SALOON, Nation*: Theatre - Bones DAJWO, BBBI.KSUI-U, AcTRIPLE SHEET. Row York, Saturday, Karth 17, 1860.NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.volvers, and the Black Swan, and Goodyear'sthe country into the most embarrassing posi- overshoes, and Trist's washing machines, and whether a State law endorsed it or not; and row, for a million of dollars, cash down en theGrande, and a statistical statement of oartrade with the British North American provinces, Pope on one hand, and by Russia on the other,quently called on Congress to confer upon attention it deserves. Our gallant country-fare, and enjoying the sunshine.conveyed to the station house, where he remains, awaiting the course of events.Stevens s a d Haxlett, the teat of the convicted Harper's Ferry conspirators, suffered the extreme penaltyef laslaw yesterday,atCbarlectown,Ta., in presence of a strong force of military and a largeconcourse of spectators. They persistently refused the consolations ef the ministers of religion in at- tendance, andmet their ate with resignationand even chee!fulness. Thebodiesofthe culprits wereHe was forthwithroughs will behave themselves on the other prescription decreed against the Napoleon ed all sorts of bad names, did the same work side—they don't lack sense, and they knownoITMI, and no more of the old farce cosli be takes en. The whole Dumber on duty at tail time is 1.400. TheBoard transacted seme other busi-on the other side; for whatever maf be hubrothels, policy shops, mock auctions and roughs? They will have td take dt»^ pf7or The «»«> Rai:«»r r.o*,h,tmAt WaWKXT HlB4L», PAHIW UnilD, ami 4* t*« engagements to English ports were fair.The French Emperor'i Speech—The SavoyExecutive session on Thursday, an amendmentwas offered b y the republican side, repealingthe article allowing force to be used in certaincontingencies for the protection of the Uvea has kept his weather eye open as to the move- and property of our citizens in their transit ments of the distinguished representative ofTHXATRI, Bvwtry.-OoT MA»muu«o— to the annexation of Savoy, although moderateRousr taarr. in tone and referring the question to the great WIKTS*OABOM.BroaaYwa*.oppoattaBond*»•*.- Powers, showsa fixed determination ontheWAJAACaVaTHXATKB,Broadway- RoauaxaorAPooa part of theEmperor to push this point of his IMM MA*. .life in the treaty, and it was laid upon the table. Senator Slidell then moved to talcs off the injunctionof secresy, forthepurposeof permitting the facts to go before the coun-o obey i t 8enater Doolittle, of Wisconsin.assigned a more manly reason for nullification value of such a franchise as this. Bat the eon-thanthis. Hesaidthateveryonehada right panyintendtopayforit CertaintytbeywilL to interpret the constitution for himself; that They want tobuythe Kohi-noor diamondforNEW YORK HERALD, SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1860-TllIPLj: SHEEf.Thecottonmarketyesterdaywas tame,whilethesales embracedabout900bales,closingonthebasisofll.V« fessedapostlesandleaders. for middling uplands; ordinary and common gradeswill bare a pretty electioneering fund. As batants. The roughs will be back, however, 0* Production of bUUmtJieLewlirmediumgrade*were againlower,anddosedatadeclineof about 6c per bbl,; the higher qualities were inmoderate request at prerioua rates; sales of an lands,however,weremoreorleaslimited. Wneatwasinactive.and acmmoD qualities neglected; prime to choice whiteIn the proceedings of the Legislature ofVirginia o n Wednesday last, w e find ahighly interesting communication'from Gov- bills in theHouse; add, therefore, we .ameans*offorcingonaCongress;for,inthepresent conjuncture of affairs in Italy, thereis no probability that Austria can be in-duced to enter into a conference if theirsettlement on the basis of the English pro-positions be made the only object of itsmeeting. By bringing up this Savoy question may.now, and imposing on the other Powers the That the republican Senators in Congress alternative of either tacitly acceding to the an- should adopt such a course as a part of their nexation of that territory or of deciding them- party policy, shows plainly what protectionmute instrument of vulgar and brutal tyranny. sarily mean that the fugitives had fled from Virginia, or were ever there at all.That is the old fogy conservative view which some misguided people take of Mr. Heenan's elegant invitation to the distin-Will the numerous advertisers in the metropolis selves on the justice of the claim, he is certain our sailors and our merchants may expect from guished son of Albion, Mr. Sayers. Mr. do us the favor to send in their business notices of effecting what he has in view; for he well the republican party ehould they ever become Heenan is certainly very obliging. H e goesState, who refuses to carry out the ought not to pass, on any consideration what- compact ef the constitution, because it has ever.before- sine o'clock in the evening ? The pressureof all sorts is now so great upon onr columns that governments will prevent them from quietly seem to forget everything that has a national minutes are of more value after nine o'clock in the submitting to its seizure. and not a local existence, and to be bent onlyevening than hoars are before that time. Adver- tisers, in complying with this request, will derive the most benefiCfor in the early delivery of the paper in the morning are their interests best sub-served.at his own expense, as Bell's Life hand- any connection with slavery. This shows V.'e presume that there will be- combinations somely says, three thousand miles, to punch what republicanism is. Y et Governor Denni- formed to rush one or more of these bills the bead of another man, or to get his own son had the impudence, in a fortnight after this, through the Legislature; and they may past. punched by the other man, as the case may \te. to demand by requisition from the Governor of There is no telling what the Legislature ofknows that the jealousy of the other European possessed of the reins of government. Theyject by diplomacy if he could, for personally merchants abroad, except it be through a for- be bad more to gain by a Congress than by em-the Heenan question.They view it in abarking in a costly and hazardous war. The The mails by the ill-Med steamer Hungarian ar- proposal for a conference on the part of^Rus-is no wonder that, with such a policy ruling at Washington, American traders are often glad to seek English protection in foreign ports, asto extremes, and will, if persevered in muchnificance than the annexation of Savoy, the longer, inevitably result in the dissolution of on to charge the NEW YORK HERALD with "par-rived in this city on Thursday morning, in a da-maged state, but most of the letters and paperscan be deeyphered and made available. There aretroubles of the poor old Pope, the new treatythe federal republic.States in which republicanism prevails is to enjoy all the advantages and protection of tbetisan misrepresentations." How tbe statement* of the HEKAJ.1; can partake of a - partisan"' character muatappear a riddle to it3 readers,sia, previous to the campaign, was made at his instigation, and it was only defeated by the re-The policy of Northernbetween six and seven thousand of them alto sistance of Francis Joseph, who rightly conjec- and shipowner will be glad to learn that Mr.gether. tured that he had as much to lose by this mode In Congress yesterday the Senate adopted a of settlement as by venturing a few battles. resolution directing inquiry as to the expediency Since the termination of the war repeated ef- of requiring prepayment ef letters sent by penny forts have been made by the French Emperor post. Papers relating to the troubles on the Rio to bring about the assembling of another Con-Dale Owen's last ghost, or Barnum's '-What is Union, but not to discharge their obligations. who know tBawrt never belonged, and does not Slidell's motion to remove the veil of secresy it?" This vast and comprehensive question, in- now belong, and never will belong, to anywere received. A number of private bills werepassed. A bill was introduced providing for a will not consent to yield a diplomatic sanctiondistrictinCaliforniafortheinspectionoftheboilers useofourforceinsustainingthediplomaticface of such flagrant violation? of the maona man'maintains the national reputation finely. rhuric of American libertyhave hitherto interfered to prevent it. Austria the President the authority to make a properaad Edmundsoa instead of Morri**ev aa*' M u l _ Emperor that he has dons more for the pastoral Solona were in the best hands. If the ligan. That's bad,too,because the Meagre*wv* at*.t~_. .. -• • r e Scheme* to PUnnder tl»e TOVJHy.Rejection of the Nicaragua Treaty-Op- agreatinstitution,theorganized Metropolitan position to the Defence oa* Conaaaaoxoe Police for the counties of New York, West-TheLastActofSTnllificatlonoftheCon- stitution at the Wortat.and the Transit Rontes.The action of the republicans lathe SenateChester, Richmond and Kings. IfUhe Commis-The Jacob Share jLA0BA KBinPS THXATKI. CM Broadway.-VAHITT garding this acquisition as necessary to the motion to reconsider, the Senate adjourned. from the Five Points to the Seven Dials. W e neutralizing the law of Congress carrying out for it. In other words, they will grve half af AIB—OHTOIAn PAWILT.safety of the French frontiers, it is certain thatThe question came up again yesterday, have sent a large number of American manu- the provision for the rendition of fugitive million of dollars for the franchise, payable isand the treaty was rejected. In this aetion slaves, and that the authority of the Supreme yearly instalments of twenty-five thousand dol- factures and Yankee notions abroad. Theybetween France and England, the Austro-Rus- has frequently occurred; and every merchant sian alliance, the Gridiron Railroad bill, Robertand let the facts be known to the country was finally passed.It was in order to place our government inStates have their duties as well as their rights,volving the muscular reputation of the two and if they neglect or refuse to discharge thair party. It has ever maintained a perfect inde-countries—this contest which is forever to set- pendence of all political organizations, and duties, how can they expect that the compacttle the question as to the relative strength of will be observed towards them, or thatfiie will continue to do so to the end of thethe position in which it should stand in thisim- the shriek of the .American Eagle and thegress. Obstacles raised by Austria and the portant matter that Mr. Buchanan has fre- Union, which is the strength, the common bondgrowl of the British Lion—is attracting all the and support of all, can be maintained in thechapter.That the HKISAI.D has misrepresented thecause of the strikes in Massachusetts and New Hampshire our Boston contemporary has failed toshow. WeattributedthemtothefallingoffHemakes a noisewhereverhegoes. Heandmachineryofsteamvessels.Thebillautho-totheexistingstateofthingsinItaly;the demandsofthegovernmentindefenceofour hasbeenalludedtoinParliamentbyan IYBLH GHOST*—TUJCLASTNEWSi'iiuri\\.intheSoutherncustom.Whatfactsandfiguresrising the sale of tl& public anus to the States, and Tope cannot be brought to listen to any citizens. Congress would not even take the honorable member, who asked the government MANIFESTATIONS.—We copy from two of our city does be bring forward to contradict us? None. to regulate the appointment of. superintendents Of arrangement consistent with his altered matter into consideration: and in view of the contemporaries accounts of several marvellous He says that" this agitation at the North is one national armories, was taken up. The Senate, by a position, and Russia does not care vast interests which are constantly perilled In what it intended to do about the fight.' Thevote of 20 to 28. refused to strike out the section to enter any Congress which does not include the transit of Nicaragua, and in our commer- Home Secretary immediately, and in the most spectral visitations, of which the Astor Library of those periodical reactions which are commonproviding for the distribution of arms. Without the treaties of 18.">0 in its proposed work of re- cial intercourse with Mexico, the President gentlemanly manner, snubbed the inquisitive and the Historical Society have been the favor- to all industrial and enterprising commu- takir g final action on the bill, it was laid aside, and vision. It is far from being the object of sought to obtain this right of protection to Senator—told him. in effect, that it was none ed localities. After a temporary sojourn in nities:" ami he asserts, without proof, and con- the Secate went into executive session on the Nica- France to curtail the scope of its labors: but in our citizens by treaty with those countries. of his business, but that the government did dingy back parlors and mysterious attics with trary to notorious facts published to the world, ragua treaty, which was rejened by a vote or 31 to view of the limits imposed by the questions im- He not only succeeded in this, but also in not intend to do anything at all about it. their feed interpreters, it seems that tbe spirit* that the trade with the South h&3 increased,21. The Htuae did nothing of public importance. mediately calling for settlement, she requires combining with it, in one instance, some of the And so it is going on. Isn't it delightful? Isn't are growing bolder and are .venturing hardilybut that " the increase caused by the growing prosperity of the South has been less than the diminished demand in the West, consequent upon the hard times which have prevailed there for the last two year?: so that the West- ern failures of 1 b57 have only sow taken effect against the shoe trade, and are the real canse of the strikes: and it is not the South but the West that is to bkme.Now, it cannot fail to be observed by every reader that the shoemakers' strikes did not com- mence in IS57 or 1S5S, when every other busi- ness suffered, nor even in 1859. but in 1860, when business in all its branches has com- pletely revived. The coincidence that is so unfortunate for the republicans is. that the troubles began just after the Southern people had adopted non intercourse resolutions in every State, and that new local manufacturers were beginning to spring up like mushroomsat tbe other side of Mason and Dixon's line, OK consequence of John Brown's raid into Virgi- v nia. aided and assisted by New England sub- scriptions; in consequence of the endorsementof this traitor and rebel throughout the North, and in consequence of the adop- tion of the atrocious sentiments of Helper's book by the principal republican mem- bers of Congress, and by nearly all the leading men of the party which controls the majorities in nearly every Northern State- Is it not notorious here in New York that the anti slavery houses of the city have done no Southern trade during tbe winter, notwith- standing "the growing prosperity of the South.!'* The cause of the strike is therefore too plain to be misunderstood, and the rea- son assigned by the Boston paper is too absurd for even a fanatic to swallow.It is true there is another cause behind theuimmediate one—a cause which has beengrad ally operating for years, aad is not of a politi- cal,butofanaturalandcommercialnature- and that is, the decline of manufactures ia New England, and their increase in the Middleand Southern States. The rapid developement of the resources of the latter States in recent years has given a great impetus to their manu-Notice was given that the Sickles and Willhm-oncontested election case would be called up on Mon- some decent pretext to compel the other nio«t valuable commercial concessions which it a splendid commentary on the beneficial effectinto public places. We always suspected, fromday.Beveial subjects of importance came up in theThe Railroad Tolling bill was also ordered toa third reading, after the adoption of severalPowers to forget their individual objections, have ever been attained. But his patriotic of the learning, the piety, the moral and reli the unsatisfactory answers received through and to meet her in conference. That pretext efforts are rendered of no avail. The republi- gious progress of the age? Ought not Mr. Heenan mediurhs, that the intelligence of these ghostly has been found in the proposed annexation of can Senators meet in caucus, and determine, to be a strong man for Charleston or Chicago? babblers wa? of the most limited kind; WeLegislature yesterday. In the Senate the bill authorizing the Central Park Comrai-'sion to borare glad to observe that they themselves are becoming conscious of the fact, from the dispo- sition which they at present evince to cultivate their understandings. Such we presume to be the object of their visits to our public book collections; for we should hardly think it worth their while speculating on the chances of their overtaking and frightening a belated librarian.Ghost stories are no novelty in this city. We have been hearing constantly of them for years past, sometimes in one shape and some- times in another, accordingly as they favored some particular theory or creed. A t no time, however, have these supernatural wonders been more actively circulated than since tbe publi cation of Robert Dale Owen's last book. It was the same in England when Mr. Crowe'sSavoy, and the project finds some show of con- as a measure of party policy, that the power And haven't we sent several other equally bril- row money was ordered to a third reading sistency in the fact that it was mooted previous to protect our commerce abroad shall not be liant ornaments of the governing classes toto the Italian campaign.This we believe to be the true view of thegiven to the Executive, and that the manufac- breathe the fogs, and eat the roast beef, anddrink the beer of Old England? The other day.amendments, one of them allowing the CentralBailrcad to charge two and a half cents per mile question which causes so much present uneasi- not receive the stimulus of a new market, the elegant and accomplished Mr. John Mor-fare. The bfll for laying out the northern section ness abroad. We do not look upon it in the because, forsooth, it would be opened by, and rissey, the tenderhearted and chivalrous Mr. of the city was reported upon favorably. In the same grave light, as it is but a means to an end. redound to the credit of, an administration Daniel Cunningham, and the illustrious Mr.Assembly, a bill to privide for paying the interest on the public debt, and means for the support of the government, was reported. The Nenr York tax levy was concurred in. The sum of $193,821 for indexing the papers in the Register s office was tached to the bill. Several other matters were alsoacted on. Our despatches and reports give the de tails.Our Washington correspondents have informed the public of the recent flight from the federal capital of S. C. Boyington, a subordinate clerk of the House of Representatives, with some $200,000 worth of Post Office certificates, which, it is alleged,he fraudulently disposed of, and kept the proceeds. Since hi* di appearance from Washington bis whereabouts remained unknown, and it was sup- posed he had gone abroad. A couple of police de- tectives, however, observed Mr. Boyington yester- stay afternoon, in front of the International Hotel, on Broadway, where he was calmly surveying the magnificent panorama ofthat unequalled thorough-and that a peaceable one. Louis Napoleon is which does not unite in their insane crusade James Hughes, went over by the Africa, and clearly bent upon having another Congress, in against the South. Let the merchants and the elegant Mr.Mulligan, the Chesterfield oforder to still further vindicate his family wrongs, manufacturers of the North remember this,country.distribution of the territorial limits and us that an unsuccessful attempt was made inboundaries fixed by the treaties of 1*15. Forthe Senate on Wednesday to get up Mr. Oakeyhas not yet been able to arrange his affairs so as to make his foreign trip. It is to be hoped, however, that he will yet succeed in gamingwhat each Power asks, it must be prepared to Hall's Police bill, and to have it assigned asturing and commercial interests abroad shalland let us have all the facts spread before thethe ring, was supposed to have boarded the» same ship, and to be on his way to give the swells of Piccadilly some idea of good breed-and. if possible, to recover some portion of theterritory wrested from France. Should thisbody meet, as there is every reason to believe MORE TINKEKING WITH THE METKOPOLTTAX ing. Mr. Mulligan, however, had a little busi- it will, we shall probably witness another re- POLICE.—Onr Albany correspondent informs ness to attend to in the Court of Sessions, andyield something, and it \vill be fortunate if in the special order for the evening session. It an opportunity to be present at the Congress. '•Night Side of Nature" made its appearance.this general exchange the rights of nationa- cannot be that the Senators have become These distinguished special shoulder-hitting lities are not bargained away. Austria ashamed of their continuous raids upon the commissioners cannot fail to attract great at- will probably demand the guarantee of Ve- city taxpayers, and that they are going to let tention in England. Tbey will be asgreat curi- netla and Hungary, Russia will require a re- so fine a thing as this Oakey Hall job slip osities as the Thugs of India or the man-eaters formation of her boundary in Bessarabia, and through their fingers. Mr. Hall's new bill pro- from the Fije Islands. W e don't think that Louis Napoleon may exact something more poses a reorganization of the police, and an Mr. Dallas will take them to the Queen's draw- than Savoy. If a general revision of old di- increase in the expenditure of that department ing room, because he is a little old fogyish; but plomatic arrangements is gone into he, will o the trifling amount of W e n hundred thou- he might do worse. We have no doubt that theHvery one had a ghost story to relate, either of his own or somebody else's experience. The result, of course, has been to unsettle the minds of many, and to render them ready to accept the strange doctrines and beliefs which fanatics erected upon these stories. Hence the number of new religions and isms which, in this country, have started up within the last dozen years.This tendency, and some of the phenomena on which it is based, are to be accounted for by scientific causes. Our planetary system hascertainly insist on a formal reversal of the sand dollars. The old police, which was call-dynasty by the Congress of Vienna. If the as that which the Metropolitans perform for other Continental Powers were far seeing—if ihree quarters of a million; that expense has they had any sagacious statesmen to counsel been swelled to nearly a million, and now It them—they would amid a Congress, and allow is proposed to add seven hundred thousand the French Emperor to seize quietly upon more to the burden which the taxpayers mutt Savoy. His Isbut a single life, and some hired in- carry for a police that is not only inefficient,very well that there are no friendly AldermeninLondon to stand between them and the tread-mil; and so they will keep quiet Six weeks or a motion of itself, and in its revolutions itstrument of the Church may abruptly terminateso of decent behavior may send them back as quiet as lambs and as mild as divinity students- Why couldn't the Duchess of Sutherland and the other old ladies of Exeter Hall take Mor-sometimes takes us into a new region, from whence we receive an additional wave of that imponderable and mysterious fluid, call it elec- tricity, magnetism, or odic force, which exer- cises a disturbing influence over our physical and mental condition, and produces many of theeffectswhicharelookeduponassuperna- tural. W e are probably within the sphere of that influence now; otherwise it would be diffi- cult to account for the fact of so many respect able and otherwise sans individuals openly avowing their belief in apparitions and the pos-but which is used asforwarded to their friends at South Amboy, New in France, and the prestige he has acquired the black republican organization of this city. s field for the philanthropist. There's a vine-Jersey.TheAlbany lobbyhassparednopainstoget yard for theChristian philosopher. Theit Asbisdynastyhasinrealitynosolidroota political machine by riseey, Mulligan & Co. in hand? There's amust die with aim, the other great PowersAtthemeetingofthePoUesCommissionersyes- willmakeagraveblunder iftheybind them- thenewpolicebillthrough,andhasevengone AimightyNiggerwouldn'tbe"a ctaumstenceterday. Mayor Wood easeed a sssssasai sad reaolo- tfoos, having for effect the reference of the legal is****pending between the members ef the oldso far as to send some of the rural Senators tosee the dens and sinks and stews of the city, and don't b e t The subject is too importantselvesturb the arrangements he has enforced. This,however, is their lookout; w e hare no sym- pathy with their Dolicvor their srb»Yanto it. Meantime, let the fight go on. Keep cool under police protection. No more affectionate to be trifled with. It may complicate ourb y adiplomaticguaranteen o t t e dis-Urelations could exist between brothers aad sis-F13069#*«« than 41uta* «r>.t»t. mmm«..l>*.I^^a * .l.i—ntitled DocumentWe sincerely trust that the venerable states-man at the bead of the Department of State insurrection. The fugitives wars refused, first,16th proximo.We need hardly to say that we refer to thatpetofthesportingpublic,Mr.JohnC Heenan,even in an approximate degree, the futurephilosopher, philanthropist, pugilist andaccre-policy. Whether he be sincere ornotinre- try, which was carried; but pending a dited representative minister plenipotentiary hisStatehada right, therefore,to pass alaw sixpence, aad have twentyyears tfatetsaaytion in regard to our interests in Mexico and Paul Morphy, and Fred. Douglass, and lots of we had further believed that Governor Denni nail; and in ten years from now it will be Nicaragua; and the utter abandonment of our other things of all kinds and colors; but until son had taken a solemn oath to support the worth five times as much.citizens abroad, which necessarily follows the the mission of the patriotic boy of Benicia, constitution. The quibbles by which he seeks refusal to confer upon the President the autho- there hath been no representative of the to evade his responsibility are certainly worthy ritytoenforceadiplomaticdemandbythe roughs,themusclemen,therulingpowersbe- ofamanwhowould "palter in adouble guns of a sloop of-war, leaves our whole oom- forewhose fists orteeth,orknives, orpistols,as sense." For, in thesecond place, he says,un- merce abroad, and particularly in the anarchi- the case may be, the majesty of the law is as der the instruction of the Attorney General of cal countries of Spanish America, at the mercy naught, and the ballot box, the boasted palla- Ohio, that the words "fugitives from justice of the local authorities, be they what they dium of popular government, becomes the from Virginia" in the requisition do not neces-Tbe other Senate bfll contemplates the buH6V ingof aroadallarowadthecitywatertreat— another most valuable franchise- for which w e do not see that any consideration is to begiven. One of the House bills is for a road from the Grand sticet ferry to Hsboken ferry, crossingBroad way a t Canal street. A s there are already no less than three lines of railway in Grand street, and two in Canal street, and as the business in these great thorongirlvresisdailjLa-vaon initiating a civil war, in the hope of destroy-From the time when Louis Napoleon began ing the South, but which must inevitably de- And notwithstanding all this, there are people Virginia a fugitive from justice charged with a 1860, which will long he remembered in theto feel himself firmly seated on the throne of stroy the North and Centre as well. For many who say it is disgraceful, and quote something lesser offence—one Silae Taylor, accused of for- annals of public corruption and official venali- France, it has always been his policy to bring years our shipowners and our merchants have like these lines from a poet who was not so gery- ty, may do. The mere introduction of such about such complications in Continental affairs clamored for protection from our navy fortunate as to live in this world when it had The conduct of the Governor of Ohio is only barefaced schemes to rob the city treasury as would compel the recognition of his newly when away from home, and the pigeon holes become Christianized and civilized, and had in keeping with that of the Governor of Illinois, shows a most lamentable want of commonfounded power by the Continental sovereigns, of the State Department are crowded to over- steam and electricity, and preachers and news- who recently refused to deliver up a thief to honesty among our legislators, and one which The steamship Asia, which left Liverpool on the and enable him to wipe out the wrongs and flowing with their complaints and their calls papers, and Congressmen and State Legisla- the State of Kentucky because he was also a should be rebuked in the most severe mannerThe Mews*3d inst., arrived st this port yesterday morning. BythisarrivalwehavedetailsofEuropeannews tothe3dinst. Themainpoint*oftheintelligence brought by the Circassian, and telegraphed from St Johns, N. P., were, however, published in yes- terday morning's HERALD. The letters of our cor- respondents at London, Paris, Berlin and Copen-happened to be some one possessing great accounts of political and social occurrences at Again: in taking up the cause of Italy wealth and influence, and who had the leisure thosecapitals,andamongtheextractsfromourfiles it is certain that Napoleon was as tobringthosetobearonSenatorsandRepre-slave, and actually contrived to let him escape. by their constituents. No one member whohagen, which are given to-day, contain the latestinsults offered to his family by the treaties of for reclamation at the hands of the government. tures, and Aldermen:—1815. Thus,theCrimeanWar,whichwastheworkofhisagentatConstantinople,resultedin the Congress of Paris and in the humiliationof Russia—the two first great steps towards the have constantly refused to take up the wrongs rehabilitation of the Napoleon dynasty and theAtfirstbothsides,thougheagertoengage,With taunts and jeers, the heralds of their rage, Blowuptheirmutualfury;andanon,Kindled to madness, with loud shouts rush on:Jteal, though unarmed, their vengeance blindly round. And with clenchedfistsprint many a ghastly WOUDU Then might yon pee, amid the desperate fray, Features diangnred, Doses torn away,Hands, where the gore of mangled eyes yet reeks,TheGovernorofIowa,uponameretechnical point,refusedtosurrenderthebrotherofCop- pic, charged with participation in the Harper'shasbeenimplicatedwithanyofthethievinglobbycombinationsshouldeverbepermittedto bold an office of public trust or honor duringpunishment of one of the original wrong doers.And jaw bones starting through the cloven cheeks 'But all these people are behind the age. licanism in the State, gives it up as indefensi-Theydon'tunderstandthenobleartofself- ble,andconcludesaneditorialparagraphinButtheadministration hasnopowerbeyond thewritingofadiplomaticnoteonthesub- ject: and corrupt and scheming Congressesof individual citizens, unless the injured partyFerry invasion. So bad is this last case of bis natural life. Bribery in State Legislatures Governor Dennison,of Ohio, that the Cincinnati and Common Councils has become a* commonGazette, the leading organ of Chase and repub- as lying among the members, and it is highmay be found the speech of the Emperor Napo- much animated by a desire to pay off sentatives. The black republicans have now defence, which consists in knocking down which it refers to the facts in these significantleon to the French Legislature, and a debate in the the old family debt of vengeance to Austria, as adopted, as a party principle, a steady opposi-inoffensivewomen. The masses, however, are sound onwords :—" W e will not at present discuss the T h e Canoe oS t h e H h a t m a k m 'New E n g l a n d .A Boston journal says the subject of theBritish Parliament on the Napoleonic policy with referencetotheproposedannexationofSavoyto France, together with an interesting report from Dr. Livingstone, announcing the discovery of ah extensive cotton producing region in Africa.by sympathy for the wrongs and sufferings of tion to our making any effort for obtaining theItalians. Hewouldhaveeffectedthatob- reparationforourinjured shipownersandstrangersand bullyingunfortunatenice legal points raised." Nice, indeed. Itisthisdisloyaltytotheletterandspiritof the constitution, so characteristic of tile repub-strikes of the journeymen shoemakers in New proper light, as one of the most important lican party, that is driving the Southern States England is not well understood at the South mal declaration of war by act of Congress. It topics of the day. To them it has more sig- and among members of Congress, and it goesjustice, seeking refuge there;" consequently Governor Denniaon nullifies the constitution of the United States, because his own StateUpon such technical ground as this, substan-tial justice is refused by a Governor of a eieasing with the up town movement, this billopportunityf„Py-. aada^intothatfot. rk, asd l s z / p ^ thecity ofNew York,thaa three mort city railway bills were iat duced in the Afsetfbly/aad tw0 magnifU^schemes in the annate.Thurlow Weed gang hare already firei,^;time that some sharp, exemplary punishmeat were inflicted-upon tile guilty parties. police force and the Board to three referees, •.object was aaada the special order for the next It h eThomas M. Tryniski309 South 4th Streetforeign relations and tie up the San Juan qnss-wwulton Nw.fultew Yorkonhistory.com 