 SABBAtH OBSERVANCE.5i;^-j;gff* ^?!^^<t*^,'aat batara the dayaHaw4tkam^^katfJMa rs<Kr, at 6 o'clock aaSatai^aM^ from Pier. hy tfr. ironnan Wktte, Ser. Mr, CMke,Trtodoraed the objaeta of ihe meeting,<i, .iirftl 000 towaida halalng tba ooclaty.*,?*^J.* .'ti? ?" ""^ present at tbe depanure offrsoBt,:l.ieat. BawkiBu',.l/Bw, 0. f1Juef ud in. Dr. Hcgc,i<bopIk* lawand also to tom away from their doaiabeen In the meantimetoe boat. The tojured iMn wassem to tte New-ton W.BO«orge 8..utbwlek,. !!.».]to m call from Qte Committee kvMea ti w«rk dsrlnc ttaa put year to Mean • bet-men about 18Bsia/la,(la respoDWthattwowere arrested on tbe complaint of Henry Carll, wbotn aad aan gemtnl oixeiTuiea of tbe 1i««wuaT(ii7UT|etMmUate at Cooper Iiuti-known topahsaslefngthearts number nor carry before,anyofSunrl^ssa....Bmfi8ATt|oBaaaiAeu.u.a.a.oi—vanMbeiota.nli....n_M' 4»|M* Uit erenlsg.Thewta a oecnpled ^bj.self.A despatehplUfoimpronounced by Rev. Dr. Kaasa.In the HtraU ofgives a list pnrportiBg to he of passengers by toe Hun- garian. It proves, however, to have been part of a listIvge aninber o( cleif^men and prominent laymen of Ik* City who take an interest In the Sabbath move-aAar 75* o'clock. Rer. Dr. D» Witt opened "tt* mcetlnK with a fBrrent prayer for the Dl trinepabllskedyesterdayhaea dona, for a better obeerranca of the Sabbath. Ike Ceaunlttae kafew when thay oommeaeed that I a work of (reat magnltoda to be done, bat waa a iraat deal that they did net know atIThe Christian community only needed to stand firm, ardtheIniquitycouldbeconfrontedandpotdown. God was wltn them and they need not be afraid.ADDBBSS or BI8BOP JiJCZS.of the decessed Is to receive all stocks and moneys which stand credited to her on his books ; the dwell-G.FlammerofNo.75Bayard.streat.agente Trunk bpck.Satibatk,specttd brother always respondsand for fear Us andlence might his he»rt. We will now slag the ^loitog hymn.!_• MARINE INTELUGEWCK.Broadway, there HaMlnc npoa the work of the Committee and all en- tronUed, where liquor was sold, where tse bars werefurnished to toe Agent of toe genntoe list—doubtless In-Eelnekea B.lagad with that body for the glory of God. KXMABEB or THI PSKSIDCirT.attended by lewd women, ana the tables served by women of the pave. In conclusion, be would say that the questlcn rested with tlie people. There waspas- CroBwaI;r,NoBMAirWira,whopresidedoverthemeeting, agreatworkyettobadona,andmuchmorecouldbe itatad that the object for whkh It had been called, done than had yat been accomplished If those en- aad aaid that mnoh more might be done than bfd yet »ged In the work of reform would only persevere.stand,weregiventosuppressIts publicationtoPhil- ShipsHelen.(Brem.,)Rareher,Bremea.K.rwirla4 to he able to say that there was encouragement could measure the human destiny Involved in this to go on In the work, and he hoped it would go on success. The work was difficult in a large city. Theaao prosper. In conclusion, he introduced to the wicked could carry on their plans In secret theyappliedThe United Sutes steamer Bnoktt/n arrived off and asked to be directed to the Jersey CltytFerry. bier saloons canvassing for rotes. In reply, a card is Batteras.ATTtTe4....SniBAX. nk.M.arlhiiKr Rer. Kr. Ckwi, Secretary of the Committee. KnASKS or KIT. MB. COOK.The Rev. Secretary said that If be were to meetstood that she returns to afford an opportunity for the bouse, and that toe stotement Is a pure falsehood. Steamship asMnataa. about 30 years of age, and was respectably dressed. nndria, fcc., wito mdse. and passengerrs to B. B. OriM-Ibe expeetations created by the President, he would^eak too long. Therefore, he would only gire briefly—yet somewhat tn detail, what had beeadone anawhat ha thought remained to be done. He first al- ment,Chicago.liliil to tlM Bonday liquor traffic. The difficulties voder which the Commttte labored were vaster than Ihe Committee themselves, or the Cbrlstlan commu- aity endentood. At the request of the Committee,tte Police Commissioners requested the poUce to;Doyle, Surgeon, T. W.toquest yesterday uponof toe Democraticto toe bands of his opponente, and a delegation! op-Ship Western Continent, (of Boston.) poa Nov. 7, wito mdse. to order.ShipBelenB.Cooper.(OfBoston.)jgathertoftozieatlng drinks were sold. The reiuit showedthat the aiunber was about 8,000, and that more tnanS ON of that number were kept open regolarly onIha Lord's day. There were ako, accessories to the their own slainteafle—immense establishments, large enough to con- toto S.0OO persons, with all the arrangements for nuQ- lie dtrerslon. In these places there was, morning,aaea,udnight,drinking, sporting, gambiiog Aaga,the subject, sbowed that the Sunday traffic In Intoxi- amiing Uqnors is intimately associated with Sunday;not tend to their own wounded;others must take careTbe vote of Louisiana in his favor would be worto towltn aad songs, ana declamations, and all the arraagemenis which European skill had toTcnted to assist men down the road to perdition.equal :L18 ds. N. of Ut. 33. Ion. 70. with coastaot gatsa. Mit saihi and lost jibboom. Feb. 19. wblle uiac to to v sontoerly gale, shlpptd a sea which waaaea theiflabal^fleer. Henry Norman, overb«*nl. He;In viewfate crimes. awaiting theurcould be had to rescue the fallen than could beprocuredintheruraldistricts. Hethatwasfor Tbe Investigation which the Committl^ bad given to tbe reform was migtier than all that could t>e ei^tstedyears before he came to this country, and t}iat sbe,conveyednot all been swept away—arlme. It bad been showD that for 18 months, Sunday Bible, and a Sabbath In the CItg. While they haduntil bis drunken stopor. however, expirtog to favor of the lady to question, who alter the Station-house. Coroner Jaceh&ic Arkansas, has written a. letterLsQ H miles 8. 8. B. arBsa-atac- eaB«4IkaPaariofdaya. WelltmtCautanfit. «• ItWBfiillytwaSoilBcday* to oa la taj^ywr.* a eaBtbiMBnlB IM iriSiMdd tdwttBa back tn Sfrtog aayi, mdised, thex ware, whiah, laadlag baalIha toiheremembraaeeofParadise,led onwardtotott No.1 North City, for thadtr abiWTit Ua Uws. Boom might day wkes eternal Bammer shonld fpread again overTBSWKKm«9VBBtmHitAmUktLafOaalletlBgBBrnta ttaRamberafharPaa* VaMabaa,.A.KiBrt,;HiUTAZ, Batorday, Feb. 25.The cleaiance ef the arian has been OBeaver. M. I Haa^ found, ugtoseeosdstto««B«a«•(««ia iST^SmJManiRiver, tJTSiSttSStH^SiJ^.nnnae that tha power of the Police Coaimitsioaar* ilM earth. re- CMvaalaek," to the eouraehMbaaandinae Agaatlamaawithvaserablo,grayhairshere oSf?^wlblSelh?t^o.e^la^t'to*r•woundedhiaumconlstaemraivuhaasiid, batba thooght BOt;tmddas h« waa eaadstant witt a lagikl oploioa onestod a peraiissloato spaak,wtiich was aoeeded bybSSSw^"SXIIPOBT FROM THE 81BBATH COmHTIBB. which, •• tltptilht, the Police Commlsstooar* to* Chair, wha announced him aa Mr. GzoaaaDoo- intoegrotowith a dlrk'^knlfe.t"oform toe bystandewrshathnathehe had baenMtMedaiS from which It appears Oiat ihe had ttret kvMtrtd and T>oBwdDMBteai*t.kU.rAnm,arto- . .-,.-.•tbtmaahw >m«U pUe* aattn oonUaBe*extreme earseatneaa and"?* «lTjtBown feU exhanstedfrom Ims of This o bleod. lie«iwhlle his aasaUant ^adadthevlni- timti pasaengera, malnlr, eoarse, staeraga.ITkHaviips. Tnt. Bar(Mt.T. S A.: wT t[iff^ DeceiJja. with Baaday lawa. Tmt had adeqoata pewar to el 'le aadan abaadanoo ofvigor,ta.BrtfeaaeitheywareatrlatlyboaBdtoeBforoaaU •vary ibop aad to arraat avary man who dlaobayadSeiittuxalthorougo-quotttlaonidisv,olunteered ance of the Steamboat and Emlgraat PaUee whoee stotemaat, however, is randered saatev hat doubtful;thofewhowouldgobitotheirmm.Therewaaadlla *°-fi^.u01eil2rhSwever,'hll Chairre-YorkOn Satarday nlgbt Andeiaon and Thomasand «aallyUietreat work to be dona toe PoUee must eontinae and vaeJSng Oieh^ rapidly, would soon finish,HospttaLBTBALHIG PBOM A OBOCKBT._ ._ and three of toe crew of aebr. Sarah D. T}ncrease their exertions. There was a wide field. There were the Oeroian theatres and bee>g%rdena, and such like, where men, aad women aad children received wrtwg Ideas of pleasure, greatly to tbetr Injury. It was astonishing to see, as he had seen, bow many little children were present at these placesUvngarian't passengersconsidered,on Sunday nlgbtsnot understand how they got then he would tell tbem In the German papaia ihan were always a large number of advertisamenta of laeh places, and In those advertisements it was generally stated that children underfiveyearsofagewereadmittedfree. Andit was getting to be the same In Broadway as now In the.Bowery. On many trstHoepl- tol, late on Friday night, suffering from a severe wonnd to toe face, said to have been Inflicted with a;Tbe hymn was then sung, and the benedlcdonwasfloor* towere places kept open on Sunday nights, and well pa-house at 'tbe comer of Slate street and MMt liana. What they did nat know thea mnat be been surprlst-d by the statements of the Cnairman or Bowling Green, together with its fnmitursi •aU BO. Whaa the Srst great meeting waa the Secretary that their organization had awakened and the sum of $100,000 which shall be In-Volaate. Botsford. Bancs Avrsa.hM, R waa itated by ona of the speakers opposiilon.A: Pnato,soek waa really the case Now they would once beathenexpressed it,BOMa of theatres in fall operation. It was necessary wrong. Or, as the Bible expressed the same IdearATAL rAU. THBOtTGH A HATCHWAY.MsrUn. Tan Brunt fc gltaht Fetertborgh,Lb.-., «-•at they ihould bear these things that they (the"When I would do good evil Is present with me, sothat the good I would I do not, and the evil that Ithe wife of Fiani.iAxn ScTouiWiixiah, the son ofICoroner Gambi.x toe case.tovestigatedtoe circumstajtces ofIts yoaaaaaed, the work was In the hands of every citizen, work was no longer local, but the moral welfare of and every citizen was responsible for it He was the natiod, perhaps of tbe world, were affected. Whotowriting.Abbival or ihkU. S. SxgAHBB Beookltk.—aapasl- sugar-refinery to Lalght-street says toat deceased Guaim, the Democratic candidate for Mayor, on a enced very heavy weathar, lost deck load sf aolMaaa.Bishop Janxs was the next speaker. He had notingvestedStale of New-Vork or In thoseSlates. Tbe daughter of the deceased, Ekbldix, the Crotadomntolils,teurnidnegr toe that It wasBrltato, aad went on board toe:tics. Von. Caidesas. J. W. BiweU fc Co. Trinidad, B. P. Bosk fc Co.I;When did an enemy fall to sow tares 7 The moit disgusllng characteristics of the world wereitsantagonisms. Theyexistedineverynation, and even In the domestic circle antagonisms arose.9. Michael Lucey, . It, Jobn Delaney, II.P.Riebardson,:rioresee PostMonnt, Brum, It SmallOrl-AbI 1b addltloB to the other rerolutlons of the1 at the iUtement that the speaker was asked frequent and most fatal. Every heart was a battle- be invested to a similar manner. ScsiirKaa WBimm The toquest was held by Coroner Jaczkax.Moss Femsndtoa Dibble & Bance;L. SeraBton, Law-Bahbath, there was a theatre In fall operation ersryda; arantng. The audience was so much sor- But, in the moral world these collisions were most wife of Joan Doaa, Is to receive 4125,000, which shall a cough remedy which toe doctor had prescribed.den, Savaonabi W. B. ScrantonR. M Bron. Bartiifcfield in which a victory was to oe lost or won. As a The of the es-flhfIsttan public might know what they had to do. would not that I do." Equally clear, perhaps, was deceaseo and the ;;of the late Hxaar WHrraargoods, stepped backwards and was predpitotedOaa of the objects for wUcb ihe Commlt- the declaration of the poettea had worked was to coBTince the pab- " We see the tight, and wf approve It, too.Mb that they had a deeper aim than the Condemn the vrong, and yet the wrong pnrsne." aaere enactment of laws. They had strlren to In these single combats between good and evil,ke the pabllc mind understand that there was rea- where tbe evil gained the ascendancy, it led its de-hi the eifort and philanthropy In it. In that work graded captives In the boats of wrjng. It was this ni had Bat widi many obetaoles and much Tltuper- organic wickedness that jeoparded social and nation-'Bat those who bad need Tiraperatlon should alaot be answered in like manner by tnase who were forces of evil make their combined assaults upon vir- asigaaed in the work of reform. The CommUtee be- fue and piety, exactly as in the history of war the oTM there had been a mistake in the msumer of main assaults were upon.the cities. Look at the in- tseatmtthematter. Theybelievedit bettertopre- fluenceofthisCityuponthisnation. ThatInfluence veat crime than to erect institutions on our Island was felt everywhere, and whether it was good orand to <]I them with ttie fallen. Tney had worked at evii.'lt was general and powerful. He believed the Ibewrongendtoolong. Iftheybaddonetheirwork influenceolNew-Yorkonthemoralsofthelandwas •orraetty before, they bad not seen such a conditien pervading and powerful. With what grandeur did•flklBgsnow. Howerer, with the knowledge, now that idea cloifae the objects of this AsauclaUon; each one of these parties to receive one-fourth of suchtoroughtoehatchway.In his descent, he first struckPolitical News.Bteaaer Delaware, Cannon, PtiOaddsUa, vik to r. Perktoa.piety.Large cities are the points where the alliedrOURD DBOWltXD IH THE ftTEB.year ago.Ihe Republicans of Illinois, as their can-Bark B. B. Knight, (of Boatao.) GrsLT.^BavtttaBbkt 11, with cedar and melado to H. D. BnoksaaiB Oab Has had very heavy weather M. of Battens, vilfc A. X.municate directly and safely with each other, and thus educate each other for the worx of wrong. All these associations of dram-shops, places for gambling,bered, is charged with havtog murdered Gsobok Rit~Txa, a seaman. Th'e is to retarn Brooklyn expectedto Vera Cmz to a few weeks with Minister McLun.**Tnx & tailors' No. 7 Mercer- KaivAts, trimmings.conducted inThe New Orleans True Delta says that in iUSteamship Buntsville, Post, Savannah, with and passengers to B. B. Cromwell fc Co.Patrsl, Bakei, Proviaensa. wtthnand other of placesTheir Illustrated the fact that this was a opponentsstreet." The body was removed to Bellevue Hospital, where it will be detained to await identification.HXOLIGEin POLICXMEII."prefer Docolab to any otoer man for toeBteamer Isaac OdeU.Boston, Sellew, Phlladelpbia,bawdy-houses wereamuse-benevolent,heavy weather to the Ht westerly'"arlaaawasgreaterthanTuesdaycrime. Thestatis-tie showing this bad been collected by the Commit- these, virtue would prevail and have the ascendancy her sondy Potter's Field. Deceased was about 30 years of age, grounds, but on toe belief that the sectional contest up 10 kegsand was addicted to habits of totemperance.to animalvulgar appetites,judgmenttwo-thirds of toepopulationof Loulsiaaa Presidency r.Perkins.with a Basd,evil propensities, and excited and depraved passions. They woike<l with the current, while moral reform had to toll against the current, employing sufficient power to stem the current, and bear on general piety.Tbe following Is a list of her officers Captain,:D.Steameruiastatistics of tbe places in the City, where combat between t)eDevolence and cupidity. Their1tcateringwere not but and there never selfish-Waterford, Ireland, fell from the slnataat ca; opponent^ did not give, but received theyJohn £. NeillPurser's Cleik, Forbes Parker.the casesclnsh,nsss so ungenerous as theiriwas/they would not ourywas not to toe notice of toose officials until broughtslight impor.died toat nirht from ixiories redoived. Tbe H. B. Q.;tney were so sordid that they wouldyesterday momtog. toeir remissness.juryeasterlyfiing daasge, and broke a leg of George AdaaiI. BrigNoitoern Light. (Br., of MalCaod. H.~Tof the loaters made through their instmmentiillty. When they saw how uncaring they were for theirown victims, tbe good would pity and pray for them,a homeless Irishman, while totox-i Icated, about 10 o'clock on Saturday night, fell totoofBut the good could associate also. A more directNo. 7 East River. Hethe terribleif any considerable portion oftoeagencyagainst him. Here was the reason why virtue hadeasily achievefrom native cf Maitland. N, sBrig 'Wm. Moore Tapley, aree«lba, P. B.. vtotCSaaya-ilitoner, whe also claims to be the legal wife of the CoBalHlonera had the PoUce to enter com' satisfied that childhood was the strong point of late Mr. Bcstoh.Brig GeorgeN. C, Id ds.. Wlto naval stores to master. FiflMiattoe. In accordance with their promise, the Policeto influence childhood in tbe wrong path. He wasalatnts against violators of the Sunday laws, andFlrea. Stotes owe to thefr brethren to toe Norto Schr. Eva BeUe, (of ereat fiarborj Lsa, Kar holdtog EggTrifling and accidental fires occurred yesterday a full margin of livtog principles." On toe other West 30 as., wito cotton to order. Bas STpsrisaasl In the basement of Messrs. E. T. Chkistiakso!! & heavy weatoer the entire passage. Bat been a da. N. at pedestrians and equestrians thronged the walks and Co. '8 tea and coffee No. 1 Chambers-street, and band, Mr. Bohbah, member of Congress from Souto Batteras, with heavy northerl} galas. Feb. 3i, at alght.morality and religloiu If they would promote1b accordance with their directions, about 26,000 com- charity they should continue and enlarge their skattog yesterday at the Central Park, but crowds ofyUints were lodged tn the office of the Dlstrict-Attor- Influence over childhood. If children were»ey,lM>t, strange to tell, not one of those complaints enlisted in the cause of andhad been prosecuted to a conviction. The result caused the CkKomissioners to send a communication to tbe Leglalalure, saying that there was no use inAbseeom beartog W, N. W. 10 .miles, was raa iato by an unknown schooner, bd. S.. which carried a«ay iib- booai, and stove toe bow in Partisity stopped tba laafc with cotton. Have been compelled since to ksep seegoing to free ber. Did not ascertain what danaga Sulemoptoer vessel received.Schr.MaggieVandnsen.Alien,Wasbtogton,N.0.,IB ds.. wlto naval stores and cotton to order. Has exforl- eneed heavy N. to N. ff. gales tbe entire passpart of deck- load, boat and broke m»inboo«.Schr. Maria Pike, (3 masto,) Crawford, iflaatltlaa, Hex., Feb. s, wlto mahogany and fustic to T. Ytetor fc Dnckwiti.Schr. Lewis Sturtevant, Stover, Oharlestaa 7 da.. wMh yellow p'ne to Peck ft Church.power, commencing with the children, and working BkaklBg complaints unless tbe laws were made more all the of the laws of the land and thestreet.Oak-street by"I'ciegraph Office,{Dv a fireman, that there was a fire inthestoreNo.86VVilliam-street. Damageamount- l»gto fU2 was done to toe doors of tola cs'.at>U&h-.ment. ^^^^^^^^^^^^__ BROOKLYN UTELIiIGENCK.CocKTEBFEiT MONEY.—Two women were ar-asrlct. The Commissioners of Excise, too, had stated,when asked, that they had granted only some seventyIteenses. Why not more ? One reason wds that, bya dc<1slon of the supreme Court, it was held that 6ar-Ilea Bot lleenied were not Uanle to the portion of^theaet having special reference to the Sunday. There ways engendered kindred virtues, and with religiouscard FBOB UCOBtiX SBHXOTT. lb tke Erfttor ^Ae fTew-Yort Timet :A new spaper paragraph has it that I am to ad- dress toe Legislative Committee at Richmond to the case of Stxvxns, on toe invitotlon of Gov. Lirosia. It goes on to state that toe prosecuting officers andmoralitythey would have not only an additipnai force whenthey were grown, but a better trained and equippedspitedown,False alarms were caused by a bonfire iaby aulhoritycommandments ol God, they could not but continue untilInallbvplacesthedayofGodwouldberemem- bered, €ancUfied and heeded.Ice, by merous gray-coated Policemen, who, doubtless, pre- ventedmanyfoul-hardyadventurersfromreltuntogStereas, snrrectlonlst.— train from taking out licenses. Then the Judiciary of moting ail and suBtaining all, they would combine 33225 admitted to Feb. ;waa then a powerful motive for liquor dealers to re-institntluns tbe Sabbath did not stand alone. Pro-Rematotog ;17,24, re-all Ihe Itfiuences that God had given for the salva- concerned, were mainly, not entirely, nomiaated tion of men. He hoped the cause would be In their aad elected by the hquor-seiling Interest, and, also, hearts as well as In their hands, so long as God gavemaintog at date, 213.Males, 182toe City, so far as most of the Criminal Courts werepsblic sentiment had been drugged and paralyzed. It them capacity to labor for him and for humanity.;was onder soch circumstances that the Committee began their labors. Their first work was to carefully prepare a document in which were statements of theAODBISS or RKT. DB. HOGE,Rev. Dr. Hoot was the next speaker. He said he felt Itwas profitable though painful for tbem to becotmterfeit bills on toe Hudson $3no reason to believe toat would favor us to Schr. Emcline, Deonlson, St. Marks 13 they anyway. The kindness of toe Govemor and toe Judge ton, be. to Terry i Del* TorreTnen other virtues would follow, one virtue al-WllKLT RiPOBT OF TBI NlW-YOBg HOSPITAL.,cinct, for passtogCounty Bank of Jersey City, and counterfeit $3 billswith cot-ds.,tiaffic Tb&tdocumentwastakenupbytherespect- and warehouseofMessrs.Dexter,Lambertd: made them feel that all was safe with them. But at fimgeSchr,Almira,Banner,MorrisBiverlds.,wKtaisaata mas'er.tliere had been a a God,Douoias, this country. Mr. held an inquest upon the body, and it was interred iu bastog his advocacy of him, not upon personal;Quarantine about 9 o'clock last evening, havtog left As be seemed to be totoxjcated at toe time, it is sup- published from a gentleman who stotes toat he dtoed Steamship Baltic. Gray, Asptowall FaSbB. lUb, wWiUtBh Pensacola at 9 A. U. of the lOtb Inst. It is under- posed toat, mistaking toe entrance of the church for and spent toe eventog wito Mr, Gnama, at his own sure and paiuengers to the North AtlaatMS8'and Messrs. Cbahi and FowLia for thein the earth. The Secretary had referred to an agency petl-PhflaMaUB.religion,avenues, which were to an excellent condition de-home wetter and wiser men.store,In toe basement ol Pattzk's Hotel, in Greenwich-Carolina, thinks it would be an insult to toe Suuto to insist upon his nomtoation.Precinct, for atttmpting to pass a $2 counterfeit bill ments had been before. Of the respectable Press of this meeting thev had heard things that ought tn noise In the of toe building. Suspecting on toe State Bank, Boston, Mass.goodness of heart toat aged and emtoent dignitariescondescended to encourage a young man, a stranger Schr. C. B. Fainter Stephens, Milford, DeL, 1 ds.. and to a critical i>osition. Civilities accorded to that wito corn to B. N. Fox.way should not be interpreted to anotoer way.able Press of the City, and discussed as few docu- Co., No. 54U Pearl-street, was alarmed at hearing amake the stoutest heart quake. Would to God that all sober, industrious honest citizens could have heard the statements made to-night. The snow-clad earth bad recently looked soupper partthat burglars were at work, he sectired the assistance of Officeis Hnggtos, Maguire and Porcher, of the Sixth Precinct, Kho, on maktog tovestigation, found two men overhauitog the goods on the second floor ofAn Impostor.—George Watson was arrested^rkf"that Mr. Dooeuis prob^blvat 70. It Is alsoboth at Portland and Montreal, toat toere most beand ethers In •tawmita./< tckooner Defiance from Akt Caff*—Cap*. 1«d>obS.lytheaodianee had not hesrd bis ganeroa.Williamto •1,000 lor the purpoees of the Society. give wantlt.Williams,youngyears of agesomedred and sixty on bean), as she was neverand oondemned at Aax Cayes.ofl^erMr. D'ooLAS^-kes; andtwoltyouTbs CsAis-That ta the mannetro winhawtbelvcebr touchesmistake about the Httngmriiut having toree hun-CITY INTELLIGENCE.BTABBXD m A nOHT.John O'Brien waa admitted to toe New-YorkMtW-TOU..Stesmihipa Terktewn, Panista, Norfblk, ImOMaJtThe wUl of the late Srsraaa Wairasx has been oflered forcame to this aity by telegraph fromG, Fabbaqct, CommanderA. N. Smith, Wm. Mltchill and H. A. Adams, Jr.;Surgeon,L. W. Assistant Minor;wbodied on totemoerance.;:, ';, Stoekbaa, (of Bata,) Gilea,Purser, T. H. LooserJ. Fol-to him may toerefore be sent to Charleston. As It feels quite sure however toat he is to be toePec via Gibraltar Jan^ 8 wlto mesa, to 1>,Engineers,Captato's Clerk, E. C. Gabaudan;Thi W:ll or thx latb Wii. E. Bcbton.—Mr.Johb C. Pixst filed affidavits before the on Surrogate,Saturday, claiming that Mrs. EiizADXTn BcsTo.t, ofLondon, was the first wife of tke lato Wu. E. BiaToicthat no divorce had ever been obtained Ciom her bypro-vlslons of tbe willThe Twentleto posedBaft Etockrn. Feb. si. off Bamagat, tooK pOot Inal;the deceased, who lived with her for a number ofBut he felt as he dfl a few nights since, when, sitting Hugglns money that we shall look wito keen anxiety and manv mis- BBd German, that purported to have been signed by surrender, and as he refused to do so, discharged ted by Capt. Sbacsmah to answer. GEO. SENNOTT.Belaw.Ship Austria. (Chilian,) from Smvraa.quietly in his chamber, be detected the gradually ac- givings. Yours respectfully, 446persons. AninvestigationofUienamesshowed cumulatingsmoke. Tiu-oughthehousethesmoke onebarrelofbisrevolvertothedirectiontowiilcbhe Mortality.—Therewereonly104deathsduring BOSTOS,Wednesday,Feb.22,1860.ui duaax. BrigPedroSancbeiDoll,Fickett,fromNaevitaa.—that 248 of the persons named could not be found inand yet ihere was no flimei it was stood, with the object of intimidattog him. At this38 were liquor dealers, and 47 clerks' Ae. The action of the Police Commissioners on thekept gathering,working in secret through the walls. Tbe prepara- tion had been made for years, and the time came forstairs, and reaching thetoe week endmg Saturday last. Tliey aretoe Directoryaafcirtals was worthy of them and of a the Inmates to flee. He thanked Goil that these tog, which Is 60 feet above the ground. Louis Ber- 24classified;;Murphyupupper to the roof of the build-CAdTertiMiBeat. J —Chrlstlaa City. Then came, in the good providence moral dangers allowed of a cry for help In the com- nowskl, a Pole, the other btirglar, who had been se-•f God, an Improvement In the action of the legal cured, united with the policemen to advistog Murphy The piinclpal deatos were aalhaiitles. Some of the complsiats that had been ing stmggle. The Committee bad this night given to descend from the roof and submit to arrest. He flammation of toe lungs, 13iyteg In the District-Attorney's office, were brought tbe notes of warning. He knew that the work of the would not heed them, however, but jumped from;croup, 8. ThereMfore an honest Judge and an honest Jury, ana hou- Committee had been a difficult one, and perhaps dis- where he a distance of 30 feet, to theold age 12 still-bora. ;Seventy-eightwere natives half tbeprice.«at reidlcts were rendered In twelve cases. It wastasteful. But it was sometimes necessary, when stood,no dictation of political parties whobarreled pistol, a dirk knife, a gold watch and "a neighbor had been ravaged, for the cour- was an additional distance of SO higher ageous man to go down in tbe dark den precipitated—Fire. A frame tenement house on Pacific-lost all of toeir furniture. Loss on nearlyetiert to suppress the Sunday Uquor traffic might be up on behalf of the Lord against tlie mighty, the right thigh fractured in such a manner that building $1,500. Insured in toe .Mechanics' Insurance•onuelfeesthay shall have for canoldates," etc. Besides the oc-caMocal boast of political power and success In be-kalYofttils organization, there had been manifold in-«Hratt<nn of Its restraining and disturbing influence la stitution born at the same time— the institution of fected through the basement, the door of which had stead.Ixenso violent agamst the Police Comailislonersand the Sabtiath Committee that the effect nad beensympathy In their favor, and lie was not sure but the immortality. How should they secure the feelingon the third floor, but notiitog toere bad been dis- tiubed.VICTIMIZKD BY A WIDOW.Mr. Matthew- W. Connelt, a gray-haired wid-jwer,:HicEHAiT, of Pennsylvania, some exir^ordtoary mis- statements have appeared to toe public papers. 'The New-York Tribune and other presses have deliber- ately 'jharged that 1. in ctuinectlon with other ge.iile- mtn, was present on that occasion to assist .Mr. En-...Mar. 1 Prince Albert ....Mar. 1laeblcoU Tlrmfjof Wednesoay Kajisr,. avery ciitlcal position owtoj to too prevalliaa Boa^Cosualttee owed tbe Sunday Prcos a vote .jf thanks for what they Lau done for the progress of tne Sab-that man is immortal and lift his aspirations towardi; Heaven? Could it be learned in Chathara-slreetVIko £ui'opa. Jura...Mar. 3. ...Mar. 7 Mar. 7 ...Mar. 10 ...Mar 14 .Mar. 17.New-York... .-L4TerpoolWiLMlNOTO.v. N. C, Feb. 35 —The bV''.^'^°iS.2l i»S-l f«8t. Me., irom Cub\, brf. to New York, Is roponaalow to distressBaitiuobe, I'tb. a.—The shins A. M.m meeting w as called by tbem at Volks Garten', butsales and exchanges of real esta'tc in Wall street, Where the chief music la but the chink of the dol-s'olen $497 worth of household furniture from ClaraHastlnea, a dashtog young widow. It seems to'ititg armed, we stood rea Jy to assassinate toe la'.ter.Af.ica Bremen America VanderbiltI*"Wi*Sthere was not a large attendance. Someodd Vice-Presidents were elected, and twenty-two resolution* were read and passed, and lar,gentlemanin case he should make tbe least resist-1« B«BI« astv/enty-latter not leaking as reported by brig "olaaja;— trlegraphlo Ellwood Walter, Esq., Secretaryforth man celebrated his own firstmunion with his God, and the day on which the sec- ondAdamwenttohisFather. Therewasatwinin-chain, two largeof toe premises showed toat entrance bad been ef- been forced, and that by cutltog away toe heavy plankEast for Boston, by Railroad East for Boston, by SteamboatHi A. M. aad 2P. M.Liverpoolfrom Liverpool torJ., from toe Weat Indies.the administration of public justice whenever thelights of tb« people and the lawlessness of the Uquortotarestbad been in question, as the Excise Cktmmis-aioaers avowed, and as every magistrate knew. the one would demolish the other. VVhen man tots floor had been tooroughly—34. 44, 67, so, 51, S2, 57, 58, 59, 60, 63, 65, 66, 18, 22. 28, 32,5,10.be ":gonn. Callao.NEW.OKLEANS, Feb. 28.—Arr ship NeotoncCnmThe next obstacle, if such It could be csUed,struck a blow at one he would never rest until theto pay for the trouble of removal. To get Inti the Tbe HIckniRD and Edmnndapn DlfBcalcy. day, at s A. U. Letters shoBld be marked Overland,was the Sunday Press. There were six pa- other could t>e It was a destroyed. simply questionL&mbkkt i Co.'3 storeEXI'LANaIOBY letter t'BUU VlCE-l'BESlDESr rw St. Joseph."l»»s formarriage. He was not surprised at the statement that the seventh luid fourlh commandments were alike violated, and that those who would strilie downbeen made enough to admit the body of a man. The goods on overhauled thefor itpers that had done all that could be done by whether the City sliould be another Sodom and Go- hallway from Messrs. Dextsx,_-Italian bark Newcastle Fng.,Z!d. returnedtbe multiplication of false issues, and abuse the toleves bad brosen torough a slight pirtlUon and {by moirah. How could they spare the Sabba'.h Day ?IUtob»«bSulianSj Piofjtsione day on which man could learn the lesson of hishorussia.:few-YoTk.. ..Hamburg .New-York.. ..Gaiway.Maa. 8B» went ashore on tbe night of the 30th. _,—jinday joyouscom-;dreckinridue. ants of Police and the Sdbbath (^omiolttee. In Intellectual life demands It. the floor above.where they selected about $4,0OU worth To the Editors «f the Constitution :Mof the Police Commi.-'eioners, the Superintend- Even the brute needs his Sabbath. Our ph)sical and forced toe door of Messrs. llmui. & Booth's s'.oro inMaTamaata at Oceaa Stei roB anaora.Data. Lmvw....Feb. 2» .Kee-^ork.. ..LlTameoV before reported ashore below, on West P»" SfiS" "They might show howthat respect he would' not say all he knew of the all the noblest faculties of the mind were fided witti of silk gcods«hieh were picked ready for removal. GiMLESiENof stesmtng Maryland. TaiB.ti-xKEPLSi—Wabhwoton._. _ —...—. Feb. »•—stoi y,theskylightas follows: Men, 18; women, 20; boys, 42, girls,London Cldb Bauce. This unrivaled Sauce,Bana4.Steamships Kangaroo, (Br..) for Llvemoel; Quakardarted got throughLieutenants, J. A.Coroner jAcanAit held antoe body of Jaios Fablit, residing at No. 261 WestThursday night,bhallarrive in reachingIs now on the way,PsEXT appeared for Mrs. Bcaro.^ and Wu. 8. Bubtov,: througb Urge quantities |Ma(The Cintbal Pabe Ybstkrdat.—There was notbe recent severe storms. The "ball" wasand those who would not recognize this signal of the rottenness of the were warned off it the nu-on Feb.discharged, cured or relieved, 43Soon after 10 o'clock on Saturday night,John J.on theiSFairfieid CountvBank of'Conn.I shall always recall with gratitude,but I could Schr Ann, Cole, City Point 5 ds., wito Soar aad to- notdied, 2 females, 31.peakedroof of the adjoining building, and slldtog down, of toe United Steles.;;TMr "-them with broken into hiscNboa.rf11esThomas-streehta,vtong Friday night, andgroscteorlye,n$91 from a trunk. A breastpin, found to Anderson's the other steamers belongbig to the same line as her- _wasidentifiedby Csrll as been tpaoBksetsssflronm, toe same trunk, and tols led thoavtioneg arrest of toe accused. Jaatloe Osaoiii held them boto for triaLWill or ibb latb Stbphbh Whitnit.—probate to the Surrogate's Coart,the citation being re. dirk knile by John Francis, a Suaalard, in a quarrel faith. It turned out, however, to be the list ofgood Croigwell hAssociation as toetunable on the Mh proximo. WtLLiia WmT»aT, the which occurred between toem at No. M Cherry-street. sengers wbo went to tte Bungariem;Co. BK8ot, niaandJoanDou,andbisgrand-sons,PbiupsPho-Frands Had after the assatilt, and so fkr has not been heard of by the police.herootwaid MItehiU* Havaaa, Barasai^ Co.; Qnaker, sbaleldt,•on of the deceased, his lont-In-law, Fsanmiin)trip.It was sappressed snd here,MOKECOUmEKKElTlKO.IX and GBoaoi Haiiai WiaasKof Troy, are appointed Absalom Crawford, who does tbe marketing for a adelphia, but toa despateh seemed to havefailed tosa stedt b Co. ; N. B. Palmer, Low, Shanahal, A A. Lawbe felt he had two his sister. Is to receive »8,eoo. residue hearts,[r that there Is In the City not only one, but a the one Impelling him to do right and the other to do tate is bequeathed to the executors, who shall collect:Ob Saturday momtog, Wiluav SxiuiTxa, a labor- on Friday last, thinks toat on leaving Qoeenstown born, Norfolk, -; Fieetwlng. Dooglaa, Bii"Mb.*:I:er employed at No. 2S Cedar-street, while at work latbe third story of toe store belptog to carry a i:ase ofharbor toe Hungarian had nearly forty eabto passen- gers, and some sixty steerage passengers.;Bunt, Xlisabetoport, O. L. ^atcb fc Ce?and receive the rents and profits thereof for the bene- fit of Miai.the wife of Joms P. PhOiSIX; Cajwuhs,Golden Bsgle.Kelsey, Baltliort,^—I;-Police Reports.BBCLABS StJRPBISID IN A WABBB0C8I A DKS- Mass. H. Q. Corroif was arrested the— FXKATX AUD PBOBABLT PATAI, LEAP.in Third Pre-to correct toe statement. Schr. P. A. Sanders, Young, PhlladelpliiB, with aaal The prosecuting officers, I regret to say, gsve me for Boston.Norwalk,unaiorallty and crime caused by the Sunday liquor- here. Most of tbem had come from influences that Wagner, the night watchman employed In the silk WitLiAU BccK, mschtoist. was arrested in toe Sixto mlsiindetstend it. It was imdoubtedly from pure bacco to Jaires Hunter A Co. ,the City, he desired to say, that it had done most ex-cellent service In the cause. To the respectablePress ttaey owed much, for in the Sabbath movement,toiaagh divided on other subjects, it had presentedsm nnbroken front, and in it the Sunday pure, that all the earth seemed spotless. But, way the warehouse As soon as the thieves were aware accused of having collected a large amotmt to toe no tooication as to toe pardonSchr. Alexander Benderson, Ketcbam, PUIadelpbiB > ds.. wlto coal.below all this, twenty or thirty feet in depth, they ever hope rematos to toat unfortunate young man isPreaa had found itself confronted by a very knew that there was a gtilf reeking with filth and that they had been detected, Charles Murphy, one of name of Hose Companies No. 8 and No. 9, without to be found onlv to tbe mercy snd magnanimity ofmktmg power for good. In opposition to that tbem, endeavored to escape byjumptog from a wto- any autoorlty whatever, and wlto having appropri- Ship Ztngari, (of Boston.) Newbegin, Oaleatta, aaC dacument circulars had been gotten up in English conuption, beating away the impurity of the City. dow to the sidewalk. Officer ordered him to ated toe to his own benefit. He was commit- toe Legislature of Virginia, It Is there, at any rate, Bid. Itom Sanger Oct. 10, to W. A. Sale A Co.thea said tiiat the cases would be carried to aCoort, but thus far not one of them had beeneanted there. What, they might ask, was In that in secret stole out and committed Its ravages. ment, In an alleyway between the two stores.tte way. If he was not mistaken, a partial explana- It would be the people's fault now, if Uie evil contin- Tb^ officers, on sea.'cbtog for him, found him lying fire on Saturday morning. The occupants—four fam- vided tbe secretions be rectified and toe stomach ver,from Portland for New-York 36to, batkflaaqa-tlos Itnown as the Liquor Dealers* Association,"left leg broken near the knee, and his lace and head Company.Insurance. A hou^e owned by MichablbVK Millions of bottles are now used every year le New-Urleans. barfca Indiana, from Mobile, aaa Tta«oaaposed of more than six thousand members, mostly baa called to create beenshockingly cut. He was at once removed to the Hos- adjotoinp. SuiTU,wasdamagedtotoeextent01 $200. InsuredGalveston. Off ships Highland Light,of the wolf, and strive with tbe ferocious enemy,feet, to the ground, Etrllttog upon tbe pave-street, near Vanderbilt-avenue, was destroyed byTioK cr TBI Etuids.—This ototment, smeared lightlyNE'WPOBT,from Providence for New York sebrs.,Ma>y— tion of the difficultieB and dela> a attending the entire ues. The trumpet had been sounded lor help to come on the pavement, perfectly insensible, with his ilies;Tborras. Foss. from Mobile for Providcnoe,BuSTON, Feb. 36.—Arr. barks tiarriet BBaalOw.traced to the existence of a powerful secret organlza- "tbe bones protruded from tbe flesh at right angles, his[ASvertlaeBieat.1MBS. •WIJtBLOW'S soothing STBUP.from New-Orltans L. D. Carver, ,tramdesperate, and the wicked. Tbe Committee could not do the work alone. The meetingworkThe loss on furniture was $1,000. TioBooke,Wl'ej, Libertrin aof foreign blith. The ample fums of this body are that was to be long, patient and costly, and pital, where be lies at pre^eut in an extremely preca- In toe Pheiiix Insurancerious condition. The surgeon says that it will be and an annual payment of four dollars by each mem- The work appealed to all to tw its advocato:^ and de necessary to amputate botli his legs, and that It isCompany.—Willi.vm Campbell waafamished by an inldatton fee of twenty-one dollars,from which probably they could never be discharged.faijtag OnlySscentsbei. Tbe objects of this cssoclation might be inferredfrom facts brought to light by the explosion last Sum- —prot}able he will not survive the operation. Tne to- jured man is represented by toe Police to be a des-character. He is a Canadian, and not moreFatal Accide.nt.abotUe.CITT FOST-OFFICB.fenders. What was it that called for help? The old-Instantlykilled in toe Atlantic White Lead Works, on—est Institution in all this world that which the GodMarshall-street, Saturday afternoon, by being caughtmer of the Brooklyn organization the seceding had made peculiar to his people. When creation was perateAntelope, of New-York, tram Loodon far VafenergyBsaBALTIMORE. Feb. 3£ —Below, ships A. M. Laarsana,from Palermo on Dec. 30 Sbe reporu heavy stalbtron toe three weeks W.of IhaBsr- coast. Sbe has twennndas. Jan. 18. lat. S3 33 Ion. 14 81 W., Spobe, N.,party laying down a new basis for their associa- the Sabbath was his crown. When than twenty-two years of age. His confederate Id tbe belting of some of toe machinery. His re-In the bars Rio. leaking U laakaa bay, Wheatland,from" finished, day to the noa, to the effect that there were to be no God's work was complete then came this blessed BernowskI was taken before Justice Osconn. by mains were takenDeparture of Domestic SlaUa. residence of bis family, at North—Albany. Buffalo and Canadas3 P. H. per hour. Art., steamer Parsereburith^fross J^ew-Sofcedleviesuponitsmembersforthepurposeofin-Aoenelng courts, public officers, or paying imaginary seventh day, but it was mrn's first day. The change sloH of the prisoners were found a loaded five-yoikshe ;weather.ShipOnwara,tts^jabilee,andGodandmanrejoiced. ItwasGod'.s attheresurrectionofChrist,wasbeautiful. Hence-t^A.M. .&!< A. M. and 3H P. M. Soato and Sontowettem Mail. ..A A. M. and *it P. M.whomhewascommittedtoprison. Intoeposaes- No.134Plymouth-street.iliamles." a brace and bit, a darklantern and six skeleton keys. An examtoation Holy Trinity.of toe floor above an aperture hadlargeLouis."Tbe Overland Halls from St. Joseph (Mo.) to Plaeer-ville, via Sail Lake City, leave St. Joseph every Satur- "« ^,,^ ^w^ Bio de Janeiro.by burglars, but none seemed valuable enough to themLiverpool;bark Grapeshot, from HtoeellBBeoBB*III coBncctioii with the recent dif-matter. It was sufficient to say that the onset had their proper nutrimt-ut on that day. There should be Next thev visited the store of Mr. Joan StonssaAS, ficulty between Mr. EnsicriDsuN, of Vlrgtoia, and Mr. ArabiaTM>Ag»- saM: The barkin Wooster- street, was taken before Justicelatb movement. Its opponsnLi berame alarmed and en uays in the week? Could it be learned among the UsBOSji yesterday, to answer a charge 01 having ULM>i'oa ill an ashauit on Mr. HiciuiAir, and toat, be- adinbargh.. Liverpool. ..Liverpoolamongtheready-madeand second-hand rtoihes S'-v-reblotog—alleged, among that Mr. HicsjiAs would feel bound to correct them. United Kingdom. -.Feb. 29.. .New-Yirk... .<4iao.-3w.and tbe chimes of old serve but to remind about months ago .VIr. Connelt, plenty ance. Trinity eighteen havtogMar. 21 .Bolton Mar.24 .New-York....Idve*-pyoIthe merchant of the hours of banking and business ? of cash, luruished a suite of rooms to elegant style,nave been very muchat these accusa-Havre. ..Liverpool.-"liberty" was secured for the Bowery for the silks and and aall coming time. The respectable Germ..ns Could It be learned in Broadway, among sought housekeeper,and holy Influences upon them "Tney must have a finally engaged toe services ol Mrs. Hastings,surprisedMar. 2J.. .J»>»-Ye»kUnderwriters.)_II iswan Indignant that the German should be dismonds? How could they bring sweet and high frail denizens of Cburcb and Mercer streets. He He has not done ao"and,held iesp<nslble for the sentiments uttered at day for this, and God gave them that day, not simply and for a ume toe old man and his young pro- rtpeated, I toink Itproi^erto n,a!iethefo;iowingstdte-toat naeting, and the result was a very lareg meet- lor relaxation from labor, but for a high and holy end. lifi lived pleasantly togetoer. But young and in- m'-nt deem a amusements teresttogFeb. 15Feb. 15Feb. 18Feb,22 ..Liverpoolrcb. 22 ..LiverpoolFeb. 25. ..Liver pod ..Boston. Veb. 25:•B;Abii»Edinburghing of the German people In Cooper Institute, in favor Some would Sabbath of suffi- widows usually have male admirers, I bappened to wlmess the difficulty between toose Anglo-Saxon..—.. of abetter obserrance of the Sabbath That meeting cient, but, If they would read of thq effect of such and Mis. Hastings was not singular to this respecu gentlemen. Itwas not a fight—it was only a scene. NoaScolianLiverpool .LiverptK>lBoa» America and AuawaD. The Chaudemlagors. JJ?^tbe Faia- A«. sblwBBwahad resulted In a great deal ol good abroad as well iisWood, per published in Berlin, acknowledging inagratify- ers.follow a on a Sabbath to Jones' Tbe first who seemed too particular in his They wtre walking tueether towards the gate of thehew-York for San Francisco, was seen near lar d Islands en Nov. 16. Sid.. J.n. IS,tn the He had with him an extract from a Shbbaths, City. pa- and seecompanygentleman that leads into the attentluLS to toe widow was, however, dismissed Capitol groundsbyearnest solicitiUon of ner em- seme dut.ince behind theui, andtesty old uria^-.-rorao'tnled,mg manner, the receipt of a report of Jiat mtetlng. dissipationHe would now say a word as to the results of the beauties of nature—became too fre- nccpl by my llfle son. Sui..i>>nly toey stood.PortUnd ..New.YorA Mar. ..Hamburg ..tiew-v:,ii .New-Yorkrto. ;^^mmlttee's labors. It had been claimed, howeverhe too was1.Mar. 3 ..fiatwayHamSound 9ih. Ao;. ship Boward,that the stric*. observance of iMt wbiie the utpiiost freedom was allowed In P»risanother niaa—a..L. M; TOJ- f,"?- »^"P fS'KSVllSit^Jr^nge might appear,Hebrew clothesaway. At...Mar. 6 ..Havre toa vox WKsr lanixs.10th Snsan^?.h .", SmSavwho observed the <:bristlan Sabbath who w.ire m)sLsaybarkl.ec 8. Tbe Am. sb-i—o^fWar^otmorMtmgao.no drunkenBe.16 therefti«fc«rtoitatlngthatln IkutoBk taClasgowtheSbertflpelproperty.SSTc^Magieofthe tlti u«.tton by thousands.Tbeof a— A. Siape- Hon. M. S. Latbsm and servant, Mrs. Moore.per cent.;It-new taelr eflorts. Ohr-CBBB 91or more than half. York,Mi.sas J. Woods. M«Jo0r Llwlon. F.i^hiuuC the McKenzle act "-it waspreached,gooossoon as Mrs. Hastings hearu of this, she Instituted the present complaint for grand larceny. The matter is still under tovestigation by toe magistrate.together ,in theirgowbixre thCTpteaaed, there wa^ so iiuiepurpose to assassinate that was the Interf-rence of Mr. preserve tbe peace, and whichpreventunfoundedof aiid act, and have beenMiss M. M. Crowell Miss J. McOarthr. K. f.L Knox was electeSa/.^T^thelikej.nnpleaaant. pharasalcal, puritani-cameKiiiiwas bappllv so prompt and effectual as to even's collision.M.Stro- ^I'r. A. r. Denni- wiie ty. B Oilbert. ^.1.B.,»*•"'A".'."-^'-->,>icr to All toeW JOgg^'Zit.So. He woald add, also, that theIn Lando m had stated that In that city theehildren I via out of wadlock was four per cent, forJOH."*Paris the p loportlon was 33 per cent.any and/alse.ladyptT cent.,mittee began t>etr work, Sunday crime exceededcommitted ber for in civil life, carried aofperformed a ktodfnmlly,Mrs.at -No.SC__ ''^<BS ; —Stewart of theabused for It. WAaanioroilCitt,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069pocSoi;under notice myly and wife.Childe, wife sod a liifanUt-Tidne. Sctlller, Capt. John De Camp, U. S.Nthis day,Jf"i\ ieatfcinUn Munich. 48 per ceat, aad in vi-;ana tbe Danifhrtt;receipt been havingplaced.Mr.parties. Hickuas seemedlerslricg.,Tf-'7fn:Fknd So Jan. '23. Am. whalebark Oilnoibos,,!.«»> .^cH Tbe Am. whalebark Joab Slto-"'l-'e inferences drawn;ttuta Dcr cent ofVhl" "'^"^ alleEationa by stating we d<e the elter. Then^^TMdonly?Xl„";fUS»*oSi Anier&'^r°l^r'>' ", per cent, byhousekeeper,Ki^en. Subsequently, however, the:aided tbem were be would esil upon tbem to presentInmates. TnewhollyO.1'"^^";"^^"- ^»-"^°^^"•-"*/ ^Sys".*„^donly proofAT Treasurfr,of g! M. MiUigan.fur^'Jilf, Reg.ct,aJ'^,}^g^ ;;'^and otoers to;Mr. E. P. 'WUbur, J.vacancy occaiioperf"?,.uroportionofv\- u.....FUKNISHED BOrAoolmt,DorJaNs6t.og-ieAfurnished roomBrusselli 33one of tbelike toe rest,^stiniulanls of theAll accounts agreed that the day was spent In—No-to Amirican...F"b. 29 ..Llverpoo:;gentlemanaoart, his right hana as if tothe spiritualpreach- that the menhad not been drinking In theol Chlnchas 17th Gibralt-j. do.;8amoelWam^It wasdrinking in from morning to night. It wys the ro.,*-Cityfreshed for the next day's labor? Or was It not thoselove.lliDi, too,toetestyold mailwould have senttowards Mr. Hickman, whose hat fell off.lamuna'de it or the fallMc;boo;i.e Feb. 27.... New-York.. ...N.O.fcHa. onel. Tbe Am. b.-.rk I'""^'""!'',, l' ,1.and men into dcs'rtic- p'ungedLet tbe friends of reform there- fore gird on their armor. They preached not thelong gloomy, dull,cal Sabbath that IhtlrSabbath that Cod mace foristtring toman's bestwant, aad bringingcles npon him. II the editors of those pressesmchaige allowed him to them off. As carrywhich he assented, and we walked gale.or New -JxEsiv. No. «a Wall-st^Butcrime a *>out 2j per a of n/ay be proud. And, oh that thev shouki write no irputsble woman,lagerpier thatiheygratifyquei.told man'» whim, oaucingand all the belUtleing influences of the mind elapstd when stillCaujw-enemies but the suggested,T.^iJ^ESSl '''^STWeeTuS^"""[;• fSnuT^ '5r'EJas»tf u13tUh1-st.hispeople,—Suckley. V. 8. A.:IT la A;n. aan.nj.taT. Dean,ancientmiu- down VtmiT- who hadCol. Morris. U. S. A. .weroher, at toe ployer. Soon,..Llvdriool ol Ualtimore Feb. 29 ..LivencK»ol35th. John Bryant, do.: 26in. bead. 'Valrara'i;o.Am. oatk flagbthe discarded. Moutusone (Mr. Keitt, I thinki who drew hia»ne Sabbath Is unlrlendly to morality. It was said that attracted the crowd. And were thflv most re- dealer, with auburn hair—sought to win the wMow's th»t moment he made a m-Hlon with his left hind FultonanotoerIn his calls upon the wlaow, and toPe Soto i'; "''asgow, where tbera were strict reiiefhed by the day of rest? Was It no: these, ijt ^ervlce. Alter the separation. It is alleged that the was caused by an Involtuitiry inovc:neDt of Mr. «an*»ftSTiSowhUe inbut would not consent and lelt hs bi«;<i-o(fi*whtther .Mr. Epvl-.nsso!) louche 1towith God and man who awoke ref'-cs'ied for fuinl'uie wan taken Mr. and stored for I'll EMi.i's bca-1. 1 ap; roa^ned as is ilatenZHsaway,=^SSed ^"^ "Ol ti'oe to enter Into thedutiesof another week? But, if this life was our fiitun' dl»|« »lllon a of ItMar. 8s....Nieiwe-w-Y»oorFk».. ..v»,.*-a pIsllsaMnrd'sorDpc. «,.enirmhu. M ^'^amount of drunkenness wasby Comiel^we eat and drink and the sooucr in ili.h«iii-» 111 his late might perhapsrapidly possble,Mar.roa CAuroamA.California.,Islnods, was at the * aiuaaa isiaaoa bd. to toe Sanawlchpeacesnd stood between theto whom the dl-iOii)l"'sed and agitated, but I saw no evi.leno; of Battleall,TS* wS"y foteiEne/s^'" '=?""'"«'»J "ere In New- is believed to be noble, and the gospel of the G-jr.u-tn complaliiani avrrn that Mr. Connelt called at the son. and, of course, after tbe Interposition of by...Mar. 5.... New-York.. FOB TBS BznmxaAaaAH.iTl cou, ,h°'"'' ffor man. When society had thus so forgotten its immortality, that doctrine of suicide became practi-h»d Ion the receipt, and demanded theThinking his story was correct, toe person having theBOBBID in DISBXrUTABLE HOUSKS.Jnbn Creamer alleges that t4S was stolen from him^«' '"» ?h','f"Vf* cal— phitoeopher—the doctrine of suicideIs man the waste of allto strike Mr.star.ders, no conflict would have been allowed, .ifter a psuse of a few inomeuts. I took Mr. Hicsm.i'sann. and suggested that we should walk onLiphtthat gooiis had Is tbe on'y gos-attemptedluriiniai-e whrii' the lu'niture was stored, stating that heEbml-hd-?.nS;<n crew allCoiirAlIT OFFICE OJ Till :sSIEil. P.AII.SDAn Jto a house of Ill-fame to Mereer-was for armel,;;;adults, 38children, 66males, 60;females, 44.manufactiuedbyPaxku Bios., London, can be ob-tained of their fever, 8 were two deaths from old WorcestershireA. J. Pabxis, No. and can be obtatoed at one-and Pills—^Inplakha-City tor HavanaB. B. Cnjler. (new.)aad At-'A Farewell Sermon.— Lewis deliver., ed a farewell sermon yesterday to the Church of theKail Itestern MaU, via Srle Railroadrep•o"rts heav'yPHILADELPHIA, Feb. 38.-Arr.. Wyo«iog.LiGBi.—Gas has been introduced into1gl«te, ghoald aiarkei Overland, vid Su Sid., tod.--y, ships Torreni, Puyet.n_«::;By consumption,9to-agent Sauce,City,;Yorktown, Norfolk,1the tions, but have waited a reasonable time to the hope Asia;byareportpobtUbodln tbe Loadon Sttmm Skiwfmtf Jmmut,ofFeb.10,whiehgivesthenomberoftoe Bavslin,0.Dn^.W.KeUr,J.Mollofnameswhich Boston, where it was&a of a cormterfelt bill Argonaut, Boston, CaryBro.debts aad funeral and testamentary charges, tbe wife on charge passing $S on John Messrs; Sabsl A SiAaLs, of the Grand bark Sabrlsa. Francis, Aspiawall, Taapaa Ana<-executors of the will. After the payment of all just saloon In Bleecker-street, was arrested last eventog reach toat dty,:Edwardfor Ber benefit In stocks within the whose parents live at Na 323 East Thlrtietoetreet, 3. Wm. Ketby,C«r«Bors> laqBCBla. A SAD MISTAKE.Railroad line la this city, report toat the foUowtog- aamed steerage passengers were " booked" to GreatHtatgariMH: 7. Was-Tegle,8. Geo. McDermott.Brifs FsTwud. (Br.,) CeaUeei, Maiaemaa. B. B. >• yoI«;T. B. WiOson, Xanoaj, Aacaayia. iMMi *an infant three monthsof the Dnltod was fatally poisoned on Friday night, by hta grand- 4. John Daley,Quiolxt,old,2. Richard Madden,motoer tohimsomeUnlmentcontato- tog supposition.familyprofits. The last bequest Is subject to a reservation a bale of cotton which otoer laborers were holsttog Hon. Abbabah Lincoln, wbo is to speak this Steamer Pelican, Aldrieh, Providaaea. vi»of one thousand dollars, which shall be p 'aid Quarterly to an upper loft of toe buildtog, but glanctog from to the -widow of Mr. Hs^ar WnmiiT. On the death tost, fell heavily upon toe lower floor, and receivedbefore toeAssociation atIsaac Oden.eventogof either one of the children to whom tlie bequests such tojuries toat his deato resulted soon afterwards. InsUtote, Is a lawyer and distinguished poliliclao to Isaac OdelLare made directly, his or her share is to be distrlouledbisorherchildren. Bythenineteenthclauseof the will each one of the children of tbe deceasedis released from all debts which they may have Incur-red to their late father. The executors are empow- The sexton of toe Floattog Church for Seamen, at ly urged byeied to sell real estate belonging to the deceased situ- toe foot of Lalght-street, yesterday momtog, foond didate for toe Presidency. "They believe toat wlto teN. W. andcs.^aaamong. stedoutoftheCityofNew-York,andthatwithinthe toebodyofamanfloatingInthewaterbeneatothe himthatStatemaybecarriedevenagainstJudge BarkE.TH.SCnigbt,_Nneviras,with,City which Is unimproved, and to lease all buildings DouoLsa. He is a man of unimpeachable character, Ml do. cedar, 14 tens fustic, » knds. saIcaHrl,figaaahaa,^which he owns for a period not exceeding five years. gang-way leadtog from tbe wharf to toe church. An to A. LaneganThe dKCUIng-house, which falls to the relict of Mr. Inqoest was held by Coroner jAciiua, but toe body a good lawyer, and an excellent speaker. 86 do, do. to Thomas Owen a Boa-WiiiTNiT, Is not to be sold without her consent given was not Identified. The night-watohman at the 'Wixtwos.ib'b paper in Chicago asserts that Vs. wlBtroigmoBleapsosretse(t,o (Bo.f DB.o.Btrono.o1kmGstnonA, COoa.rdHeBaBsa V*u1. Hugh McCaffrey,to him abont 12 o'clock on certain eventog named, visited tweaty-three lager- galley, and carried away boat. Baa been Ida-B. Saturday nlgbt>«'the ferry, be feU off toe gang-plank. Deceased was Mount Temon. SnicB. Wmi Alax-could hide to some extent the deformity of their con-duct. Here these evil -disposed persons conid com- trial of CHAai.ss C. Coopsa, who, it will be remem- In bis pockets, besides money, was found the card of The tocident Illustrates how an election contest is weU fc Co.Twenty-eigbth-street,from the effects ofto toform toe Coroners, but, faiimg to do so,Leachlansbee, William B. Brooks, M. P. Jordan, J. W.Whittakor. Henry Snyder, C. F. Mayer, Jr., and Ward Police, at toe request of his friends, promised nomtoee, wito or wltoout toe vote of Louisiana, it Chris Ian Bergh. Baae day., iohn Fick, aHxKtTtbe water at toe foot of Pierany Nortoem StotecastingSouth shows a willingness to support him he willthe mate of tbe bark Aid andto toe First Prectoct Police Stotion, where restora-consequently. Is entitled to a part of the' property tives were administered. He did not recover from Hon. T. B.was rescued bywhich he left. No proceedtogs will be had under the a short timeMooKxr,ofnumber. He will have no lack ofdale, Demerara V dswithaonrto Haitiaad,,Theexperiencednean. For tbe past 3 ds. had heavycensured toe Police for DROWNED WHILE INTOXICATED.and toe announcement made at the FireTheCase ofIhe In- Harper's Ferrybut toat the organizationParty^to thisconvulsions, 9 scarlet 15 Beekman-strcet. This article is superior to toeRev. Dr..Callao.ft» on the 9tb she spoke tbe ship EocsUrtt,New-York. Below, bark ClisabeiBHemp-City Cocri.—Calendar for this day. Nos. 24, signedSANFaANCISCO,Feb.«.-ArT..on., SatordayjMpB»•!«•?• BrM^a.)oker, aa-;suice arethey perslsteir.ly. . Callao—Jan 11. arr. Am ships Gibraltor. '»*••?•?;and Mr. £uuL»i>bO> raisedstilkt, tthen Lis arm was -eiacd some Saxonift...VALPABAi60-.Isn. 1. arr. Am. shiM trfvantor.fear. He had notNorthern Robert LoaeIn..Aarto^oll Mar. 1... .New- York... ..iBlbr'tr,&c.For! let Iham write for God, for wtmsn was apprehended on toe comnlalat. and Jus ?u'orrporseea,sons entirely satisfactory to myself, I never Plerhens. Rnmaln. i'^'J- Al ^'f°^ ^anio versity-plsceandSto-av., m »enmyselftoccharge that 1and c:;.ild ; Gen. '•Toticn. A. Miss Corn, Mrs. .ASaturday night,rtrtet, by Augusta Turner,Wilson,he would come' home. In New- before the Com- t'liih, lor what enaobles men, for that which will QiKOXiJiBcsii trial The have, weapon any kind or f»n.il-j, J. Albert-fo"n ain'd family. "<"''- i:'' eWTacMi^cent., daring <nriDg th<> last six moDthsperiod Toasday^ »V, J- B- Croo«.wilile J.D., MiUlliikyen. Gr«or, Fai-r-s^hUd.w • Uh-oJulisOeV,t wWiltUbtilal 1A0U AAJtW"whilearbneexceededSu^idaycrimeeoperceat—maktnga g^Uieredlouidme(abbatbday18 la."vrZV FriJoO.ii"-wileandinfant Mrs.Haynesanauiaiu, ;/<'"v».'«£•.,B»^»j»r";<;'i•i"o"trainopoaryouth as citizens 'of whom our coontryanic magistrateIh it IifKumnln-y. John PotU.^M.^ S8rcbles'-fn«^r.j "r'-^^^i^ .J^J^J""I'nat they would wish to bint out la the utnre.robbedGallagher,Brooklyn, b.v a -roall per annum. Address A.wnatnumorlee and hallowed assoclatioas weraUntitled Dtsiloonlicefheld Cath&rtoo The snm of it Conlan, another dis- my person. is,'^';- i"fUj"L;• il~Suu. sinSd «ncesexchanged. Applysi;0« A8MAU.to answer a^^^ WrNTE0::PART-pF/:H2"n'S*E.Jaates1)1 Sou, of fW. while they wera togetoer mThompsoB-strsat.sleimshipVery respectfully,JOHN n. BRECKINRIDGE.aaocumentIs,to let to a single gentleman, inr;(sr heBark J. H. Bieks. for Galveston. Sunday—Brig Ua, for TrinidBd.By TetooaakiFeb. 34.—Arr. Pliarra. brigt-JUcgow avenue. 1 was Americain.stm'.ly by t"irra>8ian-.ria; 2d,Majfio»cr, 0rtg0D;6ti, ..Mew-yck Luoowlg. Puget'fi'P^*WrL.charge t^ivlng good-natured extensively crhild, W.BH. Diets, B. Reed and wife. "J^^j^j'^"jntonte. f 'S,%xi2dto to toeArrtred.;PoaeeaceraiNxw.VoXK.Feb. '« JJ. JJ"Hollovtat's Ointmenton the eyelids at night, will soon effect a cure ; kept to order by the Pills.pro-; Gibbs, from Providence for NorfolkAaaa. Barbingar, BalB-Afrioo.—Callao Jan. S«, Am. ships J.ihn SIOp'T, Jallet, '>csfral»s>ap— —.H»w 7or»Maine,;Ki»- ... ^ /..iMh*-norders, we under- Co.a Co./Isbaaia, Bcbeoek. Barannaa, B.-I1.:5.MarttoDonnera,«. Ellen Sheeban,The first toree of toe above ware "booked" at Liv- 'Wllmlnnton, M. C, J. Smito A Co.erpool, and toe latter at Cork.Tbe Purser of toe Tigo, which arrived at this portRepublicanCooperSteamer Osprey, Kenney, Prorldalilinois, where be Is exceedtogly popular. He won his principal disttoctlon to toe canvass against Mr. D0CSU8 in toat Bute a He will be warm-Ship kxeelslor. Swift, Uverpool H ds allb andlirpasaengeratoSamuelTbMnpaoa'sKeg^tmTJmm experlenoed heavy westerly gaiesoa ibe paasaaa-12. Pat. McGiverin.Charleston, J. Smith A Co.;L. P. Bmlth.ObO"^?considers toe action of toat Stote oftance. The friends of Mr. Docslas to otoer sectionswill probably not toke toe same view of toe matter. with fog, Dec. 20.shlpi>ed a sea, which dona shim twice ai much as toatan Nortoem votestbe nomination if not. not. ;member ofDrew, CongressCo. weather on toe Experienced heavymark. nTh. Graham fc Co:betbe Free Stetes, and that Democrats of toe Slare- heavy N. E. to K. W. gales most of toe paaaace.on toe negro question must "fought on toe soil ofWUabKMa,rested Saturday night, while attempttog to pass coun- tbe Judge favor bis pardon. As aoy misconception Schr. W. L. Day ton, Babcock, Washington. M.O.,T terfeit $5 bills on toe Citizens' Bank of Worcester, may be unfortunate, I hope you willkinalyperimtme ds.. wito naval stores to mastor.Saturday nightto toe Third Precinct, on achargeThey certainlyany-ofobtatoing moneysunset, calm.,could not autoonze me to inferunder false pretences. He is thing but what was expressed, and to that toere was WIND—During toe day, N. W.of Stsvxsb. What-from Clenfuegos success. Retlaf is immediate and eerb^B. 8c. Thomas, all for Boston.toe I'luted Stotes for children teething, with aever- Ccrwin,;and bi Ig Jean Baiitlatei>ortoaiidWestWayP.M.every ilonday and Thursday, at 8 A. M. Letters de Moonlight, from Bong Koog4The Overland Vail for Califorala leaves St. LeolsFulton.Mar.31.. -New-York .Havre. raou iuan?a,..New-York ..Portland. ..Now- York ..Portland, ..Naw-k'STkFarelga Parta.SteamsliipBaltic FromCalifornia from AsjRntoaff-OF THE oOAKDA MEETING HBJ^ni,d child. Ccl. JobhnV'CC.VLlaanneV'CO aCCMoBnonofr,.. ....Mar. 3 .New-York .Havriwinds. The Kepler U owned in Cotaasset,..Boston.New York.. .New-Yora.. ..1 iT.^^rTiooi .»ew-Vn k.. ..Liverpool. .New-York.. ,.Brem:;n,— — LiverpoolSsn Francisco2ist. John Bryant,Caldera..Hatsnzas. War. 6. ...New-York.. ..Asptoviall.'^,-?r---m,^vrvg: -',A^r.'=?'i;;;'_ BWB WAIla—TMiB 6AT. BaBdyBaakJlU|OeT.Maad.M0»IHamata....EutNeorrpteO,D Atey. San FrabaetVsao^o, Baltaa* OB. ;Buss.Schooners Pilot's Bnde, Coker, 8t Plerr*. 8. W. Law-Is k Co.anna, _Tbsteher, Moblte. Layton Haribnt:Srause, ITasbington. 8 L. Mttchill fc 800 rja: Dsrby. WOBlngton, N. C. D. C. Marrari ';(4 bhdt. melado to BImraea fc Majr^sw.and 23 .veers of age.nila 17 OB.. Wlto coffee to B. Pavanstedt fc Oo. aavesselsineitherport. Nodate,Lnsanne. of ana from B (All by pilot boat Exra Nye, No. 2.)ErlgI>mael,(Fr..)Ft for Baltimore. Sbls N. B. Palmer, fbr Hsagf r Savannah;;,Book, passed orto'4—{By telegraph.)Palermo, ann habella, from Montevideo, "•?**T!jiar;wan. 13»ds. froai New- York. Btaainlng in toei«» «vaoa:.fame!. Cfiorton.geraid. Baltimore. SM.. Jan. 1,:-=!=«i:-^ -€>C.BATUBDAT. FA. «. Cleaj iia..PoCtnrjmlaeot, WCraotcskoedr, BBaalvtainmoaraeh, B. B ...„ Bound(Georga :I «•t1eaaHbifOa..,tols leaky, ta toW portAm. wbalesblp James Loper.1ib :Wellmightit beJFeb,21, 16««,£.Y.Naylor,www.fultonhistory.com 