 2-^g 1^ g*atk 8ec«<to t Tlewa mtVbf-tmteTUgbc yeto-gork gfawea, gfntrgbflg^ y<n)cmber l, i960.r1I, H wtth southsern Presses, faithful to theSouth? TaketheiCltarlea-honorable dUxen oooU or sukgestThe words to the which are claimed to protest,1,000 do W l,00»M.8.aimtg.Bs.«O106 Hadsan River S... 6»^do." ".*...THE (UPESnOlliroined a mora resolate and deteiIbmuoMlaad Okrealu^Ttoonlyi. Besolvtd,ThatmeetingsbaheldineachmagMarial wherekeewhUelaborIsihUi was hiswords of tbethe dttUea the ImpWet by himorblaageai^sel._^.,ofVOBTHIBV AHD BOCTBBOI JOmaAUaH. Th« Clwrleston Mercury bitterly laments the 'apmthf of the South for landing no encoaragement to newipapar enterpilM. It draws In thli mStter, as It in otbera, a itrcog contraat between the eBriir:and aottntr dtajOayed at the North and theTBXAIOirAaLBsigned dtsHsifiWy and spe-mlfhtdiawJusbeencirculatingin the Sixth District isthe trial that the examinationofthegoodsfromtluseveralpacl^agesnt,J"»w UltwUinol^^taiq%>?u i'VJtn"manly indepenOigice, ami of Ida OdnUte to Us natlT^but the words to tbe connec-5nldency, limiting tfaair eholoe wtth the** al^tezecfnte"aby who, uponused or suflctent employed sufficient means or madedo ueiox do^ovn candidates for the"lBtstal^tSatSinODssoaftSheirETsKLZTwU^for thlrtT-hre years, ha»^ beenPresidencycover the objection, are thatthe appraisers had not«iir»»whlolseoadlng States. If the South can elect a President atBncfusjia is Initiated in that movement, and he Is tomake over to Mr. Baaoximinex ttie public archives,treasury, buildings, amy and navy, in the event of thesuoeess of the secession moTament; for the Secaden Immediate eye suScleney protest Is concerned from tbe1,0001,000 do4,00OH.B.S.P. Eds.. » M»^d«.^:.....J««L 6,000 LaC.iiM.L.O.Bs. 19 M* 4,000L.B.*ir,aijn.B.4li. Mkbut we hare un Press, and that may be all potent for our de- fence. It can inform and counsel our people, arouse resistance to our fierce enemies, and bring to theSouth deliverance and liberty.Our readers, we trust, will pardon the disagreeabletruths contained in this article, but we live in times, when Ignorance and error may be ruin, and truth sal- ration."up.vocates of Southern independence, prosperity and wealth, have not only had no support worth speakingthey have not unfre-tionalists have often ridiculed tbe efforis of theindustrials of the South to make her really la-and one against Jacob Oickerson for an endeavor to make a revolt orto.for'Sopport, at Washington or in the North;Ovvsley, may they not be In Clark ? May they not be;-toat declamation and assertion on toe part of counsel on the other side, he should concludeA SSCKSSIOMST SPKAK3. lathecourseofanaddressdelivered at Anderson,saving the South by cheap resolutions imd windy drifting about for two days headed for the Westem O'Conor opened toe argument on toe part of the de- 8,000 lUssonrt St. 6s.. 77 "0 do(S. C) on the 16th, Gen. 8. HcGowah, of Abbeville, remarlced:"That African Slavery is a peculiar Institution. The world does not understand it—tlielr sentiment is agalnkt it, and it cannot live In any Government which Is inimii-jil to It. Slavery must be governed by slave- holoera, or at least by a Government In which slave- holdersnaveaprotectivevoice. Hetookforgrantedpens;the sea, 'They weretovectlve,..that weId the Bunker Hill Monument ?South," by votingmaking her backreally keeping development,overboard and the other was kept to satisfy the hun-could toe acts of to any partiespreviouscase be used83H^<ute resolved to maintain the institution at any hazards.He said North.""he would give up his interest to thethe Southandger which was consuming themandlb,; SxwAsn was egreglously mistaken, when he;they against ^uchuponto tills;andyetW^dadare8PIICBIS BT OBS A1H> ASHVOKI. OOLOIflLStbeythey the Americanlengtothefollowing potots:OF MSOHMHI.and Uie surrouadlof stry, and nerer hare we sean tw^fat Ifc^saaetingbeonleredJBseethls dntyaza-$l,inM and interest, Thef^ new trlaLNsLson, C. i>7-Tlie_ mdred for a auner, wMi W daya to defendant to wUeb to aaMVB-CcBMrvBtlTM—TnaMsakle 8eeret-.being a Nocttaem'iiant press liSff^lS^ortf The *•»« rutoedr-the. HandK^ZtS^t^nmi a Mrrow lubsl^tenee—the tttrdlnialed,£ygiS^!t in ttee-the/bwtt died a ruined n*n. not merely on account of his IntcIUgenoe, but of hisevmroccasfon, urged hisparamount cUums" to theexamination of said braulies" to determine thefr value.IS tOIllin^sCeB. R. 8.is our humble selrea, of whom wa will saytbe North has brought to tSi _^ mON. abOtty, eloquence oc w, than lb* Ckanaaton Mrntrir (we speak not ofstiil hope to csrry all the Steve States next November. Should tliey not be able to do that,tlien they will either have tf wait a lltUe, or change the programme altogether."tlBI-IATIBS SEXOVKCm.'Tiie New-Orleans (7aiR>iierc>ai of the SMh, Bulletin,;supporters, and otliers of whom are his covert uphold-40nnlonBaak VUHtm JOBankofOnwcres.mlf H iMlteeb.Ba£BiicAs-N( Oi^;i^m^paoer,atSouth.November thatdr... objection. They aiObeBaBMk-..i^..M„ m.\ d».>.PM>^taiL^tohajreamassedadoEeafortunes. Yet imniedlateWbeaswiiiMmmostandone that can ariseunder tbe Revenue. IBPena.OoaKSn:... do ATMHow I of dollars doe tolt have been. IT How many tens of >ow due to it—avdehiellT by -the>^«»et tte tfantaia—the slaTehieiaera or the 8o0(k'-«hosejaoperty and institutions—wtuiae liber-* •' andtalksplainly ofsays:friends In thepresent.A TIRFTABLI LRTKB.the enure process oftom-house to Instance of everya»H ua«Jei'.fcFWa.R.... nrTtMrTJT "''^iP'T**"*machinery emmentin'complete worUngOide^ to ihvpare for our:EoRoa Mabioh Comiiohwsalth-MyOear Sir:answerto letteroftheMhbuC,I hareto yourTheprotest seams to biive been made witoout100 do.xw d». ....-.; 100 do260 do60 do 600 do a« do 160 dou do... 100 do,.bU83it Witarils Ilorthem oomnporarles ?by tbe tth of March, wheh .Hr.LmcatJttakaa'bis.eeMiatbar Pntideatial chair, the South will have the whole of the Got-de.....;- MgtontoftoDBtieaaatfliTetirhasbbeied to protect!and paWcy were (brsala to-morrow, In Wall-street, InMesr^ToK, it ooold with ease realise a handled thon-saiti,dailats. We know what we say. £i,woob Fuhss Is In possession of Hon. GaKXM AnAxs, and sti'i an- sniik i fbrtnne of forty thousand dollars in the con-testaf 1690-68, by his press in Washington, In the per-Uoas eMarnrise of oefendlng the rights and Institu-tloas of the Soutti. Are the defendera of the South by ments, secretly distributed in these counties aoiong thenabUc Press, in the greater contest of 18$0, to beELireonFxsHxas ? Let the slareholders of the Southimitate, at least, the enlightened selfishness of thepeopi* of the. North, and support, with a becomingeneny, those Pi esses which are faithful to their in-teroisand insUtotlons. The public Press is said tobe the Anirti ettate In England. In this country It isthe ssM estate. Sings, Lords and Commons, we hare document in AnAus'noa*;.fbr no man In the South recognizes In Con- could not read It at all. Think of this, Union men of SMm. or la the Execnltre Administration at Wash- all parties. Is there not enough in all this to carrv ington, soon' to pass into the hands of our enemies, alarm to every one ? Where do not these treasonable any (ower for good to the South. Our cause Is naked organizations exist? If they are in Breathitt andappeal'declared that we would soon give it peace- upAnd what," saidhiswillyoudomoralIliese sectional peopleThe to tills case whetoer or not only question was,toe act before toe Court was unconstitutional.la^^ably. ^Let the fanatlca of the world rave and rant asinterrogator," We urill make a new one," was the reply.have been Inthe National and State Governments for many years,lliiiimi. we have settled tM> question for ourselves.in the face of the world, that this institu-ttovla our concern, and so help us God we mean toandMr. O'Conor toenproceededto elaborate at muchThe Stock Ezcfaange has been unusually fe-Ifitoprtnciplesand the Southern stand forth as one of Confederacywhether the Union men of tMe South have not alwaysbeen the and advocates of the persistent Indefatigabledevelopment of her resources, of internal improve-Wethtokof the Act In toe case above referred to has led to this60 esx SO 83Jt 3oeaSO 400 83maintain It!! Taking this for granted. It fallows that Tuesday of last week Colonels Oax aiid AsHXobb ad-now relfre, and let us have a cliange of policy. The the names of the captain nor crew. The steamer was I. The assertion of such fee to the complaint is put quent, and in some tostances on the Share list asthis iciio Government for slaveholders, when the ad-miiriitmtlon of that irtiich should be a Common Gov-emman itas passed permanently into the Itands of thatdressed the citizens of the district in the Court House. Col. Osa had no hope of the defeat of Liaoout, but would counsel no hasty action on the part of the State.sectional doctors have dosed thefr patientvand k«>t him in such constant irritation that they ha/fe nearly killed him. Let them be dismissed. Let the patient have a Uttle rest and some healthy nourishment, and he will soon l>e on his feet again, hale and rigorous."Political Miscellany. A 80UTHXBN TIEW.A correspondent writes asprobably one outward bound, as no iutelllgenee of such a collision has been received on this side of the Atlantic.-iiostm Journal, Oct. 30.to issue by toe answer, and toe evidence before the much as 2®2i VCourt shows tliat toe fee is to toe Corporation ol New-cent. Whenthe BoardmettUegeogtnUcal section, which Is animated by an Infer- South Carolina should not withdraw alone. He dif-York. forenoon, some forced sales of Virginia State Stoek.nal hatoed of the institution.It haafaeensald that the election of Mr.LtncouiwIU becoaaCatHtteao/, and therefore.there is no cause ot alarm.fered from others In tbe opinion that our Legtslature should call for a Convention of the people as soon aswas ascertained that IiIHOOLs was elected. He thought it would be wiser and more prudent that Com- mlssToners should be appointed to go to and consult with the other Southern States, and ascertain the course tbey intended to pursue imder the circum-—Mrs. Douglas is accompanying her husband on simpleIs to toe toe Corporation byMontgomerie vious transactions, and 8 Iff cent, below tiie cor-He said it would not be constitutioital in any jQSt sense, it is true that the outrage would t>eitpresentpoliticalHe 4imlf^ it.pernetrated under the forms of the Constitutionrespectful pickpocketrelieved her of a valuablegold2. As to new streets, toe /re is vested to the Corpor- ation by the street acts, or private cession, or by toeagitotion beganwm nat be the first time in the history of the worldwhen oppression, in order to accomplish its purpose,houn, Georgia, to" ®85^Vwito a trust toat the same be appropriated and keptopen for a afreet forever, as public streets in said Cityare and of right ought to be." For toe purposes of with this motion it is wholly unnecessary to thisPreMdent constitutionally now, they may do it four yeaM brace, and eight years hence, and so on for allbills;wereat theBoard, but inpasasd under the exclnslTe control of a geographical &ii.f<,-«i party and the South be literally disfran- chised in tneir own Govemaient. Can this perver- sion 6f the Constitution be justly claimed as constitu- tioSu. It would be preserving the form after thethis however, each State must in heror deduced from it.;Cal- under dateLittle Sqi: after Sovereign at Memphis, were a num- operation of tx>to these sources of title.butwatch. In the audience which assembled to hear the " "^ cent. The other Southern Statefthas put en constitutional forms. If they can elect a stances, so that there might be a concert of action.3. Boto as to toe old streets and toe new, It will be another a number of $100 contended toat toe title to toe Corporation is chargedUme ID come. In this wav the Government will have does not afford much encouragement to repeat It. Atto anything;that can be dispute legitimatelyticable.spirit had fled. It would be the grossest tyranny un- Col. AsHHOBi also thought Ltaoouf would be elected,—in outstanding contracts here weakened the t<meder lb* lifeless form of freedom. He declared that in andt;ounseled that the State should put herself Into a that case, we would be taxed and governed, and of resistance, and that when the time comesfrom the stump, and proclaimed at the htistings, by such men as Howili, Cobb, Senators Toohbs andof themtosupposed be interestedgoaded tryshe should resist to the death.8ION8 or TBI mcig.IviBSOH,Oaa,prominentof the marketa public and not a private trust. The cestui que trust buoyancy of yesterday afternoon waa quite re-a Government, In which we would. positionCoL the South.and all of theleaders of—"The trust tous vested in the is Corporation'to us than the distinguished indiridual ntaaimuoi (at Richmond)do ~U" <to..do...do....ad by theof the ~Si Doaau*9k ThMt a.Coaiinlttee of An ti anoMad by the2L5^25r2l?^Iiii2?lr*^*S»'" favor ofWa-a-m ta this caseai^ndgment for detaduL oa payment of costs..1_.E' . '.»W.V^thefaithfulwhich the Worcester Onion brings to light and de- nounces. The title of one of these documents whichKilhln a week, for tba of purposeWaUere-Wiit payment of Ladue n. Ladme—Diroiee (ranted.Secret drcularsamongdistrict,organWagMB. DotroLAa An> The Democraticttielmowiok ooasBnnw. cUcally gtoi~ads ori"f^b.jotfiw DmAppliealton oTdUoharged." The South alone should govern the South—AfricanliUlliliiimi inidftatwl af the Sonth, aod eoaplalns Slavery should he controlled only iy those vho are everywhere that tiie Breeklnridga leaders have atLacompton Constitution. They claim that Mr. Doooiaa has falsified much that" that theand faithfully examined by the appraisers." In thatwUohaMMteKWInacountrywherethepopuUHon publicanPartytoachievetheextinctionofSlavery,Itsays;" Is it the pdlcy of tbe Sooth to watt for Uiat eventthat itsSuIireilfe—to divide the South from the North, and tba people of the South among themseires—for we willfamily,!!%KdisMaAlBtolocdiofthe soiiandaerfttiMawMJla dasa which glres tbe most valuable siq>-article.p(ntt»N6rtknn joumals. to lire wooU be iBBsasIble for one of our newspapersyond the influence of their policy or the operation of 'ceedlngs or sentiments."TBI PLAN.Adbpatch frvm Wasmagton to tlie PiiiladelphlaPress" saystion that aU, or of those connected with thisBut we let Vsraaqr gi»e utterance to Its own over-truthlul i»-!"The document answers this Uiusat tto pnoeitwWeh It ta published. maika upon a subjeot so suggesUre^^question:conneotlaTwlth arhoily gratui- There were schemes In conneeUon with thetion Is that the examination was defectire in not ex- amlntog samples from the statute number of psckages, and also that nsltoer nor were atISO .60 1(0;foritu.thu,The majority of the Judges were of the opin- ion that the protest was suiBelenuy specific to cover the otnectiott.In the present ease Oie question of appraisal arisesto regard to an of and the objec- importattoa liquors,then no man could' be moteall, acceptablePreddoieT,were taistructed In thefrsome of whom are to this day his the may of tbe dlsttogulshAs soon as it iaaaeertained ina Black EepobUcan Pr«sia«nt;ji elected, » convention or the secedin88Mas,aa<taC«aokathat4rthe South-ers, anless they have tetely discovered that his sun has puaed the aenlth, and with their aecustomed pru- deaoa have torgad their feces in another dfreoflon.We Mr. Dooslas never Drayto,Collectfir of toe real of the groundare found among a mass of objections eorerlag al-t .-There hava ben oralns and labor 'etn States as desire to cast lots withmay Us, shouldto us in placel. ."adth purpoaaa openlyde- lb<ienthe patronage conferred upon' ^clared, otjorming a .Constitufites and. organizing- aover someextending sheets of foolscap.63 do 81\ doalOT^Ooiyemment,n K.T.DeaHalR... SM<too OaL k Chic. S.. r—«Revolution ' wooid be complete In its full dimensionsto call off attentien tromjneaauras of industrial which.would makh herderel-In referencetodefence,anyother • • * The emergency.opment really Ibdependent?any speeUlo Objection, but with a view to hit any toat mi^th^pen In the course of levying tiie duties.83 100 OfbfBU 100b»a\36*the Independent nations of the earth." Another d ocument c f like character, partlytoedepartore from a strict constructionb30 83H« other was discovered at Proctor. Owsley County.The Union remarks on this" We take just now this positionplace nablethe South and upon high, IndependentCongress to Interpose andcorrecttoeabuse. Thetrialtothiscasewasem-sseaa .Mi60 Cler 776Breckinridge men,and able and to maintain willingthe notice ofthe one in the possession of Gassii Asaiis, and theconsideringthem,one nke it at Proctor—that there is In Kentucky a regularly organized con-theyhave they had from the great body of Southern sec-tionalists in Uiis great w-ork ?What have the latter been about all the while ?proper do..Wt 18 SO do snvk.6017H do11% SO do..17H SO dotxH3se ds mCity.Northern sat Northern chairs, clothes.have uponby93 360 da69 MO doSM( U0M.S.kN.I.G.Sc.... aasubjectas foiiows:ground. Theyinstrumentalities that never fall to make a26ErieRailroad... barrassed on account of the loss of toe papers In the do.^bUthan U dIspUy-''n. OmM «Ooelet, on demurer, wtth leave to piaintifftoamS"Without such a class It to take place, or to anticipate it by putting herself be- gDot believe they can be induced to sanction such pro- ..6,0008,0001,000 CaL State 7s*,their laws" The measurespropoted aie secession and thefor-JHf .-eKw. do ;.....«fourselves. * * think that thaaecedingStatea ahouBl nomlnata theirdo MfZmation of a new QovemmentWe and Tice-Presi-The plan of the Seceders is to make BaaoniraiDaiPresident at all haxards—t. if not of the whole e.,United States, at least of a Southern Mr. Republic.which uphold, and whloh were ptenned and men all andWU mi:that those docu-Custom-house, and It Is doubtful If the do. exceedinglyfruto of toe transaction appeared on the trial, for the do..babv>\ so* aoM30Hand discovered an accident, by..S30the one we and have,sfrongrich,( Oioasx D. JoBiraov, Esq., Marion, Ala. IX-OOYKBNOB WISl'S BISOLDTIOlrg.. do.. We shall grant a new trial writo a view to enable do..30- 100 ...SlO Sff, 100 30JS 700 31 MOall these convince us thingsTheare the resolutions offeredEx-but It must be on terms of ofpayment doChie. it B. I. R. bl0 31 695 do.of treason to the Government. Of disruptt '920 Harlem Railroad..spiracycourse, we do not pretend to luiow all ttiat is in theWhy, trading in politics, abusing the North, repub- clamation :" lishing Abolition insults and slang, saving the SouthRoosevelt.defendant, Judge 660 100 200do do dobe»„.. h3tit at MXpossession.He and Hamptox—A Gloucester cor-INDICTMIKT8.Who Is safe ?true to his country ? These are just now grave and serious questions. We hope our Union cotempora- ries will spare no time to spread the news ot these discoveries far and wide, and let the friends of theUnion luiow In time of the treason that Is onrmidstandallaroundus. Notamomentcanbe lost. There are men in Kentucky now plotting to subvert the Government. It Is no longer In far off SouthCarolina. Itishereatourhomes."Copies of these pamphlets have been received inthisWHAT GOT. PITTUS WILL DO.The Breckinridge States Rights men of Mississippi had a large meeting at Columbus last week, and Gov.month with a full fare. outside Wlienjustaineverycountv in the State ?WhoisofC%pe was runand James on board thea tenor Msspeech. The of remarks ledwater and oars. In this pro- condition tliey float-In the first place, he would observe (clttog toe case)sS"with the Soulb's interest in the Fourth of July f"and Influence. power politicalWe Greenville Patriot that on learn from the (S. C.)the condition of the country prove. Let them klndlyktreatedSouth Carolina has tried the experiment of sending a Commisnoner to a sister Southern Stale when her soil was invaded, and tlie result of that experiment:cure in some way asmuch concert of action as prac-there is no possibility ofprivate person. The whole fee Is divested from the market somealthoughdecide upon ber own course of ac-any consequencecrisis,sovereign capacitytion, yet It will be doubtless thought advisable to se-SupbemkCoubt—CiRODiT—Part II.1606. I7S8, 1760, 1762, 1764, 1766, 1768, 1780, 1782, 1784,positton,Second Thefee tons vested In the City Corpora-cent. The Vfrginia sales in"were about to of this horrid partaker WMMk, Chafrlo eoMuet correspoadanol^itt-lhM ont 9mtt•wkanto whether orMt«Hie ^•atmaatolBna. tbe raMasaDodgias withininndays— ohambus.SSOXn CnOVLABS.hava been OMilbailedfollowers of Mr. Baaesnnisaa In Kentucky, accotdlng to the first resolution._,a aaotioBt 'hatchingwind fresh from blowingCose. The People et al. vs. John Kerr el al.—Kr.cipher.dress I have made.Misrepreeoitatlons of me have been persisted in soI unjustly,aftercorrectionsmade,that naveceasedtonotice them, but I thank you for the friendly Interestand todeftoitegeneral stotementof the objections, andinArgnment In the SeTenth-aTeBne16 Brie R. Ass. Stock.' 60 Hud. Riv. R8t«lea;Aad:^ Committee of ftta.tai eialso upolnltd to raise funds Ibdalray aoy ei, prinuni^na distribution ani^aomspondMoe..t,b..soranaioovbt J^Bmnen. lUrUevoter in TIrgiala and the whole LetthepreambleandreaoluUxHisbennbllahedand theformationofthefamotissent broadcast oiertba let ttSe country—proclaimedas the required byact,gtmdswere notfairlgezBlliKjkto'lir Ike absence of that great nudiU elau ton.S.C. After ctalmlnf that it is the aim of the Re- ciple of well-roegrulated Oovemmanednt—of tndlTlaital or question of veracity between the late Oen. Cooasaa Btnt wasfomrasdoem,ehtaidmebteoetnhderawn frwomoutlhdencoatsakfsforadnda SM,O0i«T»eOhnln».8tSat»oet6osU,'.»'ttUlm«t Jpublic right— law, order, social peace and and Mr.exposed afr,andtriie criterion which to of the value of the by judgeMIM deS iS IL,.Ht SS;arrayranoanotlier. They conclude as followsItrswnSlM TTK ISmS MOM. & AN. L 0. S..:packages samples ail examined by the ^ipraisers.M.S.Fd. Gov't B. n1,060 Hh:h.So.lstM.B.86)i 100Ma.4Mlss.Btendencyis totbe tend In civildothe Seceeslanlsts. It "Whatharathe SecessionistsdonefortheSouth?Can tell? What luive done for her ex- anybody theycept to foment agitation, to make poUtlcs a trade, andobliged go carrying goods thninigh the Cus-'We to fevery honest, Intolilgant man to saysay that I have not been making stump speeches hi Ken- tucky,anddonotIniendtodoao. MyspeechatAsh- land, on the 3th September, Is' the only political ad-ments, of ail those measures whose tondeney,to impreg- have advocated, with exnaus- tive toil and unflagging perseverance, those economicandtheir own liberties, and to repel all attacks, come from what quartersoever may. What supportwant of toe proper preparation of the defencethe Government to furnish toe evidence if in do.by passing frothy, truculent and cheap resolutions threatening secession and disunion, and at the sameAwpuL Calamity at Sia.The GrandHorace Morton, for an assault wito a dangerous weapon, to wit, a sheato-knife, on board toe brig96 Harlem R. Prerd.400 dotime millions sendingof dollars totheReading660 do an 6oe do SI0 43)( 100 do .6 41!< 300 do 43Hrich and buUd andThis is whathonest man knows it. The ad- catchers which left the Bay of St. Lawrence last George F. Williamsdo. do. doit doing, everythey have beenof from the seclionailsts,quentlyt2JI00n.8.SsT4 102X10*PacUaIISt.Co -butencountered their opposition. The sec-staving damage steamer sustained is not iuiovm, as she passed on withoutofferinganyassistancetotheschooner. Thesiooaa Boaas.both in have had abundant time, therefore, to showwhattheycando. ThattheyhavetotallyfailedletandsenthomebyFirst-The SUte is not vested with toe fee of any verish through the day. The fluctuations are fre- street now to question.of Oct. 14mean what they say;;S'.oek> sympalky preriosia sales, Missouris closing 76}, andTennessees 87^the Louisvilleber ofother $1,000One gentlemen lost (1,300; an-Democrat," If men in high station, and leaders of their party,If the pledges of States amount if the purchases of arms, and active military demonstrations—if all this is not an empty show, and 1 liave no idea that It Is, we are going to see hotter times w Ithln six months than we have eversteady Virginiasearly;fell off 1 cent, from 1® ^:GreelyvsBurgess(ISHow.,410,)to this mattar. In thefr drcnlar, to the'effoct that he wascountry cognisant ofbad not made fie appratsers proper'AFrAIRS.that aran a joonial candncted with such marked abil- fHtiMytoif— least derdoped their plan of proceedings—and that was said in the oortespondenoe laid before tbe eona- ease the aitiele Imported was sugars from Cuba, W:MONETARY ItfteWnrtrtttrf finds few supporleis. We might And it Is published by Etabi Ii Coaoswaix, sf Charles- plan Is a revolutionary one—subveraiveof every prin- try, and assert that the issue tevoivad at present is a and the samples upon wlileh tiie appralse- •»;Ooeu.8.is.mi,.ijmtliMifli5h.ce«.E;North to en-Jury brouglitto todictments, oneagainst.istoat It be necessanr for maypeoplewhich prompted your letter.very tnily,dependent of the North. The former have been imposslbletoreach the Nova Scotia shore and, afterspeeches ever since we can remember. Their resolu- tions have l>een written upon Northern paper, withproceeded water-loggedtwenty-fourfendantstotillscase. He»,000 do 7tH 100 Harlem R. Pref 11.000 Erie Id Mort. B. 9»li lieBea^ncBNorthern Ink andthe resolutionlsts have wornandunmanageable.toe mere6,000 lU. Cen. R. Bs. 6.000 doand, In a word, have been giving the North the very kindSOO If. S. ad M. Bds.2,000 do.tgHMt .siosrwof aid and comfortwhich it mostwhile ful-toeyTheyresolvesexcited contempt. The people are now asked to In-minating wordydesfres,it which tiave10 100Bank of Ameriea..ll23t dopowerfollows from81^cent., fromprofessionals.another $300and still another a roll of chewing tobacco.LAW REPORTS.Court Calendmr—TauasBAT. —^Nos.Disunion and secession Is the cry. We will not 1788,11790, 1792, 1794, 1796, 1800, 1802, 1804, 1808. submit to LurooLH under anycfrcumstances, is spokenand in effect, have no voice. It wouldgr6aaHncoatlhleyr exemplification of tbe old principle of' taxation without representation,' In oppositionto iftlch our forefathers incurred all the dread haz-ards of the revolution, and waged- a bloody war for " A highly-respectable merchant of our city, just re discounting any paper until after the election. Ne- Robert Latta vs. The Cargo of the Bark private property. The use of toe street is a common of the Brokers, New-York Central sold at 84He was ready to incur every responsibility rather thanare drilling, and a Southern Canvea- activelythis jus, isthatsameconcernwhichtoeStateli.st of the SecondBeard,^cent.tive Assembly, even although she was represented inpel the illusion existing at the Southoath that Lincolw shall not be Inaugurated in peace. 'Ttitse people ail give' up the election to Li.vculn,with every requisite necessary for such trading joy-—tions in to the close, and Panama and Pa- prices,brlass to our ears' intelllgence of the onnard march in<^Wiib-Awaksism sad freie negroismrespect to their ownIn their ownupor The reallearn, If possible, if any private party had obtatoed the fee, and If so, how he came tato possession. The street\( as now closed, &iiu Somebody w&s to p6ssession.No one could Inform his Honor, al- satisfactorilytershapes,thoughtage of all parties that an immediate,The South must moranone knoWtt better than those who counsel It !MrlkeStrikeOod, and your native land !"!!loryour!States and their citizens are to be submission. And such aggression as thislately Gianttocomeandattempttostaytherisingtide,up by occupypassengers though from a case within his knowledge, Mr.O'Conor ventured toe suggestion that the Corporation events, an eariyown To* Oorenun's ngWwiaspeech was,spects at suchT""" ftlearalng dagger, Sin,whom he[INotice to I.aw Stndents.dMHst xa«oeat,th] • r M, oset. as tke!month,the claim setthe Directors deemit to theabominable stuff subject for a lu- natloteylnm. We pity him—from our Inmost soul,; istered for his benefitisto by Mr. Noyes.4 \we pity Mm "A correspondent of the Rlctunond Whig writesvoy- age could not be performed, and thus the reservationwould defeat the contract.But If there has beenThe Japanese Bill. JODGMZNT AT SPECIAL TERM.receivership propertyDIBUSION DKKOUKCKD.sion is to us—vital If we submit to itNoriolk, ( Va.,) under date of the 27thfor the conflict, which we cannot reprsss but may repel. InW*J!IIH'l"*.ffotway Bell and Everett men, but they took trict act.a.-- the objection that the clear words of the charter"IK?^'^^'^*" "" °' ^'^f<The Atlanta (Ga.) Toombs and his recentyesterday, in resolutions at the ^||«PMS Ann mass-meeUng. There were aboutdisregardat which time It was noticed in the Tinas. The facte need no more repetition.ragajBto *x-G<»». Wrap'sspeechandToflow-its clear and imdoubted and that is to insti- meaidngBonney,The argument was on a demurrer to the complaint.Ae] "?»thooJoBeofiacwie* ilmaaid, ejortid.a«w>l«suiiijy. Upon welkl>k1k»«w*drmore seaaWve,sthataehaaks hare been some tostog' ''t,andfor theraflMTifmora attra than Us raatiutions. Both have struck modCTate men, of all parties, with astonishment. Tliey are decidedly rerolntfonary fai tone and tenden-Umes as the they may appoint,—OENKBAL TERM. ' Students, totending to be admitted at thai K*. vember Term of this Court, must file toeir f^Mi-cy.Mr. DoosLAS should not be permitted tb speak in At-*e "P°*J.'".?""Jf*"'',.*°-^''y- and he will certainly the vessel was not to be exclusively In the charterersf tions for examination on Monday and WednesdayIJFor appellant, Messrs. Benedict, Burr * Benedictfor Messrs. Beebe, Dean A Donahue. appellees,at. vs. Greene C. Branson.— and was an action to recover back an amount of dutiesthe Toledowill be paid at the Company's office,-!Submission is death and vH.*.x „^'altars and yotir firestat the green grares of your siresmlht.te?d'tfo'="y4. That the Slavetherefore, in the case, is whetherthe charterers to put thecabinwaswellfounded. Ifilhalf of whom were ladles:nopertMittmettding:Theregohitionsarepouished In,a».4iy«(f-ofyaatardayandwatoareyouandyour readacyte .nwk*: ttair own eomnwnta and form thefruresmay Theynf^^^JK'°f"^at.(fbut Senator. ofthepartiesto into weareuna- onthedemurrer,withleavetotheplaintiffto amend truly patriotic entering It,Ztr^^.^^^^°']SS-i!S2 n^*'' «"»* sensation and amid mnch ~S1imTMexecute the orders of the district" and The demand for money on sliort tbneen «l^He„fe„edj„uj^ -awl POaraHbl mann«theo Twl?^'** proved with thepropermeans. that be cannotpreventILMr. Docolas wUl also re- necessarily so In my judgment, regarding the natore—SDPRZMI COiniT BTEOIAL TIBK.lnsubv«arid.n of law and aounaadi^as oaaofthe boldest and mostfrom the Little Giant so that It him "will be s^afe for¥011HAHOIKQIKTHAB.The semi-annual Interest due theThird Mortgageand Convertiblekauw l«6«n«l to thei^proachlng election,^elected President of the United Siatiiih. m,«ralThe Canton (111.)Register states that Dr. ShixIvesthe expnraedsbse—en on the of the owner. confract partiu1S«l^ii^ffi'?f'"^°" """""". w"h leave ofas il taght, vnsald,.>rssiltt sixty days after itw^council of this county shall sete?t oneJeteJaS f?^The decree lieiow reversed, and the decree for lll>el-~°*^' ^ '*«""y "^y^ °» £..??S^'i.?"«5?*'°*»»^ ""t^n- Oh demurrer, vritoof theThe Coupons due Nov. 1 on the Sinkingfotttiealragingcit^tHe rresldeataaisccparticulars,leave toplatotiff to amend onpaymentof costs.i aad on all pvaaiAil liniaeaalonremark presentfendfrigthe Constltutfon of the United Stateiffor sav- were on their comtoplyingway Illinois, when were over-John O. Boker etImposed by the defendant, as Collector of this Port,amend to 20 days on payment of *»m,andoneothercasebetweensame 64ExchangeNo. leave of the party toth^follow-of ths•Ijw nomltybns, psrfaaiis, navar beCore Wa bar* narar wttaassed more intenseVirgin ia.^^^ P>">"«'ed at NorfolkMrs. Foana summarily secured and hung to a free.Mr. Fosna and the remainder of es- the two familiesupon animportationofUquon,which toeplalnUffaopinion.va. Durando.aselteiaeBt ttan 1* nowin this.Vr,?'"'TM"'"*' tUj9?IBffljft7rwlthwhom hxUf^i, £rciHi»;i—Jud^eot (orplaliAffga de- in;it is addressed,:prepared :SkKAT«E DOITOLAS. Con/uin-ary'Writes of Senator:coercedtoand Whoonboardtogiveenvflf itttlf witfc muaitions, and store them safely. And it is the worse for coming In all the panoply of aeach man work put his shoulder to the wheel, and thechargeable for freight and damages.AtohUeniem, is at your doors, uritk torch and knife m menform of right. Tbeform Is the e(«c(ioii—and theis done. We have to teach the and simplewhich is a well-drawnInstrument,clearlyandregularlyunder-Tbe Richmond Whig justly remarks" Tlie man who can write such must be crasy—stark mad—a fit:out of which the of resistance isThe fDrm of the election may be Constitutional, butits intent and purpose is our invasion and a violentinfraction of ine Constitution. No matter what may forth by his skilled arm—In la-of in terms reservescabin. ItPffromwe Intend to redst it is time we were viewoftheseIssues,wedelilwratalyresolveif its terms"^!m 'Tfcerpossible,respective committees of the districts. oTtheIr represeaSuves,laworklngsof the scheme S"w "-"T*to ^ouir mfrPi,e?nhds'f°;OeeMena.order-Ted^ stTrtllnemeaning.As It ihe lien respects uponseto^footprojOBtaow?broachedina free Government: gS5 ^"Y^J^Ji"f'^n;'^"»' AaaiiiirLraoouiisonThe Central Bank of Alabama, In a card published Under this head the State Rights Louisianian has in the Montgomery papers, says ttiat in view of thehettn Jadfe Nelaoa.the following significant statementrevolutionary aspect of the country, she will declineEarlycent., as against 83f at the close of dealinga yae-what he would do, or what would likely be his policy in regard to the South should he be elected, the rail-and refuse to put It out at any per cent. Military com-panieswas entered Into bctweea the libelant and Messrs.83|He said, however, he was not disposed to give up ments for Louisiana, refer to this statement, and he terday, (which I heard,) says any State has the rightThe charterers engaged, on their part, to provide applicatioornor parope—rttyo—local town, cityproperotry even purposes,compared with yesterday and the day beforethe fight. He was for struggling to the last, with the watchword, ' the Constitution and Southern Rights,"BaacKiaainGs and LassLIT TBI SOUTH ASM.We extract the following paragraph from the Mont-to secede when, in her opinion, she has cause, and he said whenever Georgia took that course, his country-the vessel at all times sufficient cargo for ballast,gomery (Ala.) MaU":that LiitooLR was preferable to DonoLAS, and more satisfied it will,) that feeling of existing be- ported to charterers, and cease when the vessel shall'all and domesticbyiudicialfatCentralThe result of the election, Tuesday, in Pennsyl-rsnia, was the death-knell of the South—or of theCnioit—it is hard to determine wtiich. If the South splltter showed a good deal of shrewdness when he become involved in the conflict.use, the Legislaturepower permitthe gradual extinction of the supremacy of the white race. IftheSouthsubmit,twoyearswillnotpass-not of any present enjoyment susceptibleit Is a re-we hear of a continued ply on call Loan to the Brokers at 6perhapsnot one—when the difficulty of holding andBXPDBLICANISM IN IflSSOURI.On last Saturday night an enthusiastic Republican the rights of the charterers it—the lattermotepossibilityofbenefithereafter"to accrue, Johns. Ch. Cases.^cent,managing negroes will i>e so great that owners willor rather in to the construction of the chartuenrd,er respcelcatim-sell at any price to be rid of them. The whole forceLet the SouthBatlfthe South resist—what then? The result is obvious.The world, the civilized world, cannot exist a day:safe and reliable for the South ?have returned and discharged her cargo In New-York.each of part of itplayed the Breckinridge game of silence, and refusedThe (act is, as much as I deplore anything of thissubmit, she must calculate on ceaseless serviletroubles, eternal Northern interference, laws aimedat her Institutions by the Federal Government, and candidate always has an advantage over one who I will aiw ays look upon them as braggarts, and shall board.on Illinoisto answer the interrogatories put to him. A mumshould the South back down from herand tacklethe other, the merchandise laden of private right—as a possibility of reverter—to anyCentrals, Southerns.frankly exprecses his views, because his supporters, not knowing what Ills opinions are, have nottdng to find fault with, but are compelled, as gamblers say, to go it bUnd."KX-GOT. WISZ'S BKSOLUTIONS.The cargo was put on board tbe vessel in this port by the charterers preparatory to the voyage, but be- fore she started on her voyage, a question arose uponthe tadividual plaintiffs, it Is not a vested right Is;It gan" How, then, is the election of candidate for that ptsCliief Executive power to be viewed by us and by all ?which Republican ideas had made in Mis- vessel for the time engaged, and damages for the non- Eighth—Tbe defendants show for toeir warrant ansince the Boston mail ofLondOBHis and bis rival's sentiments are bothproclaimed— they are the same—' the Government cannot endureIt had been thought a great outrage that the Re-had organized here in this Slave State. without cotton. The Governments of England and half slave and half free '—it is an irrepressible con- But the issue would show a numerical strength ofFrance cannot exist without a supply of cotton for flict between —opposing and enduring forces the United thousand votes In Missouri. Heentered uponmorrow, pay the November interest due on (Im party. junction must bs, that the grantees abstato from First Mortgage of the Boad.tbair millions of white slaves. If, then, the people of States must and will, sooner or later, became a Slave- thirty Republicanthe South are not utterly enervated, debased, and rememtiered that, ten years ago, he canvassed the In-vessel orcargounder the charterholding nation, or entirely a Free-labor nation.' ThesereaiW for cliains—If they tiave a spark of the old man- are the sentiments of the Black terior of the State against the policy of Slavery ex-usingthe Sheet until to be ascertained toey procureThe Southern Michigan and Norttiem Indi-coming Republican and that then the idea was on all sides ridi- hood left—rA*v can, by immediate secession, place triumph by such means as we have seen. What then ? tension,and tendered a just compensation. The platotiffs' be no proceeding in ran against vessel carjjo, no counsel cannot themselves define to totelllglble lan-themselves in an impregnable position." * * « . Let tie Sont* arm .'—If the Slave States intend to protect thair rights of property in slaves—if their citi- xensintandto resist every form of Insurrsctian and j^..fjwH«ri«ni wlilcb Northern hatred can Inflict—let them proceed at once to arm. There is no time fordebr: 'Batty braasa tliat blows from the North 3. That theculed and laughed at, that a party based on such an lien b&f uttaclieu for the benefit of eitherana Company will, to-morrow, pay1. The electionwill be anopposition could organize in Missouri.couldHe could nowguageThere was but Uttle tocidental remark during Mr.'"'J^ 2S5^-..*.S'*i?'general councilis met at 6a*K oeat. questtoned security, freely Vbut longer paper, and bills which are at all qnesitonedSlave States shall notmerely questionpaid.on these Bonds, in their presentproperty *'^'*' Territories are to beUmltsallowed to pro- effectually 'settle thefr hash.' So formidable hasal-mutual advan- or, at aU exchange for the Generali^ U>oir limit., the St»tm will not be her- protect II in peace In theirs.Ihts onco despised and sneered-ftt movement oeeome that It was thought necessary for the Littlelonger. question,be tlte form, the sutMtanca is aggression-the aggres-bor,t)ie the tlirough paaaenger and frei^ Company,business of «h« Uoe waaU bfi Uassbned to tinfor our "and for and or- enrollingGoblins andsee thishobgobUna flitted across his redolent §ulerptoEC consequence. Wedonotthinkthere- withtotwentydays. ^^^^__'.:Her-^seven long years. God grant that we may never be turned from the North and West, informs us that dur- that were woi tb tl,8i.O, and sold for that at Col. mitage.—Smisos, C. J.—The libel was filed In this privilege of all citizens and members of the State; it ing bis visit there he had an Interview with Old Ass, Woeends's sale, at Macon, are now offered for 1,000. case in rem against the cargo of the vessel, to recov- Is called tbe jus publicum. And. in every conceivablereiiaced to such a condition. But, if it comes tohe would certainly not ad^se acquiescence, but would the rail-splitter. Upon being asked by our Informant Money lenders are collecting in all of their money, erit thenat the Board atVcant, printedthat,'ratherraUethewar-cry, Toyourtents,OIsrael1'ofsubinit to such permanent ostracism in our own Gov- splitter replied that similar Interrogatories had been tion is called to meet on tlie second Monday in No- Abranches, Almeida & Co., merchants, for the em-publicumernment. Uehsupposed the case of England twin; an- to him by many persons, and also in writ- vember, to decide upon some immediate mcastire la ployment !of the vessel from the port of New-York has in all common privileges of the whole people. It on the Street at 1 o'clock. The fluctuations oais the representative of toe people, and has nexed to Prance, and asked whether England, with fntgrobpyoulnetdteedr, but that he had uniformly refused to an- the event of LiNCOLN'a election. 1 saw a gentleman to the West Coast of Africa, on a tracing voyage aud organizedIllinois Central, Galena and Rock Island, were;the common privileges of the people, nor the powerfor a single day. He declared that he did not believe plenty ot perj^ons at the South glad enough to get sissippi, are pledged to secede, and I can't see, for deck, and necessary room for the accommodation of mone9y'osf or property" of the Stalhea.s nCoonsequently, The Share Market m the aflemoon leftsec. art. 1 in the Constitution applicationshe wooid submit It for a single hour, but would ratlier them, and that he had already received four hun- my lite, how they are going to back down. the crew and storage of sails and cables) sliould be at totois case. ofl'generaland as unsettledand Cressy. And yet. tbe con.' iiion of England in the offices, a large and considerable portion of which BiDOE. 'They have no other electoral ticket, the ques- no goods or merchandise should be laden on t>oard which the far-fetehed that tinie since the course of speculation was made tofly to arms, and fight the great battles of A^icourt dreii letters from the Slave States t>egeing Nobody is running in South Carolina but BascsiN- the sole use and disposal of the charterers;and that 1. Independently of these larger considerations,weak,apparentlyas atanycase supposed, would not be so perilous ur hopeless came from Louisiana. We beg our readers to pon- tion of difference w ith them being whether they will otijerwise than from themas our condition in this Government, if the adniinis- der upon this, and keep a copy of this paper until lead off In secession or not, and I am told the seces- himself to receive on board the vessel, during the voy- very words forbid such a conclusion. " Local" is trade interests of the ten or twelve;tratlon of it passes permanently into the hands of the after the 4th of March next, sliould the luinois rail- sionists are largely in the ascendancy. age, aU such lawful goods and merchandise as the used in fanatical, sectional Black Republican Party. splitter be elected, and when he makes bis appoint- Hon. Howiu. Cobb, In a speech of two hours, yes- charterers might think proper to ship.on toiscontroversy,uponthe rather than the immediate politicalwill have an additional cue to the causes and motivesof the disruption of the Democratic Party at Charles-ton and Baltimore. These fellows, in their applica- men will find him responding to the call. The Doug- $450 per month and foreigntions for office, are taking time by the foreloclt, and las doctrine is the reverse. We think no State charges, &c., be, payable $80u at the expiration ofare determined not to be behindtiand In the race tocounty,to private purposes.:Moa. Tu». Wod. _ Mob. T««. Wad.82)« 83S4 Sl\ Galena 71 73 70 30 31 30 Rock Island. 66 66X 61K aii 4234 «'?* Illiaois Cetx...n\ 74 71 92S< 92H 93 Toledovan aaMXa Mich. Guar.I^ It any wonder, aftersuch revelaiions, to hear persons In Louisiana say sary. 'V'et, should It come to secession, (and Idiscbarge of the vesselshow a clear case of conflict.Fifth—Ai regulator of the public use of the streetsPacifis Fanajsacatch the Treasury drippings.President to whip them in by force of arms, if neces-3»\ 37Jtjusthas the right to secede, and that It Is the duty of theand in frill onthe charter to commencesympathyWe think the rali- tween slave States is such that every one of them willhad full manner68)4 60 68)4 Mich. Central.63)i S3H BtitHarlem Pref... 4« 42 41)« 96 83 |Barlmgton....S4The Railway Bonds were 1 4P' cent lowerand about the same on Michi-'publican Partyupon compensation first made, such except rightof Abraham Likcouc to the Presi- open and official avowal by a popularpastparty.For here the voyage had commenced upon the verytoe private right. pretendeddencymajorityaggressions of Black Renublicanism are right.Franklin Coundesof theand of the that the nation,guaranteeRepublicanscarrythe goods were put on board the vessel, and if the lienO'Conor's At one point the Court inter- argument.on theof theNorth,principalof$986,(X)0origmal2. That they are to be persisted In witn g•reat vation, for the future.the counsel to toquire what had become of an from Fourto-avenue, at its totersection with Twenty-to- The interest hereaf-kind,feel perfect security for the perpetuity of this Union for ail time to come. "progresssouri. He said"of the charter The case does not fallw here nothing has been done under a charter of thevessel—that u, no placed on board, nor the goodsquiet 108®108t ^yesterday.:cent.The Receiver for the Erie Company will, to-agogora- no longer feared to speak freely,govern themselves now, in this campaign, we mean to give theseamounts to actual war. It is proclaimed already and on Ms heels, later still, came Col. Davt Woods.was, then the refusal w as a breach Of the charter, and bad sold toe street, and paid parties the dam- Fund Mortgage should be made. Thiawe are at once subjugated, and ifareas.8XKAT0B TOOHBS Tg.the charter, or settling question thanLevi S. Chatfield vs. The Mayor, cf-c—Thiscase was for toe second time at recently arguedSpecial Term of toe Supreme Court, before Justicehim* "^ 'policythey shall provide. And quarterly, or oftsner, ready to sheathe It In the bosom ofsafety,.«"cTM_sbauTM5.*! J,"/?"?"^"'*" 'he county, which shall sit!owner.ihe no Bell, Douglas ir to m*rt such delegate, „ be a" and Mrs. Fosraa, formerly of Falrview, Hi., have ant with a'refeitnoe to toe clerk to ascertato the •Mr,ifme^muU Breekinr^, eaoh^sWct ma?rmtf-MOo eamlry there would he but two-aoMu pointed by other Munfles to assemble In Convention been hung by the people of Texas. The families of and damages.Company. and Wabash Railroad/tecting our own safetjr and honor as a people, for de- the andState, vrith the command they;Fund Bonds of Company,Vmm mid one mgwaut the Union. He t,.rO^ z hadat Richmond, to datormine upon measures for Dr. Saxiivis and Mr. FoBTiapro- were warned to leave_,^ h^tuiea theformer ." HisjMt wft-iAad niaehail a crisis in public af- hig our rights In the Unhm, and for obtaininir the taken by thefrsanctionoftheSoTarelanStateof.T.H ^S'"'*? '"^**"^'*1L'*paArt*u*s".—?S•eeJhirando —Place.yfe take pieaaure, byta letteroatiiePublicI^ebt•ali««9Uices""•copiesbesent to eachcounty In caped. The RegUter gives but few as the claimed to have been Illegally exacted. The trial of witoJudgmentfor defendant,maktog publicji:eta.Jtidtaibecaiccclvca. Uadis;fftttutUntitled Document:scomers such a fight as will. In all tine to come,Let tie lime arm. Evert/ one that con point a shot- awaits the election for the doubted the result? We must carry this city and the charterers had a right to put an eiiu io the con- only power and the meansprivatehave sustained its beenclosed up.At toeclos* Ol' Jdr. O'Conor's remarks, some littleposition,;^ Jonof the two races. Hamlin, the future Vice-Preti- spoke. After detailing the crimes of wMch he thought tors at large on the Republican ticket in Missouri, the cargo and refused to go on with the charter party. just compensation, first ascertained and duly made ac- stricter than usual, and the grades below veryof Lniooui'B free-negro Government will be directedof a Breckin- mass meeting was held In St. Louis. Hon. ScHCrLxs ing the cabin for the accommodation of passengers tosay 6}cent, on prime short paper, and 7The Norfolk Herald has af the negro. Its ultimate purpose is the amalgama- ridge barbecue at Princess Anne, at which Gov. Wiss Colfaxapprehend-to bring the white man of the South down to the levellong reporton which was denied by the one of the elec- be received txtard,tdenl^it, kiwuel/, partlg of negro blood. cboosa.the Republican Party guilty, he proceeded as followsprime rating iiam 7} to 10^cent Exchangefreightunder a charterparty.This charterparty_m_mItLmbabb,denied on ptelntiradetealt.Oom"p^m^y^—U"i"M"m"AasoctetionofLeavenworthre- InThe Herald remarks on these resolutions" We Invoke the serious, calm consideration of every ply to Mr. 'bosoiAS' denial of the asserttons advanced wortls were held sufficient to raise an objection on tody ofchlhltothe plabitatGasan, B. Rsbkai and Mr. Oaar- on the one side, and Mr. DoaoiAs on the:"^*.'^'' ""? *^- DoBOiisthat bis assump-3.000 VlrginU State as 8,000 Mls«>nri State «s mjsure of anyof any record of thehs tothetous.elections under theexpo- disslmutetlon and perAdy are ashamedCOON. T.Cen.Sa.... 97^ 60 da i,oMc.B.adM.B.Kx.«M lae de ......i,MeK.s.Bds., l(...6S I,00O M. 0. e per c. 1stLecomptonisConstitutiom,Lecompton ConstUutionido *B|some of whompolitical ethics in bis pecUlter school, if not under his It be diiScult tocase above referredttonfond, eoold'aflbrdbut Uttle Information to tbeagaina category that U might be thought we were lawsn »•suchanunu; his admirers In the past, or are among bisevery'mThe following letter is probably genuineLsxiaoToa, Ky., Oct. IS, I860. paper.enfry.YoursJOHN C. BRECKINRIDGE.followingOoT. Wiss at a Democratic mass meeting in Princesi"Anne Coimty, Va., Wednesday, and adopted by ac-theirhas been re- ceived at that port of the loss of one of the mackerel41H100200 Chic, Bur. &S00«i Q. R. sMf ^informs us thatrespondent IntelligenceICOO RaUroad. 41thick fog, shedown by a steamer, carrying away her bowsprit and foremast,and inherImws. What the^TBB CITY RAILKOADS.Canso, during the night, inshipthe northward, they found II Islands, but had but hourswhen she becameSeven of the crew wore washed overboardand the remaining nine took to the boat.In the boat two days, when It capsized, and t>efore they could get lier righted two men were devoured by sharks. By this mlsfortime they lost all theirbegan by remarkingbysU41K t3)t 60 Mich. Cen. R...s»atagainstdorse and continue this same old ding"-dong, slam- ed about for four days, during which time two men toat Chief Justice Marshall haddeclded that the Court 260 N. T. Cent. R^^ 82!< 806Pbttus madesome one to ask Mm, if the Union should be divided,what disposition he would make of the interest he had banglng, slam-whanging method of saving the died from exhaustion. One of the txidies was thrown could not hearCanton Company.. 1714..ni. Cen. B.Scrip. TSlifor the that has been partycomparatively poor, in her career of Industrialan-impeachmentLegislatures.100 do160 Erie RaUroad 160 do100 do360 do mt 3014 100 do iteNS 30% 360 Chic. kR. I. R.... «483030X1 K MU. kHIsi. B UWaDxasDAT, Oet.SI—P. K.only10 do Ill 900 dovisions,100but just as meal,asail hovein sight, which rapidly neared and rescued them more dead than alive.The vessel which rescued them was a Portoguese.toem, or be commented hadbeentoecourseofcounselontoeotoerside.She carried them to St. Domingo, wherewere Con- present sul. 'The name of the schooner is not given, neitherbisSoutherntour. OnberwaytoMemphissomedis-(Seeargument,p.47,ofthestockbeforetheOOB- to affect the »"«*«*DECISIONS IN ADmKAIiTY.mUnited States CIrcnIt Court—On. 31.former proprietor by the Sfreet law. This proposi- tion does not deny the validitv of toe alleged trust.—so that at the close of tlie.—CHARTER FABTT LIEN ON OABOO.This trust toterest is not property to; it Is neither public nortoe supervision and regulation of these common priv-to declare his policy in advance. He took occasion, men are actively drilling there, who have taken an the voyage for a year. The owner eng.iged to keep ileges.—Gould vs. Hudson River Railroad, 2 Seld. equally erratic,It politic or prudent frcm Charleston, S. C.,who tellsme that one thousand back to New-York, with tiic privilege of continuingsvter them, since he did not deemhowever, to apprise our Informant that he could dis-that he wouldthat Assembly, but in a hopeless minority. He asked not l.avp to send men from the Free States to fill the and setm to be preparing for the conflict. Louisiana, age, excepting captain, crew and provisions, and that of Government which feeds it, is part of the " public cific were thanwhether England would submit to the arrangement offices, by assuring him tliat there would be found South Carolina, Arkansas, Alabama, Texas and Mis- the whole vessel (with the exception of the cabin, the higherher Anglo-Saxon blood and all her hereditary hatredof France and Frenchmen, would submit to begov-vemed by Louis Napolboh and the French Legisla-the vessel well fitted, tight and staunch, and provided547.Fourth Neitherthis dvti/tosuperviseandregulatewhile New-York and Erie con-tinued in good demand, though with some varia-or the and to pay for charter freight duringvoyage,2. Those who wouldground of^Its repugnancy to toe' Constitution, must Readingevery four months in New-York,and so far as the form of tbe remedy is con-ed confidently upon cheering results, Aaa cerned, it is the same as if the voyage had been broken nmto-street He asked the togun or wMCMr thouU have one. Let every community to coerce submission. The election will it both county in November! We have the strength—let tract If not, they were in fault, and tbe cargo Is ages they mighton the same sec- tion pf '''* ^°^'^ "" "'^ exchange of the Bonds.electionwillbeConstitutional. ThatistobetheaJ-dto a different coOrse proceeding,pore muscle must be courage to ooze.In the of thisemployed development stood in every part it,m and eren a for thia portion of the ofonly Idea that the white man'scl«ar brain,genius,intellectNow, the charter,very special andafter which the Court aujoomed until to-day (Thursday). Mr. Kvarts will close the argument for toe defence, and will be repliedfat no advantage seems to be'he stoodservation necessarily excludes the master from thecabin, for although he Is to be the char- appointed byterers, he was in a qualified sense the master of the•""^.""k"' ?J"'once said, would not flatter Neptune for ids trident,or Jove for his thunderMr. Toombs fritlroated and that very clearly, that8UPBEME COORITheto the vessel, and some of them appropriately belong- ing to the master ami In which he us master was spe-— and shall, speak fri Atlante on the 30th Inst, and all the powers not so, as admitted by the terms of the Instru ment, norowner had duties to perform In respect i.S*"jiS"" ?• *•«*«>" nude a masterly sneedthere S2.1 /TM,^Mf'°^ !•"""" M'h. to he elected by the sev- lanta on the JOth frist. Mr. Dodulas spoke in Mem- cially concerned.MArsTtanis.'Ledger, tflw'Vfoey maifcet of that cityassemble. In whole or In part, as they may dfrect,Mr.DoooiAS. iSsremarka »«S„^^i^ ^,'J removable at thefr pleasure. The phis on yesterday, and we learn by telegraph that he In our construolkm of the charter, the possession of next, Tuesday betog election day.al thisni,I^Ji.ui,'f„''°°"°*'"'e<l *o every County In the peat his answers to the NorfoU questions In his and purpose of the voyage. This Is our viewall such rule higher, and are ukely to Increase if toe dis-£2S^i?,?i?4?hi?'?*?'"speechin tillscity,Bonnet, J.— endeavoring to ascertain thefr ment for platotllTs onet al. va.demurrer, wito leave to defend-^ ">e sa^e or a simUar ""e »»TMe as we now order forand we upon trust that Mr. Tooass will the words used by the parties to the contract, and wenotice to codoerate.3. That the moment the elecUoi returns are made to answer."1st Nov. on Bonds of .the l.F/.^f^^e'^'Tr''^1 <">^ «•»'• '• Haws.- Hudson Biver Eaiiroad will be paid onCompany,be here on that occasion, and look to them in keep at that distance mustHarper answer withtothey persecutors,andDr.ShxssvssThis{J^^toPteUnUfto"Wo wUandgeneraldiscussion iooitpiSfe,Andwemayheld outin the event of any legal proceeding,great countrymineral and agricultural wealth are to be brought without the use of the cabin te the charterers, thethat the Government must be admin-insisted, however, consistent with othertliat this Is aand Is mistake, in-ofand not short, that free white slave labor, is the true policy for promo- ting the greatoess and wealth of these vast 'Westem:that its boundless freasurespartsof theand instrument, that_In Revolu-shall devise and control meas- ,J1 *'."'• P"??^".' the ghost of Hamlet," haunted would necessarily defeat the whole object and The Court now rendered judgmentappoint 'committees of safety,' asspeech there in lis usual1.tionary thnes, to consist of six persons from each ing style. It saysmagisterial district, a majority of whom for each dis- 'Ike "tute a proceeding to reform the contract. AndtoofgMiiingabodyof MhiuteMan,"lorwhomlnaUreon boardby tne charterers at any other point in the course oftbe voyage after the vessel liad been out a week,bnt canflbt becharterIs;morrow,aacumulatmgweunderstand will be duly provided,bypower,costs of toe last Cfrcult.1242,tbe duties.the VanTasselvs.FatsZbsssf—Otroroegranted. c«s- followingIntoe almost eountless objections Numerated to thisand the ow-ner also bound that secctoinocnlhuasisvely repel any beartogpretence its turnthe act in party bound himself to the other—the one, the shoinp Siit*—If it could be pretended that toere was anyFor the fulfillment of the several stipulations question.totheprescribed bySevinth—It Is not shewn, or fairly to beand thereupon the charterers commenced taking out vade any private right—If any exists—without maktogmade addresses. The latter gentleman spoke of the The libel Is filed to recover freight for the use of the to law. cordingand Hon. T. D.Sisvimsoh,fulfillmentparty.within that class of casesact of ttie Legislature. If the Court should restrato on toe ground that there Is some private right to an individual platotlff, which cannot be Interfered vrith,that theCounty, while In St. Charles and Osagetbe party was rapidly growing, and its voters atteched at all, it attached as soon as they were laden ruptedIn which cases tliere can be novoyagelien upon theIn these cases whether the breach of the agreement is on the part of the owner or of the charterer, there canmust be stated to the order, and the In- injunction;mistake inanyexpress the Intent of the parties,do notthere is another mode of thecalling on the Court in this proceeding totheso uponthevessellfthebreachofcargoboard,the ants^toor asthe November interest on their First Mortgages of all classes. Tbeterms of the agreement between the partiesbut count- old street that until about twelve years;section since ran off Michigan falls due, by the tenor of the Bonds,freight?ll^t'°of"^"*that day as usual at the officeheFor plaintiff, Mr. Griswold for ;Tittnfdayin the day, l>efore the tormal seaskMLaffley,had a bad case.toat material, and cemented It vrith an offensive slime.is toeany legal sense of that termpeople.versed.it is aover streams,' toe lieds of which Iwlong to private persons. The concern which toe Stole has inrespectprechie parallel onlyrightpassage terdayand subsequently83^ on the and as low as 82annul an actport of tbe Legislature, or suspend its execution, on the Erietheam when the vessel was in her berth for loading and re- In question, representing toe whole toterest in such Harlem34H 3SH 33W;.3716)4 18 16)4 Mich.South'n.l6)4 19 17)iwhich needs no such protection as an injunction against ob- structing toe public highway.—Jerome vs. Ross, 7to theopenedsold down toUririABg,this ease so Car asCertainly the Colleelor would be to ovw TSPadflclLB. (Jo.... «. 1Cley..CoUftCiB.R,. «»|^order to meethad made a of pyramid1. As to old afreets, (say part of Broadway,) the fee were made at a decUne of 3 ^ cent, from the pre-Charter. tionstoere.)Ntoto-avenueand cita-and theof telegraphic news from Baltimore of several im- reverter. No title or estate whatever rematos to any portont failures among the Stock Brokera in tliat—tion is not a fee conditionalquestion,receipt,;It does not forbid the country,days of local i. e., the of a ago. The following are about the closing figuresoppositionto "public."to the use Hudson;free sup-^owner, ed, that the defendants will take any property, or In- cent, on longer dates, the classification bei>sSinningby having mortgage becomes a first UenflbiWe.—Judg- twenty days, on payment ofdefcndaatedo doded* Mil«,oeOTeon.St.Cs '90. g;3,000 Yirilala St. 6's. 867,009 do 85!4 IstBarlsm R.m^ fa\1*2 ifS 4lS100of Nor 60 do bl6 83 100 Gal. k Chic. R ni(;;to credU, are not readily placed, and the rates oa trust of toefuture oaottones."!I^Heb^*f2B-.:'i*;-ITw- VLliftc »«•»5rencycem andThe lowest point touched waswhich there was a recovery in the afternoon to 8Syesterday.In Money,while on Discounts the rates are partially dearer,dotSTitdo n.mt^^~ :tktt Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 