 Ihis rooBxa, at 10 in the eveniog. A r m b g at thethe steel. • . the humble and poor most need protection. In etates- statesmen, " Liberty and Union, now and forever, one.manshipj therefore, as in morals, we never reach such and inseparable." Let n'a be distinctly understood,fIlHI I!II'!.The eiJJi. merce, and especially to the higher developments of mingling the blood and mind of the different European publicans gained some 50 votes*. In this district wemind and heart which give 1 elevation of purpose and families as shown in the history of the Anglo-Saxon are defeated by a email majority. But we reduced the dignity of character, and spread the kind charities and Democratic majority.from 1,600 to 400. This is thesweet amenities of Christian civilization through all people—the produ. t of a Roman, Danish, Saxon and• t\New- York, Oct. 22,18G0." T h e redingote form of dress will inaugurate the jKancy, in hia lOOih year, eeaeon, and can be wo»n either with a pointed or round jUuis XV ., and servtd body. Of course; with the latter, the skirt must be setin large piaits. Flounces will be the ornament mo*tiy [Sing's regiments.used on silk dresses; either several narrow ouea to tboknee, or one large one, surmounted by narrower or#e., FROMor by a trimming. Large buttons, called macaroas,eurrounded with lace, ar« in great favor as on»Ain«u?a The United States Ma for redingotcs, or a simple atyie of dress. Passemen- [SttHech, commander', fr< terie, which has eo long played an important p-ut in Havana at 1p. m. of ti toilettes, will .continue eo to do; it is coach employedboth for robes and mantelets. The palotOt is tha f>rml^ght-ehip at 11 o'clock ofmantlemoetused,andiamadeeitherinlightclotaorpainedbythefoguntildaxJ silk. Thebumouaisstillwornwitheitheraroundor'"jwff^rrrw• # » •• » • * < • • ' ''.'" "."'Siiy'ftS^Stf^Wa^w**TM*'XJThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069•<0~».»t'«»jw.»»»^, '.i „ , r. . t. . , , ^ . ^ . ^ ^ ^ . -IV 3;'^ r. . •52*2»j» If pealed forth by the tramp of fate, And sew, New-YorkibaDbo kormateTo sweU the note* of triumph. in.The motley groups that strive to fuse,And only do thenuelrea oonfose; -Now, they MOthat we refaaeTo lesson Lincoln's triumph. Then onward to the BALLOT field. With steady hand that weapon wield,'" Kor stop, nor stray, nor tUy, nor yield, But roll np Lincoln** trimnph.TT.IJO, the State* of the Free Weet,The brightest gem* in onr Nation's crest, Kor night, nor day.wiu they seek resttbe United States when amid the despotisms of the Old World, has been ashamed to rebuke the-oppressions around him as he remembered the dark cloud which'<customs have been few, indeed; we can almost count Laws of a Government to which it had never given its falling off every Christian and Mahomedan nation, them on our fircers. It requires the" highest exercise aeeent. Not satisfied with haviog thia year taken from except only our Soothern Sta'es the Spanish Islands,**&».ery visited the master and his family with the direst ret- A Democracy which, not satisfied with such degrada- ' ribntions, I have been rather disposed to pity than de- tion—not satisfied with compelling us who nounce. The passion for arbitrary power, in all ages, are non-slaveholders to pay annually tens of has been more blind, bewildering, and deceptive tnau thousands of dollars to aupport'a public guard, solely the paesion for strong drink, and not lees fatal or sui- to protect the slaveholders' peculiar property, and other cidal in its consequences. Those who have been able tens of thousands to pay for that portion of thia peculiar voluntarily to give up power. tolerated by laws and property annually hung or tranpported for breaking theI. .I»l .'"1' ' " " " " ^6 pOLITJClLINTELLIGENCTL, 1TBE CA1TVASS IK NEW-YOBKTb* H<n. i*TmTR.Hoiaiw and the Hon. BCRT"UTA* Ho»* Wffl apeakvtiVvo... Mo*a*yaft,Oet22mat*rial, mental, and moral condition of the people, tbouebt be'what mine was when lately standing at the straction would reduce me from affluence to poverty tion of the following oflicers: Preaioent, Dr, "Wm^jC end <\ <T&Tv*u*;Greene Co-iN. Y„ Oct 19,1860. and I firmr* believe the figures here given fairly indi- last resting-place, of my parents, " He honored labor, give the order, and burn Boston to ashes," , • , Varian; Vice-Presidents, T. M. North and iT. F ^ . * ^^nirnendaaomiin th^J«, latest.....a* gstairr / '"''' '*-•'- OSKj^hMB©......;....Tnesd»jf eye, Oct 28 .^.Wednesdayeve., Oct 24.tion of schools, arts and manufacture*, hut I did not sity of Slavery. What a conclusive answer to. burdens to onjgf Jjes snd to society* We are but float- this assumption in the healthy faces aud_ fineexed by R M. Poer and Wm, W . Howe of New-Yorkatt ^dienceof n ^ ^ hundrsd workingmsnl tw0hats *v&<*****'- ,, « we«a&bont mer/j....Tfaorsday aft., Oct. 25. JUKllvnie ^T^**^^1 ». WAM». y°* know, f Aftervu?tygntHAionofRepublicantracts,whichwere ISS/^ 7TbePrWAtKewfan* » n w t^Sl^;;::.. At Peaeletoo.At T«»w»n3»....». A i C*mbiia Centre. At Dkk l»»ci»Till«» J^ LowUton.Jd 8ootb Wilson jU B*w*onviU*>Ai Coonierj « WestSosnonet.'.....^tnrday ^ i 2 & S Satafday eve., Oct. 27.w p e a g o arbeumaiiem, p»W" *tj> delirium tremens, anSjipoplexy andf^elevoltnt activity the lives of our children and wbich eo OlV^ afflict our idle aristocracy.#Bat weretheaeeujrp1ion txtie it wot,w onlyprovethjt thisisnots —Tfce Hon. John I. Slingerland has received the Re-]•"m\••"•«... „[[[r m*.-*.«.<».«• ..Monday e v e , Oct. 29.. .Tuesday ovr., Oct. 30- ..Wednesday ev*.. Oct81.Thursday aft, N o ^ L "Thursday oyo., Nov. L.Friday aft.,Nov. 2. .Friday ere * Nov.*.Saturday -ft., Nov. 8. ,S*tnx**y ere., NOT.3. jjunday eve., NOT. 5.d u s t r i a l d universal love as shall inirpire with usefal those who are to come after us. How encour-publican nomination for the Assembly in the Fhtt1 District of Albany County/ "—On the evening of the 18th inst. there was a great Republican meetmg in MUwaukee, at which the Hon. Galueba Grow made an effective speech. A torchlight procession; contained 1,000 torches, and a variety of transparencies and significant banners added life to the occasion.vrasAW JJUSB W1DB-A W AXE QUICKSTEP SOKG.jkJX!^Garryowen.Ob. suecewto fl» ****"*>"»o T y » x w « « '«*a .Free Lane*, and UstiOX smdlawt; j\C ) W t0 fv»mmwhoforFreeLaborstand.Lad woe** *° *b* Wide-Awakee s%lt*nt and grand. Co**. *ra*P yooT torch each Wide-Awake,ixxd with your cheers th« welkin shake. jSaeh fortress from the foemaa take, Hnrr•h /or Lincoln's trhwop h-—The Newark Mercury eays of a recent meeting •"The great German demonstration on Saturday yfrfiXed. a aHgutly anvane, (g^B^^flirg/ourtUndMrdtothewind,Tb* coast i> clear—tbe cause defined, Tbongh FieedoBaf* foe* bave »H combined,.He vfied like yon through " thick and thin," To ]** raeeen first cry Amen,Then work for Lincoln*! triumph.• 9 1 k , that Mart ftom'the Koyston* State,y*t T-W"*" rare shall triumph.. II.Y oVIrvote f ° r Lfncoba, workingmen,Till Lincoln's final triumph.From E»»t and West and South and North,- A Union shout will then come forth,And "Union men will pledge their trothTo stand by Lincoln's triumph.' ONE OF THE BOYS.and poor benighted Brazil; when in these countries of Christendom three-quartere of theirelavery bave melted away under the light and progress of tbe last 30 years; shall not some correspoiding action be had in tbisJEOT»—The first lour Knee are repeated in each Terse. •"• e'gation ofthe wcrld. Nor can we forget to honor a era' meanatogether with a most odioua burden on his of humanity throughout the world? where, id theirom one born and reared that he was convicted n& after ward became tbe fcuoj corroborates the truth of u«B0BGE N. SANDERS, YANCEY, AND THE Y ICE-PRESIDENCY .. IV A» Editor 0 / Tk* CkarUUoa Courier.- £ « : I am surprised that an earnest and sagaciousWitor uke 7 ourBelf could be led so far astray as to give •erioua color to a rumor which, on a little investigation en j o w part, would have proved to have grown out •of some playful words of mine at a private dinnerparty.Although the remarks I made sprang out of the mo-ment, without previous thought, and were only respon- sive to the spirit of good-humored psliucal raillery whichprevailedaroundthetable,Iamquitewiping that all I said on the occasion and after, shall go to the public My words, though casually spoken, at most «oJy pointed out a way by which the Vioe-Predidency •eould be wen and the Democrat^ party saved.In only two instances, the second being merely aBirney, a Brisbane, a Grimke, a Palfrey, a Blair, a Bfttep, and a Clay, of our Own country, for the gene-income from daily toil, and has by an extortionate license system, loaded our merchants with four timeablezirg light of our reformed and punfled example*, the KoesuthsandMazzinis, the Keekers,, the Blaucks, the Hugos, and the Schiirzes. now exiles for their attempta—It is pcriti vely a«8er:e< I Unit, in an article en the t ;jtuat of that famous faedr&t*"» *»***»<««««calculated to prevent the overbearing influence which winds of heaven shall scatter his sacred ashes intotheiboundlees blessings which their freedom and re- the strong are prone to wield against the weak and help- other lands 4w become the seeds ofvrefonnation and cause whose triumph is already foreshadowed. Nevei gaCh ape-tike mioric« w spect for labor was conferring upon them, judge my less. And wr at are he agencies required to effect those deliverance/ But fortunately for us, the great battles before bave we seen such an assemblage in this city young fellows, how*v-{t r anxiety to see the same^blessings enjoyed, by the necessary changes 1 Can re!innce be placed on-eitber of freedon/in this conn'ry have been already fought tbe Wigwam being filled to repletion, mainly -with w»are already bogietarn dwellers in my own State; [for though my blood or of the great parties which have heretofore ruled the in the schools and churches, in the lyceums and ballot- German residents, and the spirit displayed was a sure bur top-piecfl which it aM banishment had been demanded by the brutal tools Southern Slates? The rank and file of both are un- boxes, in the homes and manufactories of the North. evidence that the Republican sentiment per/vades that 5§VYork youth taw aJ ofaeeMiebdespotism,thejonlyrevengeIhadever doubtedly right, but are the leaders to be E*eryflashalongtbe'elegraphicwiresfromthoseold classofourvoters. TheSixthWardCompaniesof ^kly-foldid"cravat,exf sought or desired was to benefit and to bless. I waited trusted ? Would to. God that instead of the in- Revolutionary Battle-fieks or Boston, and Lexington, Wido-Awakes escorted the German Singing Societies ;avenile« of hit party, uk patiently for tbat *' second, sober thought'" which is quiry with regard to candidates at the last election in and Concord, and Bunker Hill, and Bennington, and from Tnrnhalle to tbe Wigwam, wlwre thousands had IHU the ready oepykto oa certain to visit a peoplo just and generous as our people this State, " Which is soundest in the cause of Slav- Saratogu, pnd Stoney Point, and Monmouth, ahd Tren- already gathered. The storm which had e vept over given the coup de pn* have ever been, never for a moment doubting their ul- ery?" we could hear the encouraging question, ton, and Princeton, and Valley Forge, and Ger- us during the day had a tendency to decrease the at- i»ong ue- With thin •>* timate 8pp;obation of all honest efforts for their own "Wbich ia most faithful and devoted to Freedom?" mantown, and Brandywine brings to us the glad tendance, but the fame of the great speaker who had ja the Fall modes of v..-< 1 prosperity. I waited patiently, because I knew a peo- Which most resembles our own Washington and Jef- news of -victory and conquest. All that now been announced was superior to the inclement weather,ple eo deeirous of seeing fair play could never long con- ferson? That we might see in our political contests not —Parson Brownlow, tinue content to return for the Bibles I had caused to mere struggles between the outs and ins for the spoils remains is a Yorktown capitulation on the 6th of No- and the Wigwam was fihed to repletion. The varions Whi#,t*y9i /be so liberally scattered among them, exile, arson, and of office, struggles of the many for the benefit of the vember, and the final evacuation of the present Ad- companies of Wide-A wakes came in from their head- " T o e fact that W . L | threats of,blood, though prompted thereto, in the sacred few; butdev tion to great and benevolent principles ministration from Washington on the 4th of March, quarters, but there was no space f >r them in the Wig- jgarie of' South CsroLi.as and abused name 01 Democracy, by political dema- of action. With Democracy, the genuine Democracy 1861. Who. can calculate the moral aubimity of that wam, and during the meeting they remained outside ^rrte, hat the details h«.\ gogues, encouraged and led on by the brilliant, ambi- of Jefferson, we will have no controversy; for it de- victory?—a victory wbich ahall begin to realize the exposed to the Etoim." lived one mile and a'ha.fJ tious, wordy, and un-Wise Executive of the State. mands universal freedom. The greatest good of the anticipations of those old patriots who, in founding The Detroit Tribune says that ia the procession; •ffidow'etil reezd^s, if a A Never didluttsra single reproach against the most greatest number.. It demands equality or rights and this Republic, expected it would be a model of just wbich recently escorted Mr. Douglas through tin sjatt is aa old field, sotarn bitter and pereecuting of my foes, but my constant feel- equality of taxation. . But the Democracy which has Government, deriving its only powers from the consent 'hctsebackjbutmore freoj ing and language was: ''Virginia, with all your faults, so long persecuted us knows no other duty than that of of the governed; but, by the perveraione of the mis- streets of Kalamazoo was a large, scantily-drewed rround^ This was the *\ I love you stall." While I have uniformly refused to supporting and extending the wasteful and destructive called Democracy, it has become a stumbling-block in hideous-looking caricature of his c jmpetitor, Abrahaa J^r. Earle's son, al«u?." Would not the iDdiirafimtanswer come From turbaned Turk and fiery Ross 1Go. loose j onr lettered men at Lome, ' Th^n turn and ask the like of as "Yancey had treated his^ol boy had been very ioeoi n J^t-JAWS- Dr. Eirle r«phtnghirg allusion to the first, did I ever either jecotely her more fortunate neighbors of the North. And had cor serionsly speak in Mr. Yancey's presence of his her statesmen and rulers followed the advice of Wash-«hsBce8 for the Vice-Presidency. The mere mention of ington and Jefferson, and the example of those more wisely governed States, the scepter of power, wealth,she parties present on the first occasion, with a simple and Influence would never have departed from the Old.statement of what 1 then said, out of which it has all Dominion. The present great and pressing want of this grows, will be a sufficient gauge to the absurdity of the State, like that of. the United Slates, is cultivation and. whole story. , improvement, not enlargement or annexation; and herTho gentlemen were, first, the generous best, Mr. J. only true course is a change of her policy, which shall invite to her aid and cooperationher Caucasian cousins— I>. Hoover? time, the Thursday before; the Baltimore . the intelligent, moral, industrious artieans, mechanics,-Convention. On his 'rijht, Vice-Pre8i<?ent Breckin- ' miners, manufacturers, farmers, and commercial men of ridge. On his left, Col. J. W. Forney, of The Press. Europe and tbe North. to share her taxation, develop herWilmington,Del, O c t20,1860.•Between him and myself, Mr. Yancey. Tceae, with Oen. John Cunningham, of Cbarloutou, Mr. Albert Pike, «f Arkansas, and several others of equally oppos- ing spheres, composed tho party.The conversation and speeches naturaljy turned toward the approaching Convention. Being called on in turn, I observed, referring to the Vice-Presidency, that Democratic usage gave the Vice-President to the minority, and instanced that at Cincinnati the Douglasparty demanded and obtained the nomination of Major Sreckinridge as Vice-Pjceident, after they had been beaten on the Presidency. That there was no question aa to who was the minority- chief in the present contest, 'Douglas had, in his last speech, signally pointed out Mr. Yancey; and that I felt aathorizod to scy that the majority, with whom I had the honor to act, would generously follow the wise acknowledgment in '56 of this precedent, and allow the minority again to indicate the .Vice-President. That Mr. Yancey had bravely 'won the position by breaking up the Convention at Cbarle&on, and that he had gained everything possible in that direction. That his star would now lead him to harmony, and to the preventing any more breaks io. the Democratic party. That I would suggest a plat-form as a substitute for both the others on the Slaveryquestion, which Mr. Yatscey and hiu followers couldhonorably accept. That tho platform I would lifcvehim adopt would be to reqeire fifteen or twenty thou-sand inhabitants in a Territory before giving to ftlegislative powers. This is the manner, length andbreadth of my Vice-Presidentifd proposition to 3L-Vrteourcee, and m&ie her a State of freemen, with allthe energy, edocation, enterprise, love of freedom, ofprogress, and of order, characteristic of the Anglo-Sixon race. The history of the world, and-especiallyaed we all know that it is absolutely necessary to any wealth from immigration; the statesman who looks at place a few weeks ago ibout ten minutes, and the Re- substantial improvement in arts, manufacture?, or com- the effect of what farmers call a judicious crossing; of.party, Mr. Joeeph Sandereon.'City Marshal, accompa Royal Higtneas at the Lie C nied by several aids and policemen, waa engaged —Dr. J. W. Palmer, WAU clearing a way in the crowd (for such it was at ttime), when several gentlemen, said to belong to th tbis-city, has became &< tat Law School, showed themselves obstinate and wo> nquirer, in the staff of wliii not stand baok as requested. As a consequence ti tent potition. He'v-anr... were trodcen upon by the bora?s. One young]Yancey. It is for Mr. Yancey, and tot myself, to say tion-of any free institutions, and a terror only to those-what consideration he gave to it, and what effort he 't who " hate the light because their deeds are evil."•ma/Je, if any, on the line of its suggestions. We are, therefore, gratified that the foes of Freedom are at length, by the pressure of opinion from allsey, New-York, New-Euuland and"the mighty West to spares—Touching the " Fashions" for the Autumn, Le Fo^ let says:same vein, I, alluiiag *o the speedy annihilation of few figures of aritbneetic, which are infinitely mo e 'Harrison and Taylor, rtjoined that, as Douglas's eloquent than any figurea of speech; and, let me add, friends were much more numerous and enthusiastte the iigures here produced are, mainly derived from ther y' • f{*• •••ir IlovoT to him whose sturdy arm Swings forth the poudrouH s.l&£ge;Honor to him wliObe giiUerinc; us Cuts down the tree or hedge;Who roakec a blade of'grans to grovr, Where there wa* none before,Is Worthier than the detni-god, Whoso mantle dripu with gore.To every ore who striveth To beautify the earth.Bepraiseandfumefargreater Thantothoieofprincelybirth,"• ' . ' • .s ":' .—We call attention to the maee meeting in Speaker Pennington's district, to be held this (Tuoeday) even- ing, at Odd FellowB' Hall, in the City of Hoboken, at 8 o'clock. It ia expected the meeting will bo addressed by Speaker Pennington, Joseph Hoxie, esq., Elliott F . Sheppard, esq., and others. .i '—We pubhshed on Saturday laot a list of the RepubrJicancandidatesforPreeidentialelectorsiuPennsyl-tea, and thick, rainy w»*ij|cificia! cenBus tables ofthe United States, prepared by Prof. De Bow, one of tho most ultra and persistent devotees of the Pro-Slavery party.to give the precise words, but the gense is exact,without stretching or shrinking. We soon left for Douglas's;foundhiasurrounded}}jfriends,and N^-York,j^8*Wj^,,080,309,216 spentapleasanthour,without a vrordontheVice- Vir^Dia,im...i'748;3Cl3| 89LG4G.433 Preeidency from Douglas, Yancey, or'any "of theparty. I drove Mr. Yancey back to hia lodgiDge,than theirs, he could, certairjy, eouat upon kis being killed off in less than six months. . I do not pretend• Thus ended onr interviews. When alone with Mr. Yancey, our political conversation was entirely on he platform—no allusion by either to the Vica-New-Yoik. Virginia13 .W5 2,0971,760 820 88,420423 87 •115,585,473 9,223,068ing, and to insure the attendance of an^ audience, by tho moat extensive adveitising and the most persistent personal efforts. The difficulty just now ia the otherK"?f $*vv au ««BTx>cratio cachet which cannot beob-T .-Oct 21, lat. 3S 30, Ion tamed by any ether means. For evening dress, tar-< ..-withtheintentionofinjuringMr.Douglaspolitically, nt of the fragmentary word* of a careless conversation etween others, of the scops and bearing of which they•were entirely Ignorant, not.being cognizant of its antec-edents; thus making possibly necessary this public N*w.Orl«t»ns... ...175.0C0Richmond 4C.0OOeus of Nazareth. " My Father worketh hitherto, andIwork." WhataleBsonforthedandy,theidler,theSupreme Court on the great questions of numan rights >hallreturntotheoriginalandhumanedoctrinesitheldxplanation of what has been so astutely migrepre- * In these statistics shaves in the slave cities and in the• eiderablo numbers, in the hope that some speaker might be present.. Fortunately, J udge Simple, whohips. It is not probable that this fancy will be J**t-as not the usual amou .'. season of the year. W|iicane was antioipav.-«i. . art to the Spanish-ft**. PHday, Oct. 19, Ut. 29rfemla with a thre^it^it^ IJe*l with blue crow, hM *fiT. pas«c«l bark T i^» Ion. 78° W, |*<tee«i:t-• -MkM A ; •'* U tit a r e given snch wide-spread circulation to the irregu- lar statement of the Virginia gentlemen will publishmy-explanation, in justice to Mr. Douglas.ble to Freedom.Thfl figures are all derived irom official census tablesof the United States, except those relating to cities, andthese were furniehed by the Mayors of the respective cities in lc«>7.Daring the wanderings consequent upoij jay eoplj ,.•... .......is to bo gratefully welcomed which can add to the sum of human knowledge and human happiness !;Let us then resolve, in imitation of these sublimeRespectfully,JfJewYork,QtWHXl3,W*'» [ . f - * « « i « # ' > - - "GEOftOB M. SANDERS.*fl?examples, to embrace the condition of labor, not ao a curB8,'but as the choicest boon of Heaven, opening tolie the .only way to .the attainment of the richest pleaa- duty.- A_, Republican Association naa osen formed in either plain, or finiahod with a guipure pas^emtrsari*inoertioft of guipure all around^ and a whit^ fi^ilGOV. HUNT IN GRES2SI5 COUNTY.o»rM«i>ondenee of The N. Y . Tribune. ;-• ,.,isas| WtW' yUT€S and enjoyments—as'ibe badge of a tone nobdrty. XetTOcultivate tile spirit which enabled John Han- —The New-York corri from this State of my home and family in 1856, I have When my children shall look at the'.little monod tha« cock to say: " Iftbe interests of the country require it racy. On Saturday evening last the Club w a s e ^ ^ ^ ^ S ^ ^ , ^viiing her to engage in commercial pursuits; in the abut dance of her coal-fields and water-power, espe- cially in those wonderfol falls of her four great rivers into deep, navigable tide water—the Potomac at Georgetown, the Rappahannock at Fredericksburg, the , James at Richmond, and the Appomat- tox at Petersburg, furnishing facilities for manu- facturing unequalled by any country on the globe. This' unrivafed combination of capabilities demands that Virginia should resume the position she occupied beforehand during the Revolution, and stand where she then stood, foremost among her sisters in wealth and population. Withthe»ephysicaladvantages,whyhas she failed to maintain her once proud position 1 It has not beenfrom any natural inferiority of her white or ruling population, for it comes of the same Anglo- Saxon stock which settled the flourishing States of New-England. But, in my judgment, it has been sole- ly from the difference of her institutions from those ofren which they would not allow others to exercise over our commerce from the State. Ho w different this from cause our infidelity to the great truths of our glorious them. And permit me to pay a passing tribute for the that genuine democracy which proclaims equal and declaration of human rights has blighted the fairest pame fidelity to the names of my neighbors, Ambler. exact juttice to all. N«ither will we contend with true hopes of struggling nations—shall be restored to their •Withers, Gibson, and Jackson, in Fauquier County ofthe Old Dominion.Of one thing we may rest assured: 1hat we shallnever promote the highest public interests by folding for their labors with our fathers in the great struggle regulated by law, and the despotisms of Austria and our bands in proud reliance-on our illustrious descent- for national independence—while we would welcome Italy shall vanish like ghosts at break of day, or m'sts Envious tongues might taunt us with having indeed all true men who come from the land of our ancestors, before the morning sun—a victory infinitely more mu- made an immense deecent from the honor of our revo- ei'her driven hither by their love of liberty, or simply nificent in its reeults to the South than to the North, lutionary and liberty loving.fathers to our present posi- by the hope of improving their condition; and -while for it ebali convert our wild and neglected hill-sides into tion. One ofthe readiest means of adding to our pros- assuring to them perfectcivil andreligioua freedom, we vis eyards and gardens of beauty; It shall cover our hill- peritywillbefoundinencouragingthatgreatestofall et'hholdthatAmericashouldbegovernedbyAmeri- topsnowfrowninginprimevalforests,,withgreenpas- modern improvements—ORGANIZED, CONCERTED IM- cans, either native or those who have been qualified by tures of bleating flocks and lowing herds. It shall.drown MIGRATION. This engine of power promises, by Chris- laws duly guarding the purity of the right of suffrage, the loud roar of our hitherto uninterrupted water-falls tian colonization in Virginia from Europe and the and that we should prevent the monarclues.and despot- In the music of tbe wheel and the loom, the hammer Northern States, not only to be financially profitable to isms of the Old World from making our country a gen- and the anvil. It shall bring out from the bowels ofTo the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.fretdom of speech and of ihe pr«-ee io the Yery life and scul of republican procperity, eoeentzal to the preserva-and now proudly floating over our neighboring freeHancockOct. 21 passed, about ic not easy to postpone a Republican meeting once au oinaments are generally of the same light color, suc^aa A^pounced. Such a meeting was advertised for Saturday pink, pale blue, or apple green. The skirts of ball f«a steamship Philadelphia evoning last, at Port Richmond, Snten Ialand, but it dresees are made with a train, and expanding like the By the aixival of the «iitailofapeaceek. Thetrimmingisveryvaried; ItisU*me^dateafromBAvana,4 was agreed by the managers to defer it on account of rare, however, to see anv reacti above the knee. Narrowtheweather, and the widest notice possible given to flounces, perhaps, form the moat general style: Iu quite disappeared, and i that effect. Nevertheless, the people gathered in cou- light materials the robe is aa wide at the top of the up the hotels, to spendBoston Chicago...165,(00 ;,.113.000$249,162,500 171,000,000 91,188,1«520.143,520'$1,510 J,527 521 503livirg. whether they exert themselves or not. Jay and .'Marshall, and that louring all questions of do-mestic S'xvtrv to the several States in which it exists,How he honored labor, fed the hungry, healed the the GentTk,'! Government ahall be relieved from all re-p.jclr, ahd literacy "went about, doing good." eponaibility for .its exten«iou or existence, and that the What a divine radiance has-He thrown around theskirt ss at the bottom, while in other articles it ie fr«-- *.*-!_:_'_••_-;1 -* - - -~quently made en point, and quite flat at front and oathsCOMPARISOM OF NEW-VORK AND VIRGINIA. Population. Asseiument, 1850. "Native Illiterates.'fOommandingJ. N . Mai JU considered so thoroughly diutinguo as extreme shn'|75,868 *Nalive white adults who could neither resd nor write.Work is worship, und we only imitate tfte great aouueovania.InthatlistthenameofThomasW.Howewas metendingaspossible. Thisluxurious8impliiif.yUthe withbarkAlbbn li\\hi\e on tho other hand, if bien faites and bUn porta, i **}*' _ porltf, ITeachers in" Volumes in No.cf papers ti Yearly public schoola. pub. libraries, periodicaia. issue.ployed. Wo Bee His working in. the.falling of the ge-nial showers, in the bursting forth of vegetation, in the should demand the frugality and economy in the use of maturing of those fruits of. ills bounty which feed all the public money shown by our early farmer Presi- animated nature, in the power which upholds the earth, dents. We should demand that, in order to repair thear.d sends the planets in their courses; which kindles mis-chief of repealing the Missouri Compromise—that?nerC03irAIUlIV£Ll' TREE AND .SLAVE COVKTIBS IN VIRGINIA.and keeps alive the life-giving, sun and those count-evening dress, tar-|«trniuacmaet bead a Bromj lataue aiyl Chambery gauze are much worn, generally j ^ N<>> 1^9 in the center.COMPARISON OF FREE AND SLA VE CITIES. •23,241plicity.Dresses,mantles,bonnets,everytiiingasua- Oct.li>,lat.2955K?apaj ^vTYORK DAILY TRiBTlNE, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 23, 1860.Tmtrader it.- ' g | ^fth wlsttew-^rhe eon<.r|Prssidency. < .I regret that any Virginia gentlemen should so over- Brooke 52,441 1,816,591 25 10 5.023 01 far^blue arch above us. And what an example of ac- lating to the public Territories, shall bo restored to theAcr<>*. 43.739Southampton:.335 691 1,068,103 3 01 7.7C6 5,755 Ore«nville....156,988 427,173 270 1,854 3,785zneaeurpjustlydenouncedbyMillardFillmoreaeaPan- dora's box—the administration of tbo Government re-way.Suchiethe enthueiaemofthe peoplethat it isValuation. Perasre. Freemen. Slaves $1,181,512 8>23 75 4,047 3with a foule ot narrow flounces. With whitsthej f „.•• . -lessfireswhicheparkle with.eternal brilliancy in thetop the line of social ethics as to make a grave report, Ohio .....59,731 2.C25.&51 8100 17.812 164 tivity ard untiring energy was shown in the life of Je- wi«e policy of .Washington and Jefferson, and that thetried to improve my mar»y and varied opportunities for may erelong cover me. may their first spontaneous though my whole property lies in the city, and i'e do' ized, at the foundery in Spny ten Doyvil, by ipjoet probably be comparing the mults of different institutions upon thecate the diffrrenf influenced of Freedom and SHypry and waa/Cver the iridns»ricu8 poor man's steadfast There never was a greater* and more common mis- Vaddea." — I on the condition of the governing; classes, leaving the friend^ I recently heard a Southern member of_Con- take tbsn to suppose it necessary tbat we should live. Secretary, Le«is L. Delifield; Treasurer, JoJjuslaves entirely out of our consideration. I well knew gress^lay that white men could not labor in the South On the contrary, it is absolutely necessary that we Bicknelf; Ex<ctttive Committer Messrs. b C Ifer^yfomieheetheKI should find in New-England a wonderfal .perfeo- in our exceptive hi at, -and hence he argued the neces- •honld not live long, as jn Jbat event we should become Sorymser, Duke, and Durk«e. Speeches wflredsBv!Ipse by yonr paperthat The Express- does not ad-vertfcetke Hon. Washington Hunt'B appointments) inthis S-ate, 601 thought I would inform, you of toiswhereabouts, so that you might notice him, should yonthink proper. Ho spoke at Delhi, Delaware County,on Tuesday; av. Prat settle on Wednesday; and; atWindham Ceatxe, in this county, last night. I reardhimatPratts-viHe,andamoredecidedfailure I neverbeard. His stock In trade ia the abhfe of the North to*ward the South by.saying to them, you shall not ex- lis South had been &g cons'antly diminishing. of diseases, including ev\7^ j .expect to find su^h an improved and superior condition nof agriculture, and to find that thek hard and «H*y • forms', of. onr.. laboring w^He irte - ". . blown tut of existence. The,only thing reajg soil'had been constantly increasing la jroduC^* m Km MM & aw*; ^ idHKmty set raryforusistbakwhileweliveweebailb*:;l0bioltoApower a*d fertility* while the .njjturp"7 better .soil of by honest tou~m .then-exemn^ foJ truth and duty,TOGod arid hujna»^ that, dying, we m ft w 1 l o l e C1M0 ;t, inflammatory may leave memories per"iSmed with such odors or in-eagerly sought for, the Aseociation adjourned to meet next Saturday evening at the same place.^SgethisimUthr, to tho exunt.of cop, ^|everybody in tbe JoyaJ. ^^_ never seen, ipxr*->tltend Slavery in the Temlories, and the sectionalism ofthe Republican party; He said he was in Congresswith Lmcoln, and he was a very clever, honest man,but he (Hun^rnor Lincoln never dreamed that hewould b« President; j h d because i% was not dxsA»teuupon, he should not aspire now to the station. Thatwas the inference; and I wanted to tell hin that Inever dream* d,-when supportinj? him for Governor,that he would now he supporting- Donglaa for Presi farms without this advantage, robbed of their dae important auxiliary in effecting other reforms, we severed by the tyrants' axe may have rolled upon aNever till 'fcep, &<\ Xso fully appreciate the advantageto the fo)jB«r of having his workshop by the side ofhis fsTm. Thus it is tbat the farmers of New-England,Vy .tbe-.eonsamp'ion tot only of. all their products, the ^ ace for white men, and that we^lhould seek aging is the reflection that no effort horn but of muchofthe grain of the Sou'h and West re- ttP'ofher sphere of action with all convenient speed, for 01 reverence for God, and guided by love for otur ceived in exchange for Yankee notions in neighboring the great commandj to gain our bread by the sweat of kind wap ever mod» io vain. -The martyr to humanity, towjns, are furnished with an abundance of cfe*£p our brow, includes, of course, the less direction to go to freedom, or religion mayhave perished at the stake manures to improve and enrich their farmB.^»-while where we can live atd labor with impunity. As an or fallen the victim of an infuriated mob. Hia headshare of manure exported in their grain, become poorerand poorer, and thus it is that. Free States gain should eecure, instead of our present viva voce mode Woody scaffold Bis body mayhave rotted and hisan important triumph, over their lees fortunate neigh- of voting, the substitution of the ballot, in accordance bones be still bleaching upon some battle-field where with the practice of the most progressive and enlight- the minions of oppression have gained a temporary bors. It has been my fortune since 1856 to wander ened States of our Union—areform beneficent in every triumph over the defenders of right anH^ruth. But hemuch in most of, the Free States, to attend many respect, securing a greater degree of order at elections, has not died in vain. The story of his heroic life and and altogether favorable to the exercise of the unbiased death shall,still live to encourageand animate1 the greatdent. He never mentioned Breckinridge's name, hut denounced Yancey, Rhett & Co, He pitohed into yon editors for abusing him, and said the front of his .offending was because he refusedJ to follow you in your aggressions on Slavery. He s id he could not bear to be eensrated from his Southern friends, Hunt, Crittenden, Bell, Mangum, &c, and he never would desert them. • He said you accused him o coalescing. He said jou were nothing but a coalition, composed of some few Whigs, some Free-Soil Demo-crats, and connected-with Abolitionism, as shown ia making your nominations. First vou put on an Old Whig; next, a Democrat; and if there was an odd office, yon gave that to the Abolitionist*. He gave a history ofthe BeJland Everett Convention, and said that after they were nominated they concluded they could not be elected, and you tri«d to indace them to ca«t their lot with the Republicans; but they refused, because they were called old gent'emen, &c ; and that heretofore Jhey cast their votes at random, but now they should aim at the mark and fire, and the game would fall: but be did not tell us who would gather it. And he said he was not particular as to the man, if he was national. He called upon 0!d Whigs to rally in support of the Union and the Constitution. He made no converts here. The Democracy are very attentive to. him now, but they will have no use for him after the election. Col.. Z. Pratt stands as his Godfather here. Watch him. M.P. S—I forgot to say that Hunt, like Douglas, was here to revisit the scenes of his childhood, but riot to vi:it the grave of his father, as he moved away from here when 7 years old. He was born in the adjoining town, Ashland. >i.THE REPUBLICANS AND THE SLAVE • SP A TES.SPEECH OF JOHN C. UNDERWOOD, At Bollton, Virginia, Oct. 17, I860.FRIEXDS AND FELLO\V«.CITIZKKS: Look at the nat- ural capabili.i* s of the great State of Virginia and at her early history. A kind Providence has been emi- nently bountiful to her in the mildness and salubrity of her clhxa*e as compared with ler Northern neighbors, in the natural fertility of her soil and other agricultural advantages,;in filling her hills, valleys, and plains with coal, iron, salt,, gypsum, marl, lead, copper, gold, andot er minerals, ar^d her waters with fish and oysters inquaxtity and quality elsewhere unknown; in giving herannnexampltd number; of navigable rivera, reachingfar up into her territory, the best harbors on the conti-nent, and a central position in the Union, thereby in-, rous surrender of that power over their humble breth- their due share of taxation, and thus driven much of to bless with freedom tneix native lands; exiles be-<£bey sJI had wide brim^T «t the edges, and bad a cj ^fteoadvelY rabed «pca| -a^tly aeedy, »nd no m ftl.gjd for his reputation^ jfdown Broad Wiy. T h - 1 tfU shabbier tile, of the bl<388tor had a decided ar 04 ep, several times and jtide resemblance of iutt er/ tad one. The yoon;arge conventions, and to meet many thousands of my feiiowcitizensof those States, and whon I have Seenpermit the sweat of. forced or unpaid labor to poison system-of Slavei y. That system, pregnant with such the way of progress to all nations until the citzen. ofbright and beautiful countryJT Should he speak,evening was another evidence of the determination of jj,U but there WMeo&oc our German citizens to support the candidates of the ^bich an AnMriean ha- ^ Republican party, and to show their attachment to the 0X of hia store as a »pecitLincoln, with a large padlock upon his lips 1 As if tb/ ground, as. all boys seek tjbeautiful stanza of one of England's sweetest poets:" Full mony a gem of parpst ray serene,The dark nnfathoxnvd cavea of ocean hear;F.ull many a flower i« horn to olueh nn«e.en, And waste its uweetinesH on the desert air." 'Barbour1,intheSenateofthe United States,.'in 1824,of exclusivenees and aristocracy have confined their to be attributed. Some of the Pro-Slavery leaders hadMay we not hope {that our Legislature will ere longawake tC; tho importance ofthis aubject,and by its bene-ficent action from the turbid waters of ignorance and ob-scurity, somo gems of our genius, which, polished andrefin«d by eduoaticn in our future common schoole.mayyetfcln'nepikediamonds in the diadem of the State. "Iknow it/ would be regarded treason in me now torepeat* opinions of our revolutionary fathers, and per-' welcoming to our heart of hearts every"' man who haps to quote these w ords of our able Governor, James* si rocoeding to North E IUltuHigh as the Constifu'ion is, I appeal to nu' authorityTo the Editor of TH* N. Y. Tribune. .. V"SiR: Erie County it good for at least 2,000 majority Eoyal n i g h — th. ; tig *ffi2ftstill higher— to the patent held by. man directly from .same air, basking in the same 6unsbine, and alike re-his God, by which hisliberty and the right to its en- ceiving the smiles of the pame Almighty Benefactor, joyment was guaranteed. It existed before • constitu- we shall be apt', to regard, the place of birth lesa im-for the whole Republican ticket, and it ia more likelyto go above than below those figures. - Gotha, father of hia' Royal Highness the Prii'.bhrism, until the lias inoit significantly adopted a canefcr her emblem, which equally , and* strikingly typifies upon him at his birth was the sign • of tue covenant, ly if wo remember that the manger of a atable waae family concerning i..I congratulale you on the favorable prospect in the Consort, and uncle and father-in-law of her Majwt Kansas. When he -Ations or societies themselves. The image impressed portant than tho conduct and character of life, especial-the Queen, viz. :—The ladies to wear bL«; untiy to New-York^ ha E. C. S. eilk, plain inualin or long lawn, crape or IOYto assume the administration of the government inthe presence and hearing^ of the slave population;;.danger of creating false hopes and expectations of aid,and the supposition that their. own race or color orsympathizing friends at least, are about to obtain the. forward to the work of. the elevation, education and control of public affairs 1 Is such a course calculated equalization" of our people, on the one hand adheringplain muslin, or lorg lawn cravats and weepers, bl*ck-jswords and bucklee.. ifKras found >o canlain Uie oiBefore leaving Mr. Hoover'e, Mr. Yaucey came to Christendom, forced to debate with KJ even in their to promote the higheet degree, of quiet and content- liimly to the doctrine of State Rights and the reformatme and said he would like to make a complimentary .strongholds, and we may be confident that the cause mentin society ? '• hen of all domestic institutions exclusivelv by the ac- To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.visit to Mr. Douglas with me,.at a time when he w* advocate vrill gloriously advance under the genial We should always desire the prosperity of every tion of our State Legislatures; on the other hand, let SIR: In your notice of the Democratic Convention of would be most at leisure. By note ihe noxt day, I iniiuence of a free, lull, fair, kind, and conci iatory dis- class of our fellow-citizens laudably employed, but the us be guided with unflinching fidelity by the noble sen- the IYtb. Congre8sional District of New-Jersey, youcussion, for truth must a«-certainly be brought out by t,TM*,!-. «r TM* nf „„.. most Qirttingu-ished and lamented informed Mr. Yancey that I would call for him, av, such a diccufcsicn as fire by the collision of the flint and rich and powerful can take care of themaelves, while timentf of one of oureay'that Andrew B. Cobb, formerly State Senator, wasnominated, whereas it ahould have been George T. Cobb. The Hon. Daniel Holmeman, formerly>Speaker of the Houee ofAssembly, their strongest mau, waa first nominated by a vote of G6 to 26, but declined. "Strawsshowwhichwaythewindblows." Edsell is fuie of an election.appointed- hour, I found with 1/f.r. Yancey, Meesrs. •And what would be the eCcct of the reopening of the a sublimity of elevation as when we ptoop to lift the that all'ameliorations-must be effected solely by appealsAfrican slave-trade, now urged by many of our mis- lowly and unfortunate.. We should ever seek to better to the judgment and humanity df our fellow-citizen3, Baxter, Hubbard, atd Fisher of Virginia, ditcossing !the politics of the day. I asked Mr. Yancey sig- guided countrymen ? Wou d not the perpetration-of the condition,of that too-ofteR neglected class, which through legally-constituted authorities, and in strict-xdficantljif hobadbeenconsideringiheVice-Presi- dential project, alluding, of course, to" what h&d oc- curred at Hooverie. He archly indicated ia hie re-thiscrimsoncrimebringdownuponuathejustindig- producesthofoodweeat,theclotheswewear,the compliancewithourStateandNationalConstitutions.nationandexecrationofthewholecivilizedworld,and be suicidal to our liberties by increasing the amount asd proportion of ignorance and barbarism ?WemustrepelthemanyftlanderBagainstusbythe justice and moderation of our conduct. If unjustly whose hands . are hardened by habitual use, aha suspected, let ua live such suspicions, down. Washing-To illustrate the intimate dependence of generalply that he had now higher a»pirations. l a t h e weal'h and education upon Freedom, let us look at a sweat of daily labor. . [jton has: told uBin his Farewell Address, that "one of the expedients of party to gain influence and power in particular districts,'is to misrepresent the opinions and- -. -— opinionsaims of other districts." V How descriptive of thecourse of the present Administration of the self-styledDemocratic party. The principles and practices de-•' manded by* the necessities Of the times are, that the'Territories', being the common property of the people:shall bo reserved as "homes for the people, and.saved" from the terrible curse of, land monopolyandabsenteeownership,whichhasso.greatlyimpededthesettlementandprosperityofourownState.Our motto shculd be, laud for tho landless, and homeshousesweinhabit,allthecomforts,conveniences,and elegancies, of life—those honest manly sons of toil,J. L".T., ^feather has been unu*ua] a square hood? though our ck-gantes aeem 10 prefer thejToyage, In the Gulf ofwhese brows are baptized by the Heaven appointedof all things, when we are actively and usefully em- for the homeless; protection and encouragement for allincluded. It should have been Thomas M. Howe.—It ia sometimes difficult to get up a politicwl mtet- or they make bothwearer and clothes appear common;J g"T M W W U "T? meffeminate, and all sorts-of lazy people, who actPopulation. Wealth. Wealth pt-r capUa. upon the principle, that the world owes them a inderthe leadership ofthe venerable Chief JusticesientedL Virginia assessment are rockoned as property, and most menial employment, es our great exemplar con- liberties and union»of the Country shall be 'inviolably hRd been advertised to speak, had not received the no- ing. Bouillons form one of the favorite trimmingifor reeerved from domestic treason as well as from for-I trust that The Courier and other journels which make a considerable share of the amounts. Without descending to wash J-lis own disciple*' feet, thus teach- ^5gn force. . - tice of postponement, and was called on for a speech L'ght dresses, aaalao on robee for evening wear. Longthis addition, the contrast would ba much more favora- ing us in the loudest rjoeriblc language that every laborFor the maintenance of thofie principles, relying upon the moment he appeared. He made an excellent ad- pa.U»io'e,demi-8Jastes, with a collar and wide ale*?**, are considered tne most faihlCnable. Some are wade that power which guided our fathere through tho perils dress, which the audience received aa eo much clear in amixture of cotton and wcolt and with pockets, bavaof the.Revolution, lot UBall addreaa ourselves to the gain in advance of the regular meeting which is yet a fctnart appearance. Gray, trimmed with a ribbon,^^—-ard independent judgment of the elector, and well and good in future times. The retributive and'avengiog-my fields, and would he as'unwilling to call any manslave as to acknowledge any one master, I have notdealt in denunciation of thoBe who differed from me inprecept or in practice. Feeling that the evils of Slav- could be brought from Washington to dislodge them. •was throwing its deadly shadows over our otherwisegg and turning, tbe boy , dered bim to get out c: t confusion, got more and Tancey laehed bim mcel *bip. Dr. Earle was BCJ kome through town, aweakness and insecurity as to ptrmit a mere handful of invaders to hold one of our flourishing towns nearly two days, .and until the forces of the United StatesRepublicans were not sufficiently insulted by its exhf bitioh in the Douglas procession, it was afterward so pended from a tree with in a few feet of the speake: stand. The Branch County Republican gives the f lowing sketch of how another, feature of the meetJfailed:of moderation, justice, andtilself denial. •; The names ofth^fe who have been equal to this great virtue willever be cherished in the memoirs of the noble and true.Who will forget Dioclesian, CharlesV.,Richard Crom-well, Lafayette, or the Ruesiau Alexander, who has properly Irom assessment for the purpoeea of taxation .boasted "land of the free and home of the already achieved greater glory by the emancipation of at more than one-fourth its market value, and has at brave?" It will be a victory which shall encour- his serfs than did hia Grecian predecessor by the subju- the same time fazed at full value all tho non-alavehold- age the hearts and strengthen the hands of the friendsour exhausted treasury Home $200,000 to paniah a single offense against tbis peculiar prop*rty, and $500,000 for arm a to defend the ey a' em, b a a establish* d a constitution- al bulwark for the slaveholder, preventing his peculiarJ>r. Earle femad Yanoty and in marchkg upon himi with a pisteL Theee arjAmericanism. While cherishing a lively sense of grati- homes, and like Garibaldi, by their wisdom and patri- tude for the debt we owe a Lafayette, a Pulaski, a otism shall establish for Europe's down-trodden mil- De Kaib, a Steuben, and many other brave Europeans liona the principlee of Republican equality, of libertyonr mount ains the hidden coal to warm and enlighten n illions of our race, to quicken into motion and activitymagnificent enterprises of the age'. of brotherhood^ tarnishing them hornes and privileges • »Vii-ginia should aVso establish the poliav that fie as becomes children of the same Almighty Father. THE STRUGGLE IN INDIANA. .property of the State must educate the children of the Nor should we forget the benefits to our country and To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribune.State. Burke was right in his apserrkm tbat the edu- our own posterity, resulting from a hospitable welcome SIR: Yon have heard what a glorious victory .we!A. H. GRIMSHAW. I morning,at9o'clock, sheI plemenU and performed he The editor says " she present'j ince." • "•;, I —H« BalttJHort Patriot sall parties interested in the movement, and especially toeral Botany Bay, and pouring into our seaports thepublic paupeisand criminals tbey^should punish or pTo-plantat;ons which in the East have l>een both wasted vide'for at home. As A&erieans we ought not to for- thousands of work-shops and rail-cars and steamboats. and deeerted by slave labor, and by bringing into culti- get, however, that we are but ateward8 for the benefit It shail fill all the lovely region of Western Virginia vation the wild forests, and developing the vast mine- of our race, intrusted with this wild, magnificent, and with the happy homes of Free Labor, of well-rewarded ral resources ofthe West, which have been passed by inviting country, demandingoultivation and created for .industry and refinement. It shall dot our country all and neglected, from their supposed connection with an asylum, to the oppressed and persecuted of the over with school-houses, and temples of worship, from Slavery, furnishes the most practicable plan to extend kindred and crowded people of Europe with whom we which anthems of Freedom shall continually ascend, as the empire of freedom and education, and is to the pa- are bound by the most sacred ties of humanity to incense to Heaven, bringing down blessings innumera- triot and philanthropist one of the meet inviting and share this God-given heritage with all the rights ble upon a grateful, a rejoicing, and a regenerated laud.the favored localities, but by restoring to fertility the old7 to our'European brethren.. Not to speak of the ob-cation of the people is the cheapest rational defense; vious and immediate increase of national power and have achieved in Indiana. Douglas spoke at thisdisgracefulCollege grounds, fchortiv after the arrival ofthe Roy a *of the States of this Union, shows most conclusivelythat public prosperity baars an almost mathematical;.4 the activitiesof social and domestic life. Nor should Norman intermingling with the native English; and district once represented by Gen. Jamea H. Lane,Mr- Michael Waller llobinson, of Fulton, Mo., uisition to that old and a i-1 screly aggravated at b*ing thus troddenu pon, and —The RepubL'cans. la u.s jwe be content until great additions are made to the the still greater commingling of racea in our Own land, now of Kansas! It is his native district. The people meane of educating the poor and neglected children of producing a still nobler condition of. physical, mental, here all know him. Fortunately for us Mr. H. P . our people. When we look at the educational returns and moral endowment, will see in triese instances ofof the last census, and consider the immense amount of obedience to the voice of. nature an encouraging re- Johnson and Col. M. H. Delahay, came to this' districtignorance around us, of the number of poor white chil- ward for a generous discharge/ of dn*.y. Looking on just before our'electionj and spoke in-every part of the dren precluded bv poverty from the possibility of men- the other hand, at the efleminate deterioration of na-tal or moral culture, we are reminded of-a sad and tions and,of families, that yielding to the narrow ideas district. To their efforts much of this great change i3proportion to the degree of freedom enjoyed by the in- habitants, including, of course, that most useful and productive claw, the laboring peoplo of the. Stale. The free laborer will prodace ana eave as much and con- sume and wa3te as little as he can. The slave, on the contrary, will produce and save as little and consume and waste as much as possible. Hence,states and countries filed with tho former class muBt .necessarily flourish and inorease in wealth and population, arts, manufactures, edu- cation, and all things? valuable, because they are animated by all the vigor ofthe wii; while State3 filled with the laUer cta&a must exhibit comparative stagnation, because it is a universal law of nature that force and fear end in ruin and decay. We have an in- structive example of the one cl&aa in the activity, en- terprise, prosperity and intelligence of New-England, ax d of the other in the pitiable condition of poor South Carolina—a State lhat, by neglecting the teachings of herMarions, andfollowingherEutlers,herBrookses, her Iveitts, and her •Quaulebums, in the race of arie- tccre.cy.and Africaniz<ttion, is rapidly sinking into agricultural sterility, bloated egotism, and brutal bar-"her military resources, and that imbecility ana decrepi- and should have been the shield against its violation." the place of the most illustrious birth that ever blessed tude which, wiihbct something to lean upon, must But I may, perhaps, most respectfully inquire whether the wcrld. What, then, remaios to us but to flintr to inevitably fall into speedy death and dissolution^ there be not danger in constantly'sbind&riog opponents the breeze'that banner beau r>g upon its folda tlie'in-These instructive examples sliou'd convince us that and applying the epithet of ",black" to the party about scriptkn, " PEACE,. PROGRESS, AND PROTECTION,"raising hie cane, struck Marehal Sanderaon on the * Robinson was arrested and taken to the lockup. Southern students, sympathizing with their felloyr. (whether rightly or hot we are not advised) madd rush for the.officers and demanded the release of f prisoner. Thia waa refoaed. One young man, wh name we believe is Wm. G. Stone, of Varsaitles, Ky.of Bensseiaer C01151y. hi Cbansler Ball, who in >.\e Whig and American • r - i\ of inch sterling quahu.such fitneas for atauoc^ m cularly .deebrable, that we r<|s'ympathiea and associations to their own limited cir- cles, the folly of selfish exclusion seems greater even than the guilt. Striking examples of tbis folly may be seen in many of our own proud fami'ies, who, refusing allconnectionwiththe profane vulgar, havemarried in and in, until their present representatives have little more than half common sense, and, like all other proud flesh, have become worse than useless execrc-aeuces of humanity. • •no more sense than to attack Gen. Lane's character- calling him a murderer, <fcc. He defended himself against all these accusations, and poured euch a volley of hot shot into, his assailants that their influence with the people is entirely gone. Whenever we get in a tight place in this district, we will have Gen. Lano. Three cheers for Lane, Delahay and Johnson, and.was alao arrested, and taken away. Thia made th\_ . . ^ ^ matter still worse. After it waa found that the Maraltalnnoh eatufactton.Let us be Americans, in the truest and highest sense•Wznoer of the family. Icqd " LOKDCHAMBERLAIN'SOFKICK,SEPT.^.—Ord-^^*®*00^^0^."1"^* we^ows a genuine love of. liberty'and his fellow man. Influenced by euch Americanism, while beholding our fellow men all ranging the same earth, breathing tire/ERIE COUNTY.apah*oncebelongingtoGj ^ ^ J a a d been taken from Co). 1T ^ - C o b S M ' to« * * • * * *school sister Stateo of Ohio, Pennsvlvama, New-Jer-pow'been reatored to ite rhj —The Marquis de Rai ^and with our fellow-ckixens of those States marcliA -Yours, &c. .ALFRED CATELY, Bubiness Agenfcfor Gen. T om Thumb.the labor of the country, South aa well aa North. Weduties of our day and generation, and may we not be diverted from onr ateadfast course by any egotistic or atheiatic fca,rfl oi'loaa by a fiUyhfuj discharge of obviousUntitled Document^—:——- — -~ www.fultonhistory.comto corns off.and wi|k large buttons of the same color, is a favorite.Those m black taffetas are-more dressy. TherareAnd now. when Tmk and Russ are loosing the burdens of their people, and chains and manacles areright. When Dr. Earle r Ucii, and found that -i HJ turned to Greenvike in M< big the pluck of Dr. Earithree more for the speedy admission of Kansas!.Greenburgh, Ind., Oct. 15, I860./ — —s.ing for the stepmother of Prince 'Albert. ia as fellows:keacua Tne ordefP° ** i ^State and nation. .BvJTalo, O c t 21,1360.To the Editor of The N. Y. Tribvne. ' .SIR; Gen. Tom Thumb authorizes me to contradictthe htatement that h«» has joined the " Little Giant Club" (Uoue-l&t) of Bridgeport.' The General has no time to devote to poll- _ . . — _„.--^ vopeltics at present, his private buuinees occupving all the time he hashoods, black silk shoes, black glazed cloves^y^erious box, which fc»iand black paper fans. The gentlemen to w> e, and which .had excoejblack cloth without buttons on the eleevea or pocktte,TMft should turn out to be aiiMorrittoun,Oct. 10, 1860.• -capuchon vicillc femme, on account of its being morefe^,^ ,becoming to the figure. Both paietota and burnous aretranced a ieevere nortbeaat generally trimmed all around with Borne opposite *st., and has had etronir. color. In the country, droiees are worn eiigbtlylooped up; so aa to take the okirt oil* the erreuud. Un- There is nothing of mil derneath ia worn a colored petticoat, oither black and fiavaaa.white or black and gray. £?o etaring coljrs areallowuble. The tight sleeves, which have been laid The United Stales acrid on one-aide during the Summer season, have againmade their appearance. Nothing ie at • pretent Panville left.CORRECTION. .'•••has been formed' ••$??!? ??$*!i ,ou5 ?f ihii 8tro»gtdWfl of the Demoo- or a chonx of ribbon. W e have noticed some witi an" T h epen on wheels in the procestion, went afteradarl^who resides about four'mil's south of here, and offejhim $6 to go with them. He consented, was broojto this village, and lock'.d in a bam while his emplers went to their dinners. This treatment the dar) \ tectedin the falsehood, , did not like, and while remaining in * durance vihorrid thoughts came in' o his mind. He 'suspected ftthe treatment he was receiving that his employersJdesigrs upon his liberty, and his thoughts involuntreverted to Southern chains and slavery. At lastcould stand it no longer. He broke out of the b«and the last that was seen of him he was met b;farmer, some three miles south of here, on a full r;escaping, as he supposed, from kidnappers and bdDouglaaites wanting. .POLITICAL HISTORY.Jerable Peter Cooper were 1 Sin: On page 62 of " A Political Text-Book fbijTheeeambition*pant&Joof18G0," in enumerating the names of some of those who vot^e Ckr, " c a m e up on t i e b.eaJ for the preamble and resolutions on the subject of Slavery • » {he cravat, and at each be «v| tension, passed by the Pennsylvania Legtslature'"Dec. 16, 181S» _„n.- • . L / t * 1 you say -William Duane, editor of The Aurora, then the D e 2 B u L l d E ^ « ** toP ^ ^ <* ocratic organ, also voted for the resolution*." William Duan| **> " * J*&i hke a third eys < was the editor of The Aurora, hut the gentleman who was bfbetter to admire his Hlgbnti the Legislature was William J. Duane, the ton of the editor, e » „_Tn0'h o* U ' t A intimate friend of Gen. Jackson, and for a brief period Secretar|j J^T ^ « P € c l a o m l J , G » oftheTreasuryunder,Jackson,untitherefusedtoremovethe*••P°rthicd pap«rsiyath. deposits from the United States Bank. Mr. William J. Duanf VOUBg lady" of that city OSis Btill living in Philadelphia. As your book Mil he kept fill ^ e would carry a do2en orage." •to have anegroin arjreference, I have deemed it proper to ask that in future editions) 1 ! - „ i U l t _ i _ t i , kthis error shall be corrected. Delaware is coming on hravelr*/;_f. ^ ^ J r * Republicanism is gaming daily. Yours, truly, lienee, Tbeoffer was a-cejPERSONAL, •—On tbe occurrence ofthe Prince's visit to Haxvarof lOss Mattie Tajtor, dftBghteil College, some disturbance was made by Southern sta-f bgton, Ky., and a relauve dents, the history of the affair being thus told bym ham received from .the _Boston paper: " A rather* | >rocch, eormonnted by his :occurrence took place in that rteaaurs her company afford 1would not grant the release of the priaoner, the stajdents proceeded to the lockup and arreated Stone. He!wae carried on the ahouldeiaof th^ atudents to D*a<eHall, and the anger teemed to subside." P & w m a money to the l*Mvv^^*^- T h e 'English Court go into rather eerious moomf*TM TMud onby maav p , ^beat criterion of taste and style, for the various articlesOct, 19,1st. 30 19, k>v mutt bo well made, and worn with elegance and taste, iaiWrnaated achoone>Tke Washington Sta:mi1 ? °  