 oarwhich, a**!!ffwaa te sad m two «"** " . . j -an ananardt •*» tamo• * T ^ T S S f f^Cara\Eorthe 8pana*aaf,aad wfllgrrewill a*tlif haJnlLSf •*** letUtmiB of ottBiMMO tad itrans, ^2r.TM-tpi»dt«)pweatth« freedom of speechr«ht to pared threeham thetolyroa""** *f^Mf^ZZOar commerce would sat• • ' i T J ^ » 7 m \ m Ba aha "Ett»* wem»-,tsenwhoareaowrjnag ate whew, who may deeMe to prortacoccrp did.BftaOK^.*itfc a matt vigorous buntcheer, while he quietly bowed w tbe audience, and itnotsui' because tbe men werebeach. Tha a t h e third strand of the cable. 1wfll except tba two thousand mil•»*•••* & ctear mee tbat the -A s t e r n arttcte" a the A.t»met wentyjt bwTn* aeeta: government hoc* woawmwa tbai , r i h J i i n a 4 b;«efh» U*» *> tha pjoe- 1ftwuami*^j^'^w B » wereMAwof here TsEateemdt myihetif MtrMMagosBADDITIONAL PABTsCULABS.Mww Oauuxs, March 10,1M0.wnaitajBOittbo tatgo of Tern Orat on tbo atbOc tbe Btb'two steamera appeared before tba aty,tftatdtt taow their colort. Ctmattatar Jarva.tb'refore, ordered tbe aaratoga, with detaebmentt fromGtmnas— I goo ao reason why the an her flag float over tat swelling milbona of i imi—rlal to the democrtte of the Northern States, that tbe lubjectof an address would be to Bar literature droops, her religion bangi her thereis.nghfnllyornot, inch a hatred of wealthenaamar tbe datotntka of the Unioa, taswM oomawn say hmdTSmi the dust. hatred of aratneraey in tbe Saxon of tbetherehefins thesystem, U it were not for tbe hatred of tha negro- Y ea knowrthat kOence was restored, and hoMM <mi Mtson<****•*••* »«•• •*• nMiwi thehotcbmatoof to*. ^7 u u A Aftd, tB OIWIIliaaOt Of thto ^L^JTaandTto bamh.de the port oftrouble or give anyone aay offence. What are we all* aaatWma. wttb only ma object—tbe welfare of thirty milnoBs of peopa—tbmktog m m , with one great pur pom, the suecets of t a b magnificent experiment of self government. There is the baaa of every man's etvil Ufa. New, tf one man thinks there a oae road to that goal, and another man differs, aad selects a different route—if each » full j- persuaded in bis own mind, why eheuid there be any tenderness and sensitiveness about tbe discuatkm of a great public question'' It would look as if there exatod somewhere a ban* ooatcioua doubt of the actual value of tbo Union. This timid, sensitive, thrinkiag, cautjous,That is our country, and you know 1 do not exaggerate it meant thai there a notntrg he would like bettor than to Slavery to stronger. Veil, you atk me " What do you strangle them both in bit righthmd and bteleft Pata crcpese?" 1 propose to look for a moment at bow tbe heb corporation before a jury af poor m m , aad ao matter Union supports slavery, and I want to show you tbe rat- whether the corporation rae jaattoe on its side or aat, they ions why I wah to gat rid of the Union. In the first win have no verdict Wah mat etement wo eoute kill thepanmata aft m toeyahaahavea. vfflateaorNewa a aA^idTasa'eJew M reem* to pees at or am They tbe Savannah and Preble, on tbo steamera IndlaaoJaand—rail tm aaito* craft,»that there Wave, to proceed to tbo tftfaejtaj tad ascertain theBaee Mr. McLane bat kf;, I am aorry to aay that Ame suamers, that they cleared from Havana aa merchant should not they both be heard? 'Seance,' says lordpast a the lamp by wheb 1guide my steps for the fttare. Now I have got the slave power on one side',which bas been uniformly successful up to this moment,and I have got a public opinion on tbe other ' wan: toanalyze tbem. What is toe slave power' In tbe first One man undertakes to take a man by tbe throatrwac Keck and prestige baa iaiiea ooaalderabiy, aad Wever ttia pretence waa aaaded bare, i t i a a o w . t o meet men, aad hoisted tbe Mexican flag only after they toft tbaBacon, "lights her torch at every man s candle In the great momentous wane or a self governed and thoughtful people, every man should be diligent to have an opinion and bold to utter it That is all we claim to-night—the whole of it Which way shall tbe problem be settled? If the argument reals upon tbe other aide, there will go the millions. If it rest* with as. there will go the public thought. You may my from Paradise down to today that two and two make five; but it will not alter the weight af the planet Jupiter any more than grasshopperstakes place'' It bumf That is God's way cf teaching tbe Gorper? 1 regret to say not. Fees tt come from du»- her not to put her band in the fire. That is natural law. mterttiedBeetf Not a bit of it It bM aome becauseineae Br,txa dipinmatic compiwaiioaawbjcb are about be teg •• eaubhabed ' by tbe Br.tab government, aad aim to reator* OCT mflaence to tbe tbe atate in walcb be left U.and trample upon bim. steal be babies from him,kisgt and nobleman wanted a baaa out of which to get u s e s , and tbey said we cannot get tbem out of beakers, but we can get tbem out cf merehaca aad asechantes. Come mto being, therefore, art—atprtog mto exTbet e m great Tiataaiama here among tbe I man nana ofUua government, aboat want action Capi. Jarvia intends THE lU>$0Lrri0\ OF THE riMON. to taae m itopeisg tbaexpedtooacf alarm, bat from what1 can gather to-day. la ceaveraaboawith aome of tbe officara of ear aaoadreo bete, and mo4enui ramnraaaiepped oy Cap*. J., I am led to bei»ve that tbe beet ofMaisa would fare badly aboard it make ita appearThis is an age of money—an ag* of the supremacy sainthood. I only say that it is manbood. (Applause. > istence tiade—come Holland with your ttowing of monev. Two tnoosaEd million cf dollars That s*ems tbe natural law. Jeremy Bentham says, m wealth—come France. Huguenots. full of ait— in a nation avtly descrir-ed as !ov ng meney tbe prcfounciesi cf his political treatise, that the ax&locra- ccme Lancashire wilh your looms, and tbey came so much that* they would leap over tee cv Lave e v e r surrendered a right that was not bulled bringing freedom with tbem. springing from aeaaaaeee. result, poison. I>oes he put in any ri^w element'; Is rid of them Tts.' is a record of history God's way of So South Carolina will free her bonomen. Again Ken- there any wholesome potion infueedv None' What ( i , rrttecricg a class i« to let their for^s protect tucky will look across the river and aay there's Ohk.. the bitterest ingredaat ,in tbe draught in the too much themselves Now, South Carolina puts ber heel upon Wha: is my property worth without a fugitive save loved Union* Add to it (laughter) cue half of ter popuaticn. What fi? God's law- That ctouse - Some night their property would take legs aad edy And that is catted statesmanship Tnat is the reiE- tbev ebonld rise ui< and fight for it Why don't tiioy ^ be absent next morning, and then she would look to New matchless satire tbo traveller met a la Dean Swift s Because we stand bere as the police Mr. Underwood, of York, scd instead of seeing Bynders and I*xtor Sprague. Kectoriy, savK, a«Vrespicg the North. •' We owe to you,the Aicenvum being always conaidered. The public •tc !0&.e arrangtuan;, oy tbe sacrifice of aoeee of their tav.rg been dury warned that It woeM be aeceamry to be pr.s...» ,ea. and the- are BOW cc&sequentiy I artier from eariy oo band if they waned to bear "tbe rdver tongnedI'fcrases. We mourn the statesman of M\rsh3eld, in his great fall of March 7. 1850, but even be mid, "liberty and Union,' putting Idberty first •nd I'aton afterwards. The republican representative ir. I960, sayr. "the republicans swear to tb- Union, andactual treat, the good people of Brooklyn crowded into Ora SPECIAL WASHINGTON DESPATCH. tbe Atfcen.com- Tbe result of their experience will beWaflDDtcioa, March SO, 1M0 tbe Becrttary of tbe Navy received tbe following late last aight, wbicb details very briefly tbebetter gathered from a perusal cf the lecture itself.during granite tba record that they were ebo.iion.st*We have drifted sixty years on your sacred. almost divinesea of tbe Union, and the man that makes ba bid for tbeIn 1TT0 we set tbe text for tba program of the race upon Presidency conceals the fact thai he is an abolitionist anu 1 will tell vou why. 'If there a a republican elected inheavier than age: such M our fathers rose to resist. John Brown, their friend, i- a criminal, and ju.-'tly bung Out oi that discussion can you get an mii-ien'V tbat will beat down such a savery as 1 d< scribe to you • Never. All that I ask is tnat each man shall make up his mtnd for himself that tbe steve bM s right to nherty Tbat Is justice and rigb: If you can go ahead under toe constitution and a v e that then do it. I T . Day told me t e o days ago that be saw brought mto ba Masouri prison, kidnapped for Kansas Territory, a young black man twenty-two years old. Bis bands were manacled. Amidst ba sobs he articulatedthe cay w .to thai aad anotner steamer, and aotobowiag hisladies and gentlemen were all m good humor.ia*.e it nst b*cause it is aovel. but because you will allow it •s masterly— because you will allow it a deliberate—be- cause no man can depute its historical accuracy Mrs'StE by the right to .Deurrectioc. Mark yon I am not asking the save to rae 1 am not urging mm to nee. I cniy say. take c if your foot and leave him leave the Atg'o Saicn and the African tc write out their own mat,tond title by taking ha life m bis rght hand and tie* np a thousand miles through all the perils of death, and put- ting bis foot upon the street* of P artes which ought to have been a sueiter He looked into the cilice of the Chief Justice of Massachusetts and said. --Have you any refuge for mev" and with voice broken by emotion the representative* «,:' tbe law snu tbe commonwealth aaid, - It to a hard case I cannct nailicue its right-, but I must announce the law ' If tbat tgtbe Union you like—if tbat a tbe Union j o i are willing to bring up your children to love, ;f tb*- peo pie of thirty States can regard the Union as "almost aa cred"—If the statesmen bave no other name for It than "divine " although they "caenct vindicate it right, bat only announce tbe law —then, I try, set me with tbe black man and record traitor against my same side me with tbe rebel who baa DO purpose in life but to tear down tnat governmentbidmooia and Wave, waa ordered to proceed to thewhat Mr. Phillips would do to-morrow eight Be nadnef s the history of this government He makes it a failure up to this moment He saysthe fathers compromisedon the slavery question. They made three distinct ele-ments of compromises. They allowed the temporary es-tablishment or permasion of tbf save trule: they a!lowed tbe recapture of fugitive slaves So he states: andfrom that time commenced a struggle between slaverylarity in crder to deceive you for half an hour (Hear, lor instance, stands m keen competition in tne 19th centu hear.) My object, fellow citizens in coming here to rv. What is tha r All of us are trying to make a living night is to endeavor to add an atom, a tr.fle. something We get up early and lie down late ; we educate cur brains to the weight of public opinion 1 believe ir it as the u> the interest"; we harness the steam , we s;nd the light ultimate final kiaa of this country--pubLc op.mon You Ding on errance ; the little child that can juat toiler begins may build your Capitol cf granite, and grout it with .roc, to do something ;and tie mas 60 years of age contributes and tbe pulses of a £irls heart will wear ;t down, only he mie We a:: woik New York works from the give her Late enough 1 believe :t Mntmcnt and thought HuCsct back to the Falls and after eating andanchorage of tbe ataameva, off Anton Lisardo, and aecer been requeaiod to aay that a lecture would be given by asm their caarac tor Upon Bearing tbem one of tbem was Wendell Phillips, of Boston, at the Cooper Institute to-own to oemovmg ofl, wBenaabotwaa ftrad ahead of her tobrtag ter to, and tbe 1ridtangle seut to overhaul her. The purpose of moral reform. With referecct to tbe lecture bail from tbe In lunula waa rep jed to oy a fire from tbe of this evening, the Committee of Arrangemeo^-ofwhich he w-e not a member—had rcqoested him to make t'a-ffQBS. and a vol fey of musketry, when tbe certain explanations. Mr. TVIton then went en to ex-war nsiiaert of Miramont governmanl, ami tayt — 1am a charge of one of aba nawwi. Tba Preble ac,w.thtaemajorityoftheprawaeriof facta as stated by city. Mr. TQton o'clockonMonday sexton of tbe church toof tbe evening papers of thatto expain how, up to seven ,itbecamenecessaryfortbehis speech. Eulogy of the Union. The cauldron has been turned and stirred for sixty years; tbe President of tbe United States that stirred tbe seal of CaptainByndere. (laughter.) Hecouldnotbeartolet1 WM mobbed. tan years ago. in the Broadway Tabernacle, do ycu suppose it WM New York that mobbed me? No, indeed l it W M tbe South, legitimately—it W M tbe Union It wat t remark in regard to the opening of bell to get at it. (Laughter) Two thousand million of dollars beld by whom? Not a miiiinn of peo- ple, but a concentrated small number of educated men. Concentrated power is doubled Again, this it a kind of property alien to the spirit of the age. against which tbecapute a gcirg on in Virginia, that in ordar to makemen's labor worth anj thing you must educate it. "Educate my slave' My throat an't safe." He a right Bducateasave Ycumightbeatalocomotivereuhot.andride it into a powder magazine, and you would be a pru-dent man compared to bim who would educate his alavet(Ajpaije i Yet South Carolina mutt do it before thecan support a republican government. Leave her,by a datolution of tbe Union, to adjoat |berlaws by the laws of political economy. Myyoung friend, the slave does n« ask far anorderlymanner,aad have been waitingpatient!v for your rifle. Take your awkward Yankee proportions,>tny tbeohips at Tata «ma am oary tsmrt of where, and iin abatr object at i> partmaJarry brand. u « * f . H ^ ^ for aay tbuaauddealy tbnrhe wants. Let the idea of God's lews and God's joatix Seymour, the eoatrsctor. It states that they ham' be. "No, 1 dent want it," tatd I; "Stop, come back, tion ever knew. He Hung down tbe gauntlet of go down. They wQl melt ba chains without your aaaat pabeativ for their aaaey, until they bateM have Tera Crux at waaH^it in tbo rstmiilthat to on all aidPlymautb cbarcb and mpported to ha aabay," mid I, "a it republican to day or democratier' defiance to tba United States Bank, with 960.000,000 fSoatoroM laughter "i la that to consequence of the Em- cf capital. Behind it stood the sympathies of theance. Just tear that parchment to p.eoes (Hases and corrsge'd. «nd threaten personal wHenee to Mr.sppaute.) I have a great deal more patnottoa than youhave 1 believe tbat George Washington and John Harr onksr tbe matter aat once adjusted. There are at presentA k«nhart, eaoifleedtbo mttgrjtyof yoorpohtim;pert, and Bu&eeqeeaUy mounted six funs.place it is two thcuaacd million of dollars—for that isthe value of tbe slave poi>ulaticn—invested in cne kindof property. Well, you know the power of miner Tbe man up and knocks him down 1 do not my tbat isWENBIOL PHILIPS OS fHE %Vm. chirping m a meadow If I am right the next generation will side with me. How absurd lhat in a government based upon ideas, refemeg itself to conscience, governed by opinion, men should set themselves, up to be auvtfi Ji atoppiAv tbe cunaecLijn of tbia dpaniab nbbaa AH0THEB ABOLrriGN BID FOR SEWABD afraid of free discussion' Besides, if the ar-i a « t off tow cotat 1 hope tbe gaUant captain and aficarB may have aa opportunity to daatmg'aeb tbemterac, txpediboB of Marxi." Inji done, tbe Kage agatnat Vera Crux would at once be rawed. I aboald not oe sur • s r w e d tf t b a p r o p o a m o n o f C a n t A l d b a m m a y c a a a egument stands, as it is alleged, a union, reMing upon thirty millions of happy people, princely merchants, reverend divines, grave statesmen—can It beforty y-eart in extracting some beans Said be. "Have you succeeded''''man engaged for from cecum tertI>cctor T>ewy and the New York Oksemer. she would ee<* very different things. Y ou do not auppose tnat any humrn being, even a Caivinat. goes down upor. be Ully ami eats dirt for nothing. No, indeed It i* through the selfr-bness of the Yankee character that it .c c raUiaawfi w aae it as a pretext to aoaadon tn.e aiege, aod JOHN BROWN AGAW COWPARED WITH WASfWGTON irjured by tbe reckless words cf one unpopular man4n u i a .mmediataJy to Mexico,and tnoa get out of tbe lift c«jty «&>cb b« baa got timaeli' into, and aave aosoe better piiaffi M carry on tbe war m anotner quarter, or leaveme cwt'J > n eaae ac arauJLee ia ncu entered . titotbe jfexaa have cut cfi tbe cammunxationa entirelyaetaets Mexico and Miramon, aad are maiuag prepara nametolame* bim >ntb« rear.I have ,-it iearaed that Capt A returned from bn vantaltxwuoc. and teat c« n ormed tbe Secretary or Statemat aUrtmoii would eead a cammwaion to tbe govern-•an:, «Afi ac escor: anU tig of tx^ct, and oeaired tnebroeraole aerretary to aeni an o3iier and eacir: to reative tbe aao*. wbicb. by tbe laws o' war. tbe governmeet ouuU act ref^ee u> oo, out, on receiving tbo letter miaed iectoreef Mr Wecdeii Pbilipe. PibfTwijc called a akey iaccvereA .: waa direetad to Capt Aldnam utateaaWell, why do I speak to you to night in regard to the • merican Unton' Friends, I have no interest mthe Amer .can Union, except as an anti slavery matter. I have no interest in the civ.l affairs of your thirty-three States ex-TRE1809, STATiCEHS A«» ^POIL^,let tbe systemf oi>ey God's natural law"' If New York throws hersei into tbe scale she keeps tbe black race be low the white one. Is that the Union that you exactly relish or wbict you will teach your children to approve A g a i n . Mr . S e w a r d s a y s t h a t -r t h e f a m o u s c o m premise tbey alleged and agreed tbat tbe fugitive slave sfcoUd be rettirned-to his master I once travelled along the northern bark of tbe Ohio Although 1 WMgom^: to tne gayest of all welcomes, and tbe heart.est, I could not but tee, en tbe other side, Kentucky. Below me-wag a httie tciunktt. stream, whore a child mignt almost pad die amer . I saw on tbe ether tid<- of It a slave drajrging his weary step to his labor 1 mid to myself is that'.er.y that it might be a valuable machinery to a certain extent I don't stand bere to crtaciee it. A.i 1 say is that up to the present momen: it has tenner secured' liberty ncr justice. It has neither advanced tbe national character cor the character of our great men. Cailyle says that tbe great value of government a to educate men. Certain'y lame! Webster aaid, with much Dkore epigrammatic force, "Tbe merit ot the coloniev was that they produced Washington " Tbe fault of tbe Union is that it produced Webster (Hates and toud applause >It is a sad record. God gave as tbe beavwat Vram be ltLtthisgtoeTatk.it. From, his New Hampshire muiher be took ss much vigor and will as moat other men He promise'' to run a race of daunctioo and ttatef msnsfaip. Imbuing from New England atmosphere) tbe proudest and most generous priacipi s of liberty , you sent i. m to tbe maeatrum ol tbe Union, potent enough tc swallow up virtue stronger than ha Yo-i added bim to the bet of those that mark tb>- parbws/ cf the Union in wrecks of good reputation, skaletooa of statesmen who have betrayed their country It is no matter of rejoicing One reason why 1 re regret tbe Union so vastly ia, tbat it makoa the aaudeatAler a varsety cf cbaagee and excuaccea. tae ioe^ oreas good as a concert, and in full anticipation of a rich intel, The whole channel of the last century is worn deep with tbe steps of popular progress and elevation. At far east M Russia, tbe despot bends from his throne to take off chains. No nation in Europe, no matter how much the victim of a corrupt faith, or an aristocratic government, that has not relieved tbe people, that uas not gone stridebending beneath abut, under George Washington, toc.rE1W TOM HERALD, 1BBN1SDAY, MARCH H. 1660.-tfRIPIi*, SHIFT.to hi n»tr (be t^HtY^r with Every speech M full of eulogies of tbe Union. When a iaf Marx. towed by tbo Indaaobt, approached tbem ttwy trad to man Is perfectly well be does not go about tbe streets, say -Lot & & M. tthip VetetOM,fot a special escape, but were too baa. Capt Turner tbaa mat a boat ing "I am well.' Attor never went up and down Wallhidden wanes of the republican party which he denat— from old Ergtead with certain ideon of the Pu men wrn't Jetut." and I]which tbe Sooth charges bim wttb and wmcb be rcpu- ntane—tevelhbg idew of onrveraa] suffrage, aad Are you to fact the representative of the dates—outside there It a pubbc opinion In Ohio, in to forth. We nave goae ahead until today New Testsmoat* Aad do yea ah-22mm ****** | o i « u i urnsassu I* vai* Mirasaon, withCjrabh Vat Cosaul, at Melrtiisweet asking his neighbors to endorse his solvency, Mamacbusetts, in New York, there is a pubac opinion with Massachutetta a free Stole. England remans with coECeraed, verdant frankness— (laughter)• • * Mexico Iron Lord John BnamJ, prapoalag IhM on i the aid be —tahhahel between the two cmfoa Ii tor mx mouth* wah the vara of a peace upon iofci?.iaadre.i*>«we aberty, aad the formationmxatoga fired a braadsMa mto bw General Miramon, aadtbe acton became gexerai. Both ttoamort mow hoatedagitation outside of politics: it came from jost such opinion will take a century or two to fitht tbe govern speeches ts I am makag tonight, it came from abottban- meat of the United States By ail peat experience it iitt who mid what Seward cannot my on tbe floor of tbe will take about a century to abohth shivery byaf S M * Coagremter the purpose of reforauag the eon tba Spaaab tag, aad after a spirited engagement Marie attaiaa. I do act MMhow tha plan can ha eatattated toby iha c&vernm*nL Ui fact, both perUM bave gone toe fir, inrl.tawiti, they ara too antaaremltr. is. their pna- itoavueaeonuNroavat.aad. m my opmtoB, should i liberate a—ill to it, thej will be overreached by tbe wily Oargy aad atibiary Uktueacea wbicb g o e a n tbe Jfjwaion party, ami tbaa leave tbe Ma. opan to continue we war. Tbe nbaraaat* now m a fair way of woo—,« 4 tber» aboald be ao ooaprcmiKi wbataver.Tbpi. ,* >i hair, retorned bare again leal evening and ia awd that Uinunon Mto ats4 bim a reply to-day, aa>l ie mm EBOW bw aeteraimai ff>surrendered, and with meet of ha mas waa taken pri toner .Tbe American km it but throe wounded, oae of whom mortally. Tbo MaHcaa Mat a fifteen killed aad twenty to thirty waandod.Miramon paid 153,000 for tbe two steamersanxmb steamers peered by til tbo foreign squadronstherefore, very much whether these enthusiastic apostle believe til tbey would have us to understand.He either fears ha fata too much Or h a deserts are small,Who fcart to put it to tbo touch To gain or lorn it all.can ever achieve tbe safety of the Union—that can save i imagine the State of New York, with all her banks, all from being aateveocraey and a despotism Mr. Sewsrd does ber factories, and all her railroads, with all bar leading not allude to it, bnt let u look at it There is such an opin- men, united m a partnership against tbe people. You0*&~ Jart A baa, aa I iearn, been in conference wttbIbnt. Aidbnm to any, aad that be—Capt. Jarrla—will annd and tbe emtio without boatng a Sag, although orear el, to tbe camp of Miramnc. I alao laara that it > oonneo-on with tba prapoaiuon from tba BrittabNow when 1 come here to discuss the Union, what isthe questionT Why, when they launched the Great Eas-tern, you know she bad two magnificent immense engineson board, each tbe work of a different shop, each undertbe control of its maker—of course one thesworn rival of tbe other—and when the rightband engine went forward tbe left hackedwater and the ship tnnk in the trough. (Laughter..We stand just there politically to-day. An "irrepressibleconflict" between two great systems united in thirty threeStates, by tbe verdict of the wisest statesmen—an "irre way of setting rid of slavery except by the distortion of saving tbe oak. Tnat W the only difference between us. them from fear. Again, the would look into tbe eyes oiwith a fag to demand tae aatttaaiMj of tae steamer* (laughter.) Tbey knew be waa solvent. He wrote ha name, and from here to Calcutta it WMenough. If bewhich knows that that speech does not represent it—a the tsme ideas, and withthe aratocracy, wealth, titles, thai ycur soul lies hi your socket I betpublic opinion which mys, "Union or no Union, law or inatitotous. tbe Hoot* of Lords, the Church; aad the is bM frsskncM. I could not blame bim harshly. and j e l l ao law, tbe fugitive aiave shall not go bask " (Applause,) about a hundred yews behind aaaaaeatatat Tbat a knew he spoke the truth, and I do tot know that it eaa Now, whence came that public opiaioa ? It came from tn tbe way that 1 ieas fight inshtutloBS. Now Out public be altered. There a something to aha orgaaiaattoB ofdemocratic inttttuticat that teems to reader tt amratbta tbat wealth should have a tremendoat power But wealth today is under tbe heel of the aiave power. Your mercantile wealth aad maauiacture a bnt tbe vassal of an overgrown aristocracy; and beside it stand tbe moral representative of New Bagand—tbe pul pit, tbe vassal of a vassal, tbe aiave of a stave. That a not true of Manchester and 1arcastcrshiro—that a aot true of Liverpool. If I could break tbe pohttoal bands that bind New York, we might hope Ibat it weald become a weeent crty Free speech would not be bullied out of oountoaano- Pu' pus would net be filled by dumb dogs that caaaot bark. You wculd aot be able to conn*, on the ton fingers oi jourbandstbetrmttbatniltheirgooit,aadsottheir principles. No. You would ate the Aaaerwaa aeetahant feeling exactly the tame m the Englishman does—inde pendent I know tbe weight -that New Orwans aad Booth Carolina h a v e e v e n hi L iverpoo1 But I would break oae of the bones Nowsaidthat law object ofi * to Mad mmrmtm* up to the Brute age when tbe boat was trod upon twice; whereupon tbebad sliced tbe New York rrfoaae, HtauLn or famesto publish that he WM solvent, his notes wouldhsve been at a discount that very day. (Laughter.)I have a little tuapicion tn regard to this tonsittTeneat totbe dWcnssion of tbe Union, and tba continued, incessantimportunate eulogy that meets us in every political ad Senate. It mid, "We mean to reach slaver;. we mean to public opinion agataat tbe government of tbe dYeta. Tbe earth stands. It does aot need a meeting a strangle it." (Applaase ) Out of that bas grown tbe United States, held by the aiave power. Any man Castk Garden t< resolve that the earth thai! stand. Gcd pnbhc opinion—agitation, which has produced tbe only can tee it who looks at the history of ideas many country. fixed tbe tows of gravity, and that's enough. I doubt reliable, tbe only bflpoful tbe only possible element tha As 1 mid, governments grow—tbey are not made J u tto do to by a shot from tbe cattle and other agnail. im wo pradeni to altow amaeif to be mixed up m Tbe Kngiah, French and Spanab reesea of war did notaide of republicanism which parades at least a plausiblehope that you can get rid of slavery without the dasclution of the Union. I want to look at it a moment I have in a china vase and one of two things must co hostility to the Uafcsn. 1 do not aland here to fooiah happen- either tbe oak will dwarf or tbe vase will as to my or even to attempt to prophecy that there is no break. Mr. Seward is for saving tbe vase. 1am fortee what I shall gam by the breaking of tbe Union. Socth Carolina would took into the eves of ber slaves, sad say, if tbty choose to rae I have net the means of resistance Tbat a what Mexico aaid—tbat a wtat the SouU. American republics said—and they freedat I, bowewer, trsat aad bebere that Cam.the elements on your tide. Goethe taid, plant an oak* * B.-xan dipkimacy aaaato atfact tbe pattoy already ee tabbibed here by ocr government, and I am not wnbout k a n thai thai government may in tome way be drawn as.notice the tact• Tbe engagement took p a c e by moonlightpressibk conflict." One man says tbey can both be made to go together, aad another man says, "Take out one tbey never can be made to go together "' Whytbe Union. I cannot took forward All 1 know is. the (Applause.1 How does tbe Union help slavery'-' Let me ber unskilled labor, and aay. tbat way bee bankruptcy.aad amaUy oe made to ymU that wbios would be a •ertoaa Tbe praaaers crrroborate tbe report ia relation to tbe ajuy to the caaoc.tell you. It the first place you have got a little girl or If 1t a t a government 1have got to educate him How boy at heme. Wben t be puts her band in the fire what dees freedom come tn Europe' Does it come througha»try purpt-se, and save all that you can save of your cher ishea institutions, it is a matter of the utmost indifference to me. 1 acknowledge however that I love justice and liberty more than human mstitut.cns. No parchment, bowever sacred, no machinery of government, however venerable, ia anything to me compared with the nghta of tbe lowliest individual that walks upon the surfscn oflaughter ) The lover of the Union puts tb* oarcticPLt on ! co net relisL It. 1 am one of the police tbat tba table and says, '• It is so perfect tbat tie ban is tnat seer, tbt aaves qu.et on tne plantations. Tbat is not lusthave net cone justice to the sub>ct. Of course 1 b»ve not It cannot be comprised in an hour. All I have to say to you is the Union to an arrangement of men—THE COHSTlTDriON EEVIXED. cepting M they affect tbe anti slavery issue I have no greater, no more important dnty.no greater purpose in lie, than to lift a prostrate race, so far as God gives me tbe means, into education, liberty and their rights. (AT>- pimuse.) Now if the American Union stands between me •mi that object 1 curee it If it does not, if I can reachmsCe it are almost div.ne—they coi.li not he o-:u-r the-place I waa born to 1 do cot think tnat was whatTbe charter party of tbe voyage is almoe: fro<r. heaven tbey pledged tnemselv-;.' tc in l"7f Why should not you it a a maebmery tbat onr fathers aet up I uon t"Plea for Danmen," was delivered a: the Brooklyn AtheiiiPttm at eigbt o clock aat evening Tne niglu waa clearand tbe wee'her fine, and tbe orator hart the oppirtunity our thirty three ^States. (Applause) I do not Hk« of addreaainv a very large audience—rhe limited extent of Mr. Seward's motto. There is something even ifjTml the r>»*'snvEi. who are quite mdigaant at the idea of •tint; mane a tow c* la tbiamanner t a e Cabiae*. is now a, q-.*: a quantiary wbetber to aead tae letter back to l!.iaac_ or g:tt 1to Cap^ A- Tne mangier m Wbicb tbe afiar bas been conducted inducea many to tbink that l r i u i . jttr-gue t u been ati on foot to brmg taia partyaaai ay Ca.pt jarv J ibj» mornxg to Miramon, waa mlety night; for long before tbe hour fixed for tbe lecture tbe tion. It is significant of a perspective which I distrustcf water what really keeps Kentucky ir chains'—and tbec 1 turned to the farmamfrTf. at jLrmngement tbac everI Lair .j-ua. i«aiced mat tbe object of tbe oommiaxioa orator " were not " backward m cemmg forward' mat l-nk to it the Idea of liberty. ' I don t like the colloca-retuKi a Siave escaping across beW borders Mr Seward t.cuses.to iaax-' a lemxad m b.-m to not. m aay way, interfere But. ladies and gentlemen, what is the s a v e system3room was crowded in every part Not a few of tbe regu- Four millions—t race—robbed of every right, herdedwnt Americana csr their properj, ao that k a al r^bt lar xfcaMants of tbe synagogue of Henry Ward Beecber with the brutes, father with ao children, husband with to .'*/.THE VERY LATEST.tlaateimJ Afconit §f the Capture of MiriBtft's TtseeIs of War.Ihe Effect of the x\ews in \> a^hinston.were present, including some oi tbe trustees notwith no wife, wife with no children-, denied tbe Bible byttanding tbe scfnewbatf, paradoxical met that the} true statute, berded tn promiscuous concubinage by law, to plause'—tb*> foremost man of eighteen States. Weil,eompbment^ n is' It is only fair, it is only a deserved Tbe question ir, a there not something mere valuesw to compliment, for us to pay to onr greatest statesman, that day Our best statesman, our foremost, Is obbged to when he swore to support the constitution he intended to aay, by tbe necessities of his position, for Instance, commit perjury. 1am not(exaggerating If I stood here that John Brown is a criminal and WMjuatly hung. LayThere was considerable doubt as to the finale of tbe after stride in favor of popular rights. Despotism is enterUmmeat, and tbe police authorities hearing loud written all over with revolution m favor of the people.and do not mean it keep—and I would vote for William K Seward |for tbe Presidency to-morrow, and yet I would rather see a democratic iTesident. (Laughter )loommg forward, wm saluted of applaase, cheergomto ary. It a only a rich aaa'amittr.tr, and IUTM him outffvJthhw (nisittha) I do not mama e a t I tram aty naaage tack to t through aaMM sexTkct the pojmt am rendered in but I ksew tfcat the heat thing my ifree lips, sad I aaaa to me tbem. (As voice "Thaak God") A prcatrato ram Htm ta aad aaya-wbtit mm. torn imet leastfnrer. TIM pirn ol cooxee will, ^ n n M aBSieiy I ito Mirtmoa m a port of character of tbo two strange steamers. At tbe Saratoga cowardly attempt to shelter tbe question from dacuanon. cf pontics, behind tt, hi these ulterior purposes, in them Well, two centuries ago, Now England struck off would speak oat,'rumoreaf "bad eggs,' brick bats, aad other delicate both ndm of tbe ocean. We commenced it Our trum- ha fiends excuse bim on tbe ground that he ought to— 1860, ycu will be looking to the adminatration. You willand 1 know be ought to. But turn around and took at the be waiting to see what tow can do—what liberty fetteredin coming to the platform, bad to pass through a double weak, odious, confined, repudiated, sprang mto new lite.Then. 700,000 slaves now, four millions. Jefferson. file of poboemen, who ware stationed in aa inner apart- Washington, Wyeth and Lee, abohtionats ; and we arement ready to act on any emergency told to day by tbe young men of Richmond, that ThomasJefferson could not live in the Old Dominion if tae At eight o'clock Mr- Wendell Phillips appeared, ac exated at this hour. What oae created this changeat Vera Cruz between Captain Jarvia, com masUee of an offensive kind—and obeying tbe philoaopbJ pet notes rang out to the enslaved millions to hope in tbeother side of the medal. What a the pubbc opinion that your Union has prod need that it makes it necessary » Am I wrong to saying that it is a pro-slavery iniioence - Anof tbe United States cava! forces, and Sonera) , who commanded tbe Spasjab or Miramon navalNBW Cmixam, March 19,1M0 Bex Maac Torcn. Secretary of tbe Navy —8ta— Liectaaa&t Chapman left V era Crux on tbe U t b at, n aommand cf tbe pnae ataamer Marquai of Hacal mjuaetaa, Mtapkt fimtm took tbe precaut-.on o promise of redemption more or less immediate. The mo- ment we bad placed down tbe comer stone of our intti- sending up a strong poms of police to tbe Athen^um to tutiou, aad tbe whole world began to move to that direc-can do against slavery unbound. Agnation will be lulled.Everything like free and unfettered action will oeaae. Weshall wait Let Dougba or a democrat be elected, andevery man in the free States will arm himaelf for thestrvggie with the save tower Insurrection will breakoct on tbe mountains and insurrection ot thought in the(Great laughter.) Now. let as turn aside a moment. pulpits, and we shall have a crreater anti-slavery progress The United States officer who brought bim put ha felonguard against any infraction of tbe peace. The lecturer, tion . We changed our own course. Slavery which was aboiitionat—no man dares to My it The first th.ng a, as bearer of dotpatchei to tbe dopanment from companted by Mr Theodore Tlltoa, of the independew Mr. Seward points out in his speech. Where did Samuel J. May, of Syracuse, and tbe Rev Mr Long >t come from- In Europe, and in all the rest Camam Jarv-a bat learning on my arrival bore this of this continent, liberty—here only, ilavery. There marring Uaat be bad not .arrived. 1 deem .; my duty fellow, and as be ascended the platform be was greeted bas been no change in tbe elements which go to to forward the following report to yon — with loud and enthusiastic applause make up national character except tho constitution On introducing Mr Phillips to the audience, Mr TUTO> of '87. Am 1 wrong ? Show me the fallacy of attribut- On tbe Mb mst GaneraJ Miramon commenced tbe siege ing that result to tbe new formed machinery of govern- af Vera Cna, and on tbo «th Gen. Mann appeared before came forward, and sakt he weald like to know u tbe ment. Again, take that same apeechofMr. Seward. Iin lour years than we should have in forty under such a band irf- tbat pocket, took out the papers, tore them in programme as that of Mr. Seward a speech of the last pieces and Hung tbem mto tbe fire, aad tbe next montb. 1 must hasten to a conclusion There is another morning those kidnapped bands went down, mergec m law :n Gcd s Kingdom, and it a this — Savery is an tbe save power forever (Hear, bear.) No remedy ,«ort . evpensive and waseful system. It cannot live God fixedoatorf, Commander Turner. m tbe Saratoga, with detach- A Voica—First rate. (Laughter.)saenta irom tae Savannah and Preble, in tbe steamers Mr. TiLTOS said be would begin by telling the audience Seward has stated with a somewhat comprehensive terse laid twenty.five years on the altar of hatred anu unpORu ticn to tfcat tbere a the pecuniary motive. South Carolina,morrow evening, on tbe necessity oi agita»iou lor thetone us. Now, ladies and gentlemen, governments are fired a broadside, and tbe action becnme«eaeraJ, plain how some eight or ten days ago tbe commit- not made—tbey grow Governments are act an m tbe capture of "oto ot M winO steamera. with tee had in preparation tbe lecture on Uaucon. They artificial machinery. they are the results of tbewant to start theae pulses—to casten them. It is my only Per baps fcur per cent upon ter capita! fcotth Carolina object to mght. N->w what a tLi- object of government'"' isapne.half idle by aratocratc taste and fast.on. The To protect person and property, and to aecure to every otner half, A chains, dees net work from motive but man ttc easy, safe utterance cf all ha thoughts Isconsequently went to tbe agent of tb. Brooklyn hiaaaalX and a large cumber af La men on beard. Tabernacle to make an arrangement with himCam. JarvM ordered botn priaea to tba port Tba for tbe use of that building for that evening- W&m tbe application waa made ita purpose aad tendency were ap- Preble will be here in a few daya, with Mann aad moat of parent. and the agent entered an objection on tbe ground tba pi taw sat on board, tba rent being dmribated between that Mr. Phillips might make an abolition speech—ataw iteamer and tbe Marques of Havana- Tear deapaich will reach am bare.RetpectfailyR D. MINOR, Lieat U- 8. Navy,Ccmmaadmg priae ataamer tien. Mtramac.Same additoaa! nteiligence waa received to day from way from Boston, and from under tbe shadow of Bunkerliar waan Cbapasac, who bad reaobed New Orleans _n Hill, to deliver a lecture in Brooklyn (Applause.) Tbe agentintatsrtonknowingwhat would oethepurport of one t: tbe captured ataamera, aa baasor of daawaonwat to tbe lecture, aad tba eoaesmttee therefore told him that tbey would not take tbe home under those con-oar govemmeat. Tbe facta wbicb be oomrri nratot are siderations: but tf be would Mt tbe br.ikliag for Mrasarry tbe same M tbem contained in Ideal. Minors dee FhiJbpa to speak on any subject be might please, tbey wonid consider a a t a t t e d arrangement It was underpatch. Be ataiee the engagement w.ta tbe two Mexxan tbemftntr1ili"Wthat tbe lecture of ttua evening was not given m tbe Brooklyn Tabernacle, and not in consequenceelements of civil life. Wealth, thoughts, habits,blood, make governments, tell us what tbenot tbat tbe whole lunct:t-u ol a government Save your life, save your property, give expansion tofrom rompuision. and cf course works at disadvantage. that is connected wah the blood of lour million.- of its The consequence a, that there .i not more than one man victim.- I do it to tbe name of tbe past—m tbe name ofthey could bring agaiaet that gentleman (Laughter and applause.) Tbe agent of the Tnbernacfe inquired of tbe committee whether it was likely tnat Mr. Philbps would deliver inch a lecture. They answered that they did not know, aad therefore could aot tell on what subject he would speak, but tbey expressed a hope that tae agent wo iid cot trammel tbe bands of a man who had coae all thecetaant victory on the aiave tide. Will be tell you one reason. The people have been deluded with tbe idea that tba Union WM in danger, and they had sacrificed justice and liberty in order to save that loved Union from tbe ssansi lie spirit of the "capital States.'' Mr. Seward can't say slave States, as Daniel Webster did— no man baa any debts now—he has liabilities, (laughter.) Therea aogrog in New York—onlystimulus—(laugh- ter.) So there are no save States in the Union—only capital States. (Laughter.) Well, the only cause that Mr. Seward gives for tba incessant defeat of liberty, is a credutoua belief of the disunion propensity of tbe capital States—anJover| sensitve desire to avoid danger,tbe eyes of tbe race fixed upon us— the normal school of self government, the tea hope of humanity, tbe great, magnificent experiment of bow thirty mi'bena cf peopw can shape their civil afiairs. Mr Seward cjomaneaeea ba speech with tbe reecmmtndaUon fee every sasa to culti- vate a respect for toe IhirnV If pan will al- low me to close mine, it will be by uwnab tc-night* sappese yew did—suppose yon entered your Stppose tbey went out. This is a perfectly simple ques pressing upon yonr hearts to teach your children nameamember oi Ward Beecher s church, of Brooklyn— tion. Theie is no mystery about it. They have got to to love justice, to respect liberty, to caan free lips, to let (laughter)—I th.nx. if ycu had got your lives insured, the rcpicita government, a President, a police, a navy, an no commerce busy swelling bribe them, to let ao sacred- office would think ycu had forfeited the policy. (Great army, all the luxuries of a government, and adorn oess of parchment gag their trpa put to swear upon toe iaughter ) There is no right of locomotion therefore, in crane government e infinitely more expeMive than an altar «Inch Chrwtianity holds to every man, tbe oata thematter. Than,astotbeutterancecf opinions Sup aratccrst:c. RussiadoesnotcoatperheadoaehalfMmoch that M regards tbe slave, whom our lathers forgot, pose you stood in Charleston to night—how long should 1 u republican Nerti. America Tbey must have a repab agaiMt whom they pledged their pbysaai forte to keep be permitted tc make lbs speech (laughter:, and how l?ean grvernment—a very expensive luxury. In order toIons would you be permitted to beten to it? So there a do it they mutt have taxes. What are they to rest upon f nothing gained there, then. (Laughter) Strike off pro Tbey are to rest on labor, as all taxes do. That labor to perry, strike eft*right, strike off freedom of opinion—come be capable of bearing taxes mutt be xteiiigent labor, for borne agar: Daei the existence of the Union make the utskilled labor could not tend a pound of cotton to Liver-a waa that a final application waa made to tbe agent af tbe Tabernacle, who then very l w B l t a m Waahiagtoo aa aooo as jauBttly statedI that be could aat give tbe muse as the ii •itr fa miaht at aay moment take it away It than came "wbicb had agethepretimi-cf ate naaa, and among tbo atow only Tboy tig. tad tbechurch on the other side of the ferry, thought he could retqrn h a mother arte ttovery to save toe Union, do you thiuk be did it cat of regard to the Empire State* DoitAota, By ordar af Captain Jarra 1 am dj-tabaasomuchibe defeated Baring been tbey re- Mr. Phillip* was rftaaam of free by the pastor ofaround to the aeverat afairbaarmg. They therefor* went are*i r t n n . orifPPrtyvaawomutabcctahauerfcahsanddaamdaedaeiwaxptwatirm.mtbatMr. Pbiliam aught have mat free speech on tba side of tberiver wawafa bad oemtxaamd tobanea tbe other side(Appkum.) But,to the surprae of tbo wbote committee-.* well at of bal owa-after a debate of some hoursat a tmaaaj of tbe inatima of njatsnth charco, tbe roto-htaaa to grant the church was voted waasn. ApphOatkm body t head, and 1 think that to where our commercewas then made to tat janitor of tbe Athenaeum, and !t cornea from I think it aibaaaxoB Mood. I think it is philanthropy at anybody, or the abstract ethics o it Tear oar mattken .parebmeat to p*e«, was ac* ant:'twelve o'clock at algbt so tbeauperiaten law energy aad eatorprae of the race that panted these aay party. That is the home of Bothachild, tba'Mho 'as a taibba.,w r, i to w.ta !? EL JS <**"! ** **•» Uwpol Gcdard.wjit WM eoackMwaathat tarns btoad, wttb New Eagamd aad New York for caucutet, tiosasat tpurlin They aid spend agreat at Harper aFerry WMjmt the tame. (Faint ap- tbe wealth of the Western deal of time—and then they will go up to deposit fouror _.,) We do aot apply oar logic rigidly to the lme, ? Who abail my that the five hundred votes, and think they have done agreei .. caaaot bear justice and Mate. Bnt I WMtpeakiag ofto fiimwial TCBttoa to meet ttto tne aapthnnm State Coa- the 18th of April —pire Stale or of the Union? (laughter.) Now I mean mercantile cam. You know the struggle—how tbe Union deavamto obtain exactly what I my 1am trying to aad out what tbe reeled beneath 't—cow for a long time, as in Milton'scock. John Jay, Wyett, sod Haadotpb. when tbey made scout three hundred of the mm remaauag aboutba- in oaltodsttnds to New Orleans to-night See the diffcrence* The New York pulp.i to-night Mat oae end of the tarnUnion has done for us. There a one thing whifh men claim that the bat done—tbey m y tbe bas made the me teral prosperity or tbe States greater, that she has made commerce broader, deeper, safer, more remunerative Well.ldcmtqudealiowit. I don't agree to it I dent believe that haaaaebmetta makes money because South Cbrohna telJt negroes Emerson cays there are more beams in a Yankee1! band than is any othersublime figure, the scales buag doubtful in tbe heavens which way the triumph would be. Fifty millions of do! bus and the sympathies of tbe seaboard all against it: popularity second only to Wasomgtoa—tbe democratic party in the full fhabof success Today we have got two thousand millions cf dollars, producing a thousand million pounds of cotton—tbe beta of the commerce of the Union aat. M the London fates tayt, too aa portent a product to be interfered with by thetbat instrument, intended what tbey my t&eyatonaea-the works.TBS BTBID AT tUvWJtT*! gOWtBBM.The proprietors of Savery a foundry at Jersey Cay, still refuse to comply with tha demands of aaatr • ink at in, and tbe hater are etaajry iltasrtttotfl aat to return ,o workdmt of tba baOdBaT waa fatng to bed—tba*.be WM to!: Northern States that makea their tataataJ prosperity. mys in Europe Mapatam be defeated—Hamburg be cited for tba jae af the house. So tbe honor of that gen- That biood m Holand first created a country, and then, driven back. That is the monev power. That a the firstBrooklyn Cay Coast, yeaterday, M. F. Waring announce.r the death of the Mm Oaerga Wood, Esq., of the New York bar, m feehagand appropriate tonne stotJaaseto habe bad no aatttatton in coaaanring toying that be bad no fear that aay mob would interfere wttb UMpro aeeomga. fAmsatm I Se tbey were there to -night The maamam bad samsaaatada taaibar dasaoity m menran to miredooe the towurar at" tbe evening, bal bean madeurns prostituted to so much injustice, we couldbaye wished it Don't Ido aore honor to me memory' of lTTfi thanIton do*tuch M Vienna does aot know. We have given bypocr»*s I my, that parchment to utters tatn t h made ot T wgtoaand toe Maatmtm 1 valfey aBrtch ut became tbey watt to, aad aot rather Became we compel No, my faith ia, wat white onr blood a Saxon a d are atoei. New York aad New England, united , ate the hramef Nmth Axaartovmd trevete- a d Mtttttttj to our car of conqaaat. will double of every aero of the jjreiras, cover tbe ocean with oar commerce, ana draw dteect the wealth of halfdeal. Four or five men M rich M wMamar^maw, the influence of the Union. Why do I want to separatetbe Union as to pray for U. the world intoOM hmbota. (Aptatate.) But lata wil- ) Bo hoped that thereeach that evening. Aa btg to y*W tbe point ! will grant, tf you pteaae, thatUM1, MassanhoMtttMdtttta»^^**Jw ^limt( , ^ ^wiHapsburg-tbat Is " • " " T a , , the racea hatred of theImtoatom%theretobear aaaa wbowm of tbe an;i slavery muse. Ba (Mr. Tilthat tba eubana of Brooklyn would give fair and candid bearing, ind that it might never becommerce is (ho child of the Uaioa, tad that tat could not have beta ao large and so proaperoue but for the Uatoa of 17lt, and what have you s*fl*' Youstrand stronger than either » - ^ ^ Tfiralky.Nobody wilthe-ttod. Nobody will eoaapare tbe pulpits of to-day with the Bothnia aad the Edwards tf sixty yean ago. That it the change the Union am made for us. Now.itmemsto me that we have got a bate attimati of theUaioa is,hervaioe. Consider. Grant her ail the chums. Lotamyfe'tew a the anrttema called out, "exactly ao, but behelped Bigfara. It WMexactly eo. Tneargumaat did flte poJptt* It' si aim aaion existing and created by men who have loved libertvand justice more that Union John Ouiney Adams taidto Cbartea Sumner whan be sat by the side of his tick bed, together as if by giants to bat forever, but the" I hope to go back to WMhtngton once more " "What for*"said tbe young statesman "I hope to go back and showthis tame Daniel Webster that there a something morevaluable tbaa a Union,and that is the liberty aad justice green roots. Your government will go to pieces before which it wsa made to secure.'" (Applause ) Out of that the sentiment of the people in the same way. bnt it will tone cf sentiment these has come a public opinion, out take a thousand years to do it- That a tbe reason why Itot tne Ohio river—it was tie csA cf Ohio that she would slavesteach them to read an indictable offence, prostitution tbe what can any of tub friends suggest before 1rass to thenew member of Congress says when he roes on the boor, is—--Mr Speaker. I am not an abolition*..""1 am a free man; my free paper* are in my pocket 'What bas the Uaicn done r There is no mystery abouttheconstitution. It is a piece of parenment.held np at Washington, written in fair textband, all correct, every 1 dottei and every tcrossed, and it a the agreement of three millionof people how tbey thai! be governed. Thai is the constitution. Our fathers made it. and you may look a' it. be bankruptcy. He fised that when he settled the (laughter) WoB, wuat bas it done t 1am ac AmericanM well as you 1 know tbe history, exactly as you do, ofsixty years. Let us weigh it What is the great cbjectcf a government r Watch me carefully, and tee if I, :ntonUonaiiy, at any rate,attempt to mts.ead you. I naveno wish to maae a speech. 1 certainly have no wish tocheat one of you into an hours deius-.on. I biv not unions by be finger of their o^wn manhood Bu: in add:and liberty, and according to ba own showing, in everyone cf the fights, slavery. up to this moment hat been vie u> the only things immortal tn tha world of ours. I (Jciblng herself, hew much does tbe jay up*wealth, habits, taiood ant education of a .peopleare. and a thoughtful man can shape out for you the pro yeu mind—that at at. Now. wnai bas tbe Un.or, done for three -fcurtcs live upon them. Three men living upon tbe thought tbey were to enjoy I do it for tne future, woncable form of their government as much as Cuvier could you New Yorkers* Are your lives any safer in this city work of one, and unskilled labor. How much do you tell you tbe habits of an animal, if you showed him its that James Buchanan reigns at Waahmgum'- Is nc: your suppose they a y up? Why, ss the Irishman said, tbey charge which be (Mr. Tlttou) did not understand bow anatomy. Governments grow. According to Mr. Seward State just M able to make lite safe in these sixty different lav up a loss. (Laughter ) Suppose thai, as they this government baa been growing—its organic life bas counties without the Union as with :f Are your title threaten, ibey should go out of tbe Union. Suppose tbat been going on seventy years, what is the result* In deeds.to the Fifth avenue any better because South Caro- tf'-mcrrow their policy WM earned out. As Lydia Maria lina whips htgrore Property there a all the same. Then, Child taid. A would be like tbe town poor separating from M to the right of locomotion— can you and 1 go to Savan tbe town. That a douth Carolina's position. (Laughter)and an inordiaate love of tbe Union. And what is bwremedy? Love the Union tetter. How does be end free utterance of opinion aay safer in New York'' When pool for leas than eighteen or twenty cents. To-day tbehim In bondage, upon whose limbs they fastended tbe chain for two geaerattoaa, torn or no has, tow or no tow, constitution or ao conttntton, so far as in us law, we will break those fettert sad lift that race to aa equality wttb ourselves. Aad then may God hem you to keep tbe oath (Loud and long applause *arrangeaaenm for tbe meet as crihciw tbe Union. When Dr. Dewey, m yonderProgressoftake Strlaee.THE BSBGBN TTKNBX BTB>.The work on the Bergen Teasel has been entirery essyou think your pulptto or your prom are any freer be holders knew that the tendencies of tbe nineteenth cen-eanaetheUnionexattt laayoung man any more dis- tury are pitted. They are figi.ting, therefore,withthe pkeardt every posed and free to choose bit course of life because tbe energy of despair. Andrew Jackson WM the most popu-pended. aad tbe laborers bave been on a strike for aome three week* So far tbey hove conducted themselves inUnion exattr Tbo other day a boy came along tn the lar man. since Washington, this country ever mw. He oar wttb the Maw York fwae*. Want the Ztmet?" sad had behind bbjn a party tbe strongest this genera-democratic and republican, out or the light, and that is ail their root dam- Yesterday aarnmg a paper WM foamdattend in iho cable. What a tecondr We have in•believe mem- You think (hemtbat same body of slaveholders an anttteracybcrerabte prerraasmai career, and referred to ba pr vate virtues, A mottoa tbat the Courtrespe" to ha memory wasCaoaaotC. J. Jack Tha Courttha aay.C t u u m i o i D shD>TBUcaatbem tbe right to represent their property Take a tews of throe thousand tr-lr*-*—- "P °° Rhode island sr in Connecticut, and tbey will be on thaSiiorefWMhagam (Renewed bases aad tppaas- ever Edward Ivereu ring oat inadjourned forIIXIJIBT IOC HC*Sttttaaa *t8e» U M idaaaaaaaamTvta u l U M ) W l w l O * tasau U Z l V X "a young tag conuaenu to her treasure vaaim. Wha shall my tba; alert from now till November They will have newspapers^ Washirgieo as that "immortal rebel*" Wall. Johnof South Carahna, will leaurely get intoand ride to tbe polling paw aad deaawa than* fivebellou, whteh wiQ anwt»"**'_far as any interest ia the *tfa*im«*^zFive men will take more thtatww-^ * " • £ * " 5 the opinion of Loeaana than he does for Palmeraton." » d ^ l t e » t - - £ * * "YF.H. Young, J. E. sib Adjourned MB Saturday <7th -I*legatea-Jao aherr-atea—Jamet B. Pratt, WlTha" other dayMftto. The otbtr^day £ ^ " " g ^Untitled Documenttryaf to J***Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069• you will give four milhota of while tbvrm and let me argae thamp a c e it degrades pubbc opinion.man is obliged to curb ha thought.Mr. Seward, in b a speech, suggests no remedy. He does road aad tbe Canal are the Empire mate. The Cemdeanot 1 do aot marepreeent bun. He suggests and Amboy Railroad a tbe State of New Jersey. (Laugh wealth. 1 rode, as I nothiag. Ho only mys, there is the past: ter) We have got money, aranoeracy, negropboba— Connecticut, and by i but for tbe future no ground, no argument that a the slave power. It it the orgtiimd government me, "Mr. Seward'si no suggestion I will sad one for you—it «this Outside cf the Union: against it you have got the public opinion 1 wish he could have iThe Northern states I mid joet now thattbe power of money. In New York, the Central Bail-will all agree in the result I have sasa tbe palace of the(swrars. made cf stones half aa large as tba room, jointedtiny weeds of an Italian summer put their roots between them year after year, and to-day that palace Is a mass cf ruins, shattered by tbe little fibres of the smallpropose that yon*should breakup the Union, and getand sell his wife by the pound. What w tbe natural law4gentlemen the p-ermai.ee' safeguar -'. against insarrectitn.but for you. we have millions cf slave? ready to nee attbe first cisr of the drum'' 1 tbioK matF a compliment over the leiu (lanwhter.)funds, and 1 have BO doubt 1 shall succeed " (Renewed It strikes me =•• as a descendant of the o'd 1'or.iat. rupted and bought I would mve it from that. I kaow I"but «:ly grant me a year or tw.'•Net yet (lau,:bte*). more and ai<i.t.anajWestaried-Jtffersoaand Wyetn—tbe spirit of thosebr;gntstatttmen of Virgin* tremble ,'or her r.gtt to sell, 'otx Jaybrooded over New York with his ang*>l wings samA>iame thundered m Fanleu! Hal1 Tb* enthusiasm oftbe Revolution lanmshed tbe tbip of state. We went on sevtnty years. We ciaacbel Florida from Spain and doomedi to slavery We bought loj-siana from Naoo'eoc andstamped it w.th bondage. We stole Texas froin Catholicat*xico and put b*;k slavery on all ia free soil We out-raged every principle of season justice w t n tnefugitive ! aiave b^t We trampled on tbe constitutionitself c the Died Scott decision tier ablestetatesmsx in 1^60stands an! tolls as the history and Iask what is yonr romecj'' Shut your eyes (laugbterj—plunge headlong—that is h a remedy. And when a t nvate mac (hated lips) suggests that possibly use ev! W ttrta and remembered that tte impassable gulf was m the arrange xentot the government, and It might bewell to consider whether w< -bad not started wrong neis a traitor—be must not t.av a public- ball—hi Est: notb<b heard—he is libo.ang the .DStitcV.on—b» » risa-aip the Not for the love of millions'that hang upon bis lips:prosperity and tbe welfare ot tb.rty ttree Sia-.e* FcUow not for ten thousan 1tim* s a more gorgeous bubble thancitiitcf tbat is exactly the state m which we m-et be to that fcr which his speecc a a bid. would Wiliam H.nUtt Mark me lam not blaming Wno H reward. toward lit his band to return a fugitive slave to Virginia.He is a representative man—the abler; statesman—the (Loud applause.) You applaud tt, and yet what a breach of statesmanship of our generation aad tbe last. boldest ibat we have got—flood and long continued ap-tees of Plymouth church bad positively refused to bearMr. Phillips lecture within tbe sacred precincts of their tbe stove system. Why does tt exist tn these States' Go suggest of any hope m that programme of which 1 nave to-night and affirmed in you- presence that the great that record by the side of Mr. Seward's teat speech Itlegal fate of every sixth woman in the republic. That a direct argument that I sbal' present to you' What can beown fconee of werthip Although tbe Beecberitos were from tbe north pole to the southern cape—there a not just spoken to yonf Undoubtedly, it will be said. "You one spot, except ours, ibat has not yielded op the system do injustice to Mr- Seward. That speech cf nis is a simthus deprived cf the plumere of bearing their friend to the spirit of the age, and excepting Brazil. Mexiso. pie programme of a politician. He spoke at Rochesterat borne, they resolved that they would, at all events, aad (with that exception) every South American republic bis real heart. He uttered in 164S. in Ohio, bis full teliefstatesman of tbe Empire State would have obeyed that does not cohere. What hope have you for the future? clause you would have Ilasned back upon me tbe epithet It is in the struggle of public opinion How can it be erecf slanderer. 1 am obliged to judge by tbe record ated- fic-icly by the preaching of a rigid right and of bis life, and by the testimony o' his wrong Bow can we create a pubbc epihas gotten rid of slavery i s Mr. Seward hat pointed hear him abroad, and enjoy treason In other peoples out, and as the abolitionists have been saying foraioLahed, and you and I mutt abolish i." Well. 1 know Henry Ward Beecher himself bad publicly declared that when tbe spirit of tbe sge is against us. Europe for tbe he did. That makes that speech all the more remarkablelait generation has been liftibg oft tbe chains, meltng tbe Wendell Fbi'-tips' plea for tbe daaelabon of tba Union was fetters, elevating the laboring cantata in their eml rightsbooses. In met, the opportunity was too good to be lost ten years, tba result a all tbe more remarkableconstitution—which he baa done scores of times—that constitution which he says comes from hands almost divine—tbat be intended to commit perjury. Is tbat thewhen be said, ••atetvery a a sin. an em. anu moet be fellow citizens, tbat when he swore to support that verymen adequate to beat down the save power: Only by Uywg down the moat absolute principles of right, only by asserting that savery is a sin, omj by ignoring color 'If savery is a sin. what is our legislation tbat endeavors to cover tt* Three millions of people,He cannot atiordto utter what h? thinks He would not beavailable it he was an abolitionist. <-laughter. i io-a Union to which von can welcome men when tbey get toregards tbe s a v e cause Do you think be would obey it-have got a constitntion under which the leading rae:. andtbe first Presidents avowed themselves aboiitionma.Jehersoc. Washington Patrick Henry. Wyeth. Lee. Jay—the leading men af the revolutionary* periou hastened without teopardizing my self-respect, without swearing der a bondage compared with which one moment as before they went down into their graves to carve on en mkc oath when you know 1 would not and ought notbe twenty one years old - It 6eems to me not I wouldlike to vote. ! wculd like to add my quota to the civil in friend. marched to victory^and fame The world says, tiuecce of my country Directly thow me how I can ••p.ight—gloriccs. " Four million of people, bending ai-.*. i t a : iusi.ee should be expe>uent. and that villainy anouiddress Is it tbe oniy mstsnci • I have aeeu the Chief Justice of Massachusetts sitting upon the bench of the tinpreme Court with a fugitive stove in front o: bim. who had twicelaws o: his kiBgdt in Therefore f a man attempts tc rob proved the rigbt of liberty tbat any of aa have, i-ecaueo his brother man, in the fust place that brother man re he was born tree as well M we, and he had earned t s<in fenr m South Carolina working to-day. The other those two hundred years of liberty winch oar foretauterxBberty.,< .-<•. .i..«_ tn. H,.w frsm theirsiBiee.anaBuww »-^^('•Good,"that speech cf Wm. H. Beward, tbey XhUdreMB/Gad's Mke, aahom fed wedld amjaanluttice to believe that i we could bavei our insfctuIn tbeclaVon tones of his tbat favorite phrase inyou from New Otteaaa? For tfaWrmsonI want to outlot l-atnct -~G. awamm* Chartea A.neuc telegraph,5 5 £ e w . T o r k *?me wfmid * * * « aatoo' Toom* and Kem u rt dota of Mw thunders of theTvawt. Wo should intermarry mat theshould ten tbe tame religion, the tame aagiaga£ * "PLLc o n l d" P " * *X e w Y« * PoUteaily from1•*£f!~>* ZSE*fJmland New Orlaaas, a s a v e market W i t&New tirtetaa, Wiijam H. Seward would care no more forwould m y .City Newt.Trrt Lata Gaotoa Woo© ASD t n Crrr Cocta1.— www.fultonhistory.com 