 ; ft'4#J'!*(^,; *jl'XSecretaryefthe NavyinformtheSOBBMsstothenum-npomiT FEOM WASHIIGTOI. sew continent should be sa saymm for the oppressed andff: i HSecretaryoftheTreasurycommunicateastatementoftoo endtheligaturesupontheirexeros*. Alltheseweredis- notsuffertbecourttoentertain,Ifitinvolvestwentydel youdowntotbeleveloftbsAfrican?orwasitthHrde- song,itwillmovetraiiyonward,withtoemottoinscrlbod cussed with zeal aad ability which have never been sur- tars of money, 'without the overruling intervention of a tire to exalt ail white men to a common political eleva- on its banner, 'Union snd liberty, oome what may, torevenuefromeachcollectiondistrictfromISMto1849. passed. Histtrytellsus,Iknownothow truly,thatthe juryoftwelvegoodand lawfulmenofthoneighborhood tion? Butwedonotseektoforce,oreventointrude,oar victoryastedefeat,tnpoweraaoutofpower, now andi•, ti1I WI1gress, the right of petition, and embarrassed or deniedfreedom of debate on the subject of slavery. Pressesthat these iblags have happened: in toe nineteenth cen- speeuble minority ready toadept it tn practise—a minority Khkh, fo r weight and worth o r character, preponderates tury—theeraof theworld'sgreatestprogress—andwhile spainattiegreaterDumber,wbohavenottheeonragetodivestit el- Tamil's of a iraperty which, bowaver, keeps taelrnon-sciezces unquiet. Porta ward of the Cbeaaseake you may (tadhere and there a robber or a saorderer; but to no neat num- pute. O ur fathers undertook a great work ror them- ber.•••*Tbla(Virginia)latbenextStatetowhich»e selves,rorus,andforoursuccessors—toerectafreeandfederal empire, whose arches shall span the North Ame- i ican continent, and reflect the rays of the sun throughout his whole passage from o n e to the other of the great oceans. Tbey erected thirteen of its columns all at once. These are standirg n o w , t b e admiration o f mankind. Tbe.tr successors added twenty more: even we who a r e here bave shaped and elevated three of that twenty, and all these areas firm and steadfast as the first thirteen, and»n;V1-» •*;.. ^aim pan htm a eongTatolatory visit this evening •BKiaatenrsBTm SBoaauxaas'STWXB ABB ma POUTTCIASS. after Mr. Seward concluded to-day, Senator Douglasdmon of persons hi a State, is necessarily injurious in some degree t o t h e whole community. Ane coaonvc.il question early arises out of the subject of slavery—labor either o f freemen or of slaves is the cardinal necessity ofthe policy of capital. A disposition toward the removal ofslavery from tbe presence of the national capital, appear-ed in th e District cf Columbia. M r. van Unren ademocratic President, launched a prospective vetoagaintt the anticipated measure A democratic Congress freedom EOmuch less, b u t t b e Union o f our country s o any where, we must follow Southern gotdes. You m a y more will yet be necessary when we shall have rested brought Texas into the Union, stipulating practically much mere. We have been made to believe; from time change your pilots with tbe wines or the currents; butftJfclavrsltoailngPrtotiagfjostmittsshavehad matedmtotheUnion.Thereyetremained,however,a rwmaa before them for t v o Says, exniaiaing vast region, which included Arkansas and Missouri, to- gether with toe then unoccupied sad even SBBiamed Kan- hint by Senator Brora s a d sas and Nebraska. Arkansas, a staveaosomg oeasasusuty, at Puhuc Printing. Bowman, waaneaily rea-iy to apply, sad MBBBmri,saottier such Tanitory. was Bctually applying far sdatsBaoa Intoshecenttot cs alone or injuriousto you alone. Itseffdcts are1 •riimagine—better than ourtelves— a virtuousgenerally conscious o f W e have loved n o t•l» i -Mthe other labor thus elevated and enfranchised, becomes thedominatingpoliticalpower.Itthushappensthatwe may, for convenience sake, and not inaccurately, call slave States capital States, and free States labor States.essentially democratic than ever before, by the greatde« of tbe nation is now between the democratic that the threads are gradually fretting themselves asun that a part dissevered must perish. Y ou may refine asvelopement cf free labor, more firmly than ever insisted partyandtatrepublicanparty.Itsprinciplesandder:andastrangermightsupposethattoeExecutiveofyoupleaseaboutthestructureofthegovernment,andsayon tbe constitutional doctrine that slavas voluntarily car- policy are, therefore, justly and even necessarily the United States was the President of two hostile repub-k :i" t a p . ;Mr.Parrott,Delegate from Kansas,press a tedibe expected to intervene directly for their safety so soon furry, o f Maine, w h o b y some accident eras absent be capital States. New States would soon grow up In the after tbe compromise of I860. The labor hive or the freealready i s proved t o b e a majority in the North; it is,execute a n unlawful purpose in Virginia by invasion, in- chanism o f o u r constitution, s n d becstts w o•i?www.fultonhistory.comIr sovereignlyTbe (jopnlar of KansasprovedtobaWState martugaty:*JnWft'1 •Itor ef potiey.eouraqea an1 animates and invigorates the laborer by mnmtarstog and devekirxng ht? natural personality intheTerritoriesoftheUnitedStates,aspropertyofwhich the master cou'd not be in any way or by any authority divested;andthelaborStates,havingbecomenowmoresistance to the republican party; that he perceives a seat-'wbie loss of that BT"it ar brotherhood aad thai teatingotloyalty,ftgeuter withthatlove(oracommeocountry, which a r e a t last t h e sorest cement o f theuponthenationbysurprise,andwhichitsles- Union;sothat,intbepresentunhappycondition megtneoussndthoughlivingunderaconsolidatedgovern-son snd conscience, concurring with ths reason of aita<rs, be is almost tempted to -exclaim that ment, ever maintained. We languish throughout if oneaxdconscienceofmankind,condemn. Tbechoice wearedissolvingweekbyweekandmonthbymonth; jointorourfederalframeissmitten,whileitiscertain.-.-—-.—TM*..*delegation, and is staking some headway. rawADwanoiforKASSUA.I .vJp:-S-%j wWBOLBm%%i\f a * i fe*****t:;rwith the privileges of citizenship. In tbe one cam cipitalSpecialWash Iaft* a Wifluowi,Fab.29,1800.^ T ^ * ^ * ' • ...V ' "• •»'*•*»• r < u , iWAM .1 *««»^HT .ejAttff iaao-f wilt *; •.•W^ff *,*&&THE NEW YORK HN O .8577.MORNINGEDITION-THURSDAY.MARCH1 ,I860.PEICB TWO CENflE?iSi g5gga _ thai po-er, it all liberty, to d<apcee of and ee>*Oodasmgiventoosa,asmembersoftasssryta t, as*freeIntsiHsssa Wuaowtwssshaetcraliexpeases since 1864. Adopted. rAStAGBorTBSBTVAUDrsssiosBSU.TBE GREATREPSBLICA* MAMFESTO The iBvahd Pension bill was resorted sad pasted.Michigan, Blinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, Minnesota. Iowa, voluntarily from every other civilised land as well a s ordnance of 1787, now stands on the position that 00 h with t h e ctpital States. I am no a&aailant o f states-i_n,ni<~w~'«~' "^r ~^"^ir*"^^*~S^echotSenatorSewardon the Questions of th e Day.fH leal Opening of the Re- publicanCampaignTHS WIIJTAST ACADaWT BUI. Mr/Gwnr,(dem)ofCal,reportedtheMilitaryAca-demybillwithoutamendment,anditwaslaidaside.dered to the control of capital, wringing oat the fruit--tard, wfMr,Seward'sPresentViewsen Ike Mr.Wiiws,(rep)ofMats.,presentedamemorialof themerchantsaadunderwritersofBostonforastetmPatriotismtookcounselfront prudence,andenforced t settlementwhichhasprovedtobenotafinalone;and which,asisnowseen,practicallyleftopenallthegreatandeverrecarringrepresentativeParliament,Diet,Con greasorLegalatmeistheonechief,paramount,essential, indispensableinstitutioninarepub.'to.Evenliberty,guatentedlyfro.nianpoliticalpoweramfrespon'slbilityin Whoandwhatpartytoteassail1?Onlytbedemocratic yourcapitalSiMes Youareeoverefnsontoosubject party,fortheretonoother. Willthedemocraticparty ofslaverywithibyourownborders,asweareoathe takeuptheassault? Themenacesofdisunionaremade,SenatorDouglasIndulgCBi n"tarretTfsettle Ceitfet."mail twice a month between Charleston and Key West political BKues which were involved. Missouri and Arkan- ranteed by organic law, yet if it be held by other tenure same subject within cur borders It is well and wisely so though not in its name, y e t in its behalf. It must avowsas were admitted aa capital States, white iaber obtained, than the guardian care of sucb a representative popular arranged Use your authority to maintain what system or disavow them. Its silence, thus far, ss portentous, butMR snriiD'i t m a i n a u mfreedom,butalsotoenjoytheirbenefitswithcontent- eachdisputeshaveoperatedonthethecourseofpolitical unreclaimedandwithimpunity,amongourplantat.ons. ailcasessafelybetoleratedwherereasonisleftfreeto WhobelievesthatarepublicanadministrationandCon- ment and harmony. Wherever a gulltlew slave exists, events—not to reopen them for argument here. There For this polity, so far as the government has sanc- eon,bat it Will itbe claimed that more of moderation and gress could practice tyranny under a constitution wbich beheCaucasian,American,MalayorAfrican,heisthe.wasastaveInsurrectionInVirginiaVirginiaandKen-tionedit,toeaemocrati)partyavowsitselfresponsible.tendernessindebateareexhibitedonyoursideoftoeinterposestomanychecksasours?YetthattyrannyDespatch.MeoatiBaetBaaomocTsitepnrty.advanch^frber of martso hospitals, the number o f patients, and the the exile, coming year after year s a d s g e after 040, of popular sovereignty as far as that ground i t from th« California snd Oregon. I do act array tbem la contrastspoke to a crowded Senate u d a listeningte day, according to prevtoos announcement His subject of two distinct and opposite ideas—one that he istucky debated, and, to the great sorrow or toe Tree Everywhere complaint against it is denounced andits great argument than our own? W e all learned our po must cot only be practiced, but mutt be intolerable, andwrongly, the other that he is rightly a slave. The balance lara delighted, a n d b ia political foes admire b i s of Lumbers o n either side, however great, never com- ma speech was decidedly la favor pletely extinguishes tbis difference of opinion, for there are always some defenders of slavery outside, even if there are none inside a free State, while also there are al- ways outside, if there a r e not inside of every slave State, many who assert with Milton, that " s o man who knows aught can be s o stupid a s to deny that all own naturally were born free, being t h e image and resem- blance or God hmseif, and were b y privilege above all forty republican members or the Pennsylvania Legis- tbe creatures, born to command and not obey." It often, perhaps generally happens, however, that in considering the subject of slavery, society seems to overlook the 'natural right o r personal interest o f t h e slave himself, a n d t o a c t exclusively fo r t h e welfare • apeaI*speechtoday. orthecitizen.ButthisfactdoesnotmateriallyStates, rejected the system or voluntary labor. The opponents proscribed. When Kansas was writhing un- lemios, as well as »ur principles, from a common master. there must be no remaining hope for ooasUtationaJre- Colonization Society was established wih much favor in der the wounds of incipient servile war, because ofthecapitalStates. Emancipationsocietiesaroseinthe herresistance,thedemocraticpressderidinglysaid, Wearesurethatwedonotonourside,exceedbislessons liefbeforeforcibleresistancecanfindgroundtostandonIiof the stovasJoa of toe white man rather than toe equility tl the whites aad blacks. Thia doctrine was flrai announced hy Fraak BSalr, Jr., in b it district campaign in MMBOUTInullify obnoxious Federal revenue laws. Thecapital bukeandpunishment,when\\resistedfraudsdesignedto Englishman,concerning histreatiseonemancipationin States complained of Courts and Legislatures in the la promote the extension of slavery. Throughout the whole America in this fashion:—conformitywiththeconstitution,arethesupremetribunal to try snd determine all politisal issues. Tbey are as competent to decide the issues of to-day ss they have been heretofore to decide the issues of other daya They can recenaider hereafter and reverse, tf need b e , t h e judgment they shall pronounce to day, as they have more than once reconsidered and reversed their judgments ink mA large number of prominent repubheena from New affect ultimate results, for the elementary qu;stion o f t h e rightfulness o r wrongfulness o fTart, ander the lead o f General Nye, came here to iiaten slavery |inheres in every form that discussion concern-Southward o f tbe t heaapeake your took will And but few readers concurring -vtth it in sentiment op tbe aubjectof alavetara, acoompaaied b y Senator Cameron, and represents arras Hail, I/mfaecker a a J ©there, of that State, paid a r a t to Senator Seward tola evening, to congratulate himwhich undertook the defence o f the labor system i n t h e all natiens h a t out selves have been either abridging or capital States, were suppressed by violence, and even in altogether suppressing commerce in men: at the very mo thelaborStatespublicassemblies,convenedtoconsider met1whentheRussianserfisemancipated,andtoe slavery questions, were dispersed by mobs sympathizinghere and there an opponent to your doctrine, as >* ou ma; findany error, or prevent any danger, under any ctrcum- staEces. Norisany neworspecialcause for revolution likelytooccurunderarepublicanadminatrationWe are engaged in no new transaction, not even in a new dis-STBAM BUII. COSMU.X1CAT10.1 WITH CTHA.Union reeled under tbe vehemence of that great debate. where the litigation arises The inoependent, ever renewed system i.-s yon. We are excluded Jottjr, wisely and con- forever.' If tb e republican party *********. tbe Union.andCuba.TBB BOX FOR TBB ADBTSWOM OF KAilBASassembly, is ant precariously maintained, while Biavery, enforcedbyaairresponsiblejudicial tribunal,istbe en- pletest possible developement Of despotism. M r Presi- de! t, did ever the annals of any government show a more rapid or more complete departure from the wisdomyou pleate. We are a c t distrustful o f t b e result W e savewisely,sswethink,exercised ours to protectsnd perfect the manbrod o f the members of the State. T h e whole sovereignty npon domestic concerns withinthe 11 i»n is divided between us by unmistakable boundaries.to not alarming. Tbe cflect of tbe intimidation, if success ful,wouldbetocontinuetheruleoftoedemoera-jcparty, though a minority, by terror. It oertaiDlyt ought to need no more than this to secure the sucorss of t h e republican party. If, indeed, the time h a s come when tbe demo-as a reservation, tho abridged but yet comprehensive field HAT n ranisOFTHEJOWBEOWS iiD» Mr. SawABO, (rep) of N Y ., moved tnat the bill for of Kansas and Nebraska. Now, whentoe present oonn- v the admisaion o f XanaaB be put o n lta second reading. tions ot the various parts or the Louisianian terriory a r eGeorgian captive, tbc Nubian prisoner and the Abyssinian savage, are lifted up to freedom by the successor of Mo- hammed. Tbs world, prepossessed in our behalf by our early devotion to the rights of human feature, as no nation ever b lore engaged its respect and sympathies, aaks, in wonder s a d amazement, what all titis demoralization meaner It has an excuse better than the world canw e a r e excuse.arise. Theslave State strikesdownandaffectsto extin- *•'1 toe"NatiekGobbler,''didnotriseandanswertoeLittleguishthepersonalityoftbelaborer,notonlyasamembering it assumes. What is just to one class of men can neverla Seward"a Senatorial and Presidential effort, and th?y, be injuriousto any other; and what is unjust to any con demonstrations of dissent, was generally round sustainingiand alluded to the- shoemakers' strike in Maseachu- society. Some States choose the one kind, some thes, and, to the surprise of every one, Senator WUaon, other. Hence tw o municipal systems widely different for its future reorganisation into four slave States. to time, that, n a crisis, b th of these previous instiiufrom our labors Some among us prefer for these columns we, whr.senativity reckoned underthe north starhas acompositematerial;otherstbepurewhitemarble (>urHtmt Some say thia failure of Mr. Wilson's to defend of the political body, but also as a parent, husband, child,aa tradesmen growa out of the fact that be sympathised strongly with Bougies * o e n n « w * s opposed b y Uacoa tor the Senate.DOCGI AS AXD TBI PU8UI1KCT. IsanguinefriendsofDouglaathinkitoutofthethathecan benominatedatCharleston. TheirIto that direction, however, will not ceaw as a mat* the other band, the State which rejects slavery en-circiitiistSDces or heat and excitement, In relation to theseconquests. Tbe defenders of labor took alarm lest thenumber cf new capital States might become so great aa toenablethatclassorStatestodictatethewholepolicyofthe government; and ir case or constitutional resistance,thentoformanewslaveholdtugconfederacy aroundtheGuif o f Mexico. By this time t h e capital States see modto have become fixed in a determinate n tfe.-j. t h o (Virm.i$ovtrnn-ietH, t-.d even toe labor State*, shotiM rjpogttise toera. The republican party sBnbettieaabe twuuisr pro-neighbor or friend. He thus becomes, in a political view, merely property without moral capacity, and witaout domestic, moral, and social relations, duties, rights andremain and be confirmed. Tho democratic party re de.i:<g violenceto the Union. The true state of the oase voyage. A profound respect and friendly regard for the from mere disappointment and disgust at being overruled fused. Tbe Missouri debate of 1820 recurred now, under however, ought not to be a mystery to ourselves. 1'r.s Vice President of toe United Stales has induced me to in bis choice of materiala for any new column then toremedies—aInheritanceand hiawrongsatoned,nottohinueelfbuttobis owner. The State protects not the slave a s a man, bit the capita oranother man,which herepresents. Oarience,Indeed,isnotgiventostatesmen;butweare weighcarefullytbetestier00ybehasgivenonthesub- bequarried,should havelaid violent handson the without excuse when w e fail to apprehend the logic of ject of the hostility against the South Imputed to the re- imperfect structure and brought It down to toe eanh,chattel,, o r theft.a a object o f H i s earningsbargain, sale, gift, a r e compenaatodcurrent eventa. Let parties, or the government, cooose ordowhst.tbeymay,thepeopleoftheUnitedStatesdo not prefer tb e wealth o ( th e few to the liberty of th e many,capitaltolabor, Afneaxi slavestowhitefreemen, in the nata.ta! Territory* acd <u future States. Thatques- t.. n has never been dtstiuctiy •songsissfl or acted on tryalltherightsandfacultiesofmanhood,andgenerally1theirslaves,thoughoutsideottoeslaveStale*anilwitbmofChicago,hasturnedupherewasrta*********Bocajtaewithtoe investedinslavesbecomesagreatpoliticalforce,whileintees and reaction against a policy which has been fastenedwill postpone action on the subject so as to remain a m the slavefy que at ion at borne. But there is a mutual bond•osaattasl until after the Charleston Convention The re of am-ty and brotherhood between man and mau through actments admitted California as a labor State, a n d r e .psbhcaaswlll bring the matter before the H-Juse at the earlkst moment.o«t tbe world. Nation* examine freely the political sys manded New Mexico and Utah to remain Territories, withtaitbfu! to that poucy, and just and loyal in a ll b*4de, act sometimes as partisans, while it requires us always towhen it shall bave gene down. Mankind bave a natural Tight, a natural instinct, and a natural capacity ror self- government; snd when, as here, they are sufficientlyASOTBXBMTXCHonTSX"noMenmmM coanict.'Mr. Van Wyck, republican, of New York, will address and prosecute, or condemn and prohibit commerce inmankind. Imay, perhaps,infer fromthe necessityof orpersonal differences. Thereis notone disumonlstor 1iprredbyculture,theywillandmust have self-govern- thecase,thatitwill,inallcourtsandplaces,standbythe disloyalistsmongusall. Wearealtogetherun- ment,anucoother.Tbeframersofourconstitution,withconscious of any process of dissolution going on a wisecm that surpassed all previous understandingstrung or aiound u s. W e amorg men, adapted tt to these inherent elements of have never been morepatient, and never loved tbe representatives of human rature. He strangely,blindly misunderstands thethe House to-morrow, and proposes to show what tbe poesi- men. Thus, in one way or in another, the slavery ques- tion which s o many amorg us, who are more willing totom oftoedemocratic party baa been for the last twenty- rule than patient in studying the conditions of society.tides of Texas annexation, disposed by law of thesub ject of slavery in all the Territories of the United States.al rigbts of freemen everywhere; that it wi.l favor th e speedy improvement or tho public domain by homestead laws, and will encoursge mining, manufactures, and inter-areyears.andthattoeparamountprinciplesofthatpartythink is a merely accidental or unne:essary qaestioo thaiother sections more than now. W* bear tbe same testi- anatomy of tbe great system, who thinks that:ts only Andsottecompromiseofl&iOwatpronouncedafull, nalcommerce,withneedfulconnectionsbetweentheAt- monyforthepeoplearoundushere,who.thoughinthebonds,orevenitsstrongestligaments,arethewrittenareto day the cordiAl doctrines oftbe republican party. mght and ought to be settled and dismissed at once,is, on the contrary, a worldwide and enduriag subject o.'i n DwiriB-orns o.v TUB Rio (UUSDB—nrraBvnrw or THS political consideration and civil administration. M en,flea), absolute aid comprehensive settlement of all ex's:ting and all possible disputes concerning slavery underthe federal authority. The two great parties, fearftil forthe Union, (-truck bands in making and presenting this asan adjustment, never afterward t o he opened, disturbedor even questioned, and tbe people accepted it by majori-ties unknown before. The new President, chosen over anillustrious rival, unequivocally on the ground of greaterability,evenifnotmorereliablepurposetoinaluirnthe tocultivatetbeennoblingscienceofpoliticalphilosophy. anyevidencesofadifferenttemperintheSouth;butwe acdunwise,tbelearnedandtheuntutored,eventhegood new treaty inviolate, made baste to justify this expecta-s o u aianiauoN WITS THS psxsiMLvr—THS ACTUAL STATS or AtrAOM OM THS neoKTam.General Forbes Britton, who arrived here last eveningStates a n d nations entertain it, not voluntarily. but be- cause th e progress of society continually brings it into their way. Iney divide upon it, not perversely, but bo- cause, owirg t o differences o f constitution, cauditiin o rthan now. We bear the same testimony for alt Hie districts and States w e represent. The people o f the North a r e not enemies but friends and brethren of the South, faith- ful and true as in tbe days whmi death h a s dealt bis ar- rows promiscuously among tbem on common battle fields of freedom. We will not sufier ourselves here to dwell onintercourse, fhise are strong indeed, but its chiefest in- struments or cohesian—these which render it inseparable and indivisible^—are t h e millions o f fibres o f millions of contended, happy human hearts, binding by their affections, their ambitions and their best hopes equally the high and tbe iow, the rich .and the poor, the treefrom Texas, with despatches from General Houston, had circumstances, they cannot agree. Tbe lathers of the republic encountered i t Ihey even adjusted it so Utat it aprotiectelinterviewto-daywithtoePresidentand mighthavegivenuamuchletsthanourprescoidisquiet, Secretary of War. He gave them a full and truthful state had not circumstances afterward occurred which th-y, meat ef the condition e f affairs as they exist along t h s wise a s they were, had not clearly toreneen. Although they had inherited, yet they generally condemned t h eBut in th e midst of iheee subjects, o r , rather, before shall be conteLt with expressing our belief that that hoa-fully reaching them, tbe republican party encounters un- ti'ity that is not designedly provoked, and thatcaxnot pro-expectedly a new a n d potential issue—one prior, a n d voke retaliation, is a u anomaly that (must b e traced totherefore paramount to all others, one of national life and casual excitements, which cannot perpetuate alienation. nions, and appeals to them all, individually, once tn acanst wilt probably be despatched h i a day or two. B y•oftheWarDepartmentabatteryoflightartillerytaxed as persons What shonld be done if the slave should escapeintoalaborState*.ShouldthatStateconfesshimto be a chattel, and restore him as such, or might It regardhad never beiore been, and smitten tbis time by a blowfrom the very hand that had just released the chords ofvotes can it cast? These threats enforce another—has it determinationenoughtocasttbem? TbislatterquestionState to political action b y suffrage in organized parties withintheirownborders,inspiredbyanenthusiasmpe-IFrom lsa» to II only by tbeintolerablerUntitled DocumentThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ahumblebitflsjtupatior.isa****}£> Jfoortbtm torceBuitlymaythatshallboastsawtdototoafreenation,and havingthepowerahaliaotaltohavetoeeoarajratoremove rOBatanttehaPy every Oovcreor, • t a a r t e be the supremeterns of each other, and of a ll preceding times, au I. a c cordingyastheyappro%eordisapprove,of thetwo sys- temsofcapitalandlaborrespectively,theysanctioncarry it into triumphal success? To doubt ii to be uncer- be patriots and statesmen. Differences of opinion, even tain whether civilization can improve or Christianity save on the subject of slavery with us are political, not socialtion when Congress assembled. He said —When the gT»ve sHall have c'oeed over all who are BOWen-and avowed war actually exists, and that th e people of expressed tbis when they asserted in to*. Declaration of deavormg to meet tie oblfecati -cs ot duty, the year 185.1 wL lie ceath. Just ss if so much had not been already conceded;and the bad, to a government th e first, the last snd t h e only such one that h a s ever existed, wbich takes equal heed always of their wants, their wishes s a d their opi-whole Una of the Mexican frontier. H e states that open practice of slavery, and hoped tir its discontinuance. TheyISsna desire to know whether the United St ties intend to interpose in their behalf and protect them against t h e merciless and infamous Mexican banditti. If th e United Stales cannot and will not interfere, then they will takeIndependence, as a fundamental principle of American society, that all men are created equal, and have inaliena- blerightstolife,liberty,and thepursuit ofhappiness. Each State, however, reserved to itsel' exclusive political power over the subject of slavery within its own borders. Nevertheless, it unavoidably presented itself in their con-recurs ed to as a period rilled with anxiety and apsreltenaLm nay, just as if nothing at a ll had ever been conceded to A successful war has just terminated: peace brought with it a tbe interest of capital invested in men, we heai menaces great an/menta'lon of territory. Disturbing uuealloaa arose of d'sunkn, louder, more distinct, more emphatic than VearrnsopentbedomesticiuaUutionsofaportionoftheCon ever,withtbsconditionannexed,thattheyshall beexe- federaey, and ln\olvinc the constitutional rights of the States.B canvass for a Presidential election, in some respects year, or in two years, or at least in four years, ror their more important, perhaps, than a n y since 18C0, h a s expressed consent and renewal, without whi jh it must recently begun. T h e Hcuse o f Representtiives w a s cease. No, g o where you wJl, snd to what class y o u to b o organized b y a majority, while n o partyI 1, I Fths law in their own hands, and if necessary carry the sultations on a bond of lederal Union. Tbe new govern- war tnto the enemy's country. They 'desire, however, ment was to be a representative one. Slaves were capi- thattoeUntiedStatesgovernmentshouldtakethematter ta)insomeStates,inotherscapita!hadnoinvestmentsinTbe glocmofthelate tragedy inVirginiarested onthecotstitutioral)y elected, shall assume t h e government. Capitol turn the <ay when Congress assembled. Wbile rise up for every recruit you can engage. Oa the banksP*• tntoMsownhands. labor. Shouldthose slavesbe representedascapitalor as perrons, taxed as capital or persons, or should they not 4 ThemastthattoePresidentcandoistoconcentratealierepresentedortaxedatall?Thefathersdisagreed, targe force along t h e line o f the Mexican frontier. This debated tong, and compromisei at last. Each State theydistlugiUabed citketiii whose devotion to tbe Union can never be doubted, baa given rexewed vigor to our tnstitiuinsa, and restored a sense or security ard repose to tbe pubic mind tbroraboutthet'onfed*racy Thatthiareposeistosutlerno abnekduringmyofficialterm,IfIhavethepowertoavertit, those who placed me hare may be assured.Hardly, however, bad these inspiring sounds died away, throughout a reassured and delighted land, before the na-1 do not certainly know that tho people are pre- the two great political parties were peacefully, lawfullypaied to call sucb an administration to power. I know ard constitctionally, though zealously, conducting tbeonly, that through a succession of Moods which never great national issue between free labor and capital laborgreatly cxcilr, andebbs which never entirelydie- fortheTerritoriestoitspropersolution,throughtoetrialsequally of tbe St, Lawrence and of the Rw Grande, on the Atlantic and the Pacific coasts, on the shores of toe Guif or Mexico and In t h e dells of the Becky Mountains, amongthefishermenonthebanksofNewfoundland,the weavers and spinners of Massachusetts, the stevedores of New York, the miners of Pennsylvania, Pike's Peak a a d California,tbewheatgrowersofIndiana,toecottonaad the sugar planters en tbe Mississippi • among the voluntary citizens from every other land not leas man th s nativeborn, tbe Christian and the Jew, among t h e Indians o n theprairies,theoontumaciousmormonstoDeeeret,tbe Africans free, the Africans in bondage, tbe inmates of hot pitals snd almshouses, tad even tbs criminals in the peai- tentaiiea, rehearse the story of your wrongs and therr own. never se eloquently snd never so mournfully, aad appealpolicy has undoubtedly been adopted, and orders to thia determined, shaT have two Senators in Congress, three- fifths of the slaves shall be elsewhere represented and bestrong enough for effect Hitherto t h e republican party tbe parties to the controversy, and impatient of the con- tional repose was shocked aga/n—shocked, indeed, as it has been content with one self-interrogatory—how many stitutional system which connues tbe citizens of every!tordered from Port Leavenworth to Fort Brown,i,withoutdemy,sadto herallyequipped forsaid himasaperron,and harborani protect himasamanrsymphony of peace. Kansas and Nebraska, the long de that, as It h a s hitherto practiced self denial in so many wrongs that some of them had suffered by inroads of arm-votedreservationoflaborandfreedom,savedintheagony otheriorros,ItwillInthis emergency layasideallimpa- edpropagandistsof slavety inKansas,unlawfulastheirBBBBWAl OS THS COSTBBT FOR TBS FRJJrrDIG STOTLS CV TBSown retaliation wss, attempted to subvert slavery in Vir- with a just moderation, i t would b e a waste of words to method w e have adopted, of appealing t o the reasonyoa mora just than Washington, wsmr toaa Harm 1 too, more humane than Jefferson?" "What new form of go vernmentorofUnionhaveyonthepowertoestablish, or even tho cunning to devise, that will bo more just, more safe, more free, more gentle, more beneficent o r more glorious than this?" And by these simple mtsrro gatories y o u will h o mleneed and confounded. M r .TheelectionofPrintertotheHousewasdeclarednull persontowhomsuchlabororserviceshallDOdie. and void today, without contest, upon t h e d e - Free laborers would imnVgrate, s a d slaves might b e Imported Into the States. The fathers agreed that Con- of Mr. Ruffln that he voted against gressmayestablishuniformlawsof neutralization,andit Ford on Monday, and bit vote w as not might prohibit tbe importation of persons after 1908.A ballot wasimmediately token, sad Mr. CommunitieslatheSouthwest,detached fromthe South- ern States, were growing up in toe practice of slavery, tobnt with those wbo unconstitutionally engage In the madgion. While generous and heritable natures will pro-waaoatapair,defeatedanelection.Fourrotesappear a* loW necessary, and three of them were obtained, but Btowaatof Mr. Perry 'svoto made them useless Anwther •ash* will be had at two o'clock tomorrow, when it is to so hoped that a result will be produced.Northwest, while s s y e t capital stood aloof and labor had not lifted the axe to begin there its endless out benifl- cont task. Jfhe fathers authorized Congr.as to make all needful rdass and regulations concerning the manage,meut and disposition of the public lands, sad to admit new States. So the constitution, while it does not disturb or enact the system of capital In slaves, existing in any State under its own laws, doss, a t t h e same time, recognizetherefore,practicallythepeophoftoeNorth. WillItstill volvteg servilewar,was saactofseditiontad treason, do forget it, we sre oontinoaUy woBdestagbow Stateswssdistant,thewaynew,unknown,andnotwith- bethegameNorththathasforbornewithyousolong aadcriminaltojusttbeextentthatitamwstedthepublic Ittothataconfederacyofthirtyaad more8mcovering regions so vast, and regulating tai so various of so many milhossof men, consatntoa conditioned so diversely, works right on. W e e . nuallylookingtossottstopandstanos«ffi,ormai rymtopiece? But.tatruth,itwlh Botstop,. stoo'itwssmade nottos»p,buttoseepmThey compromised again, and decided that no person held to labor or service in one Stale by the laws thereof, escaping into another, shall by any law or regula tion of that t'iat», he discharged from such labor or service, but shall be delivered up on claim to theof national fear in 1820, and savea again in the panic ofIf so, were now to be opened by Congress, that the neverending course of seed time and harvest might begin. T h eslave capitalists of Missouri, from their own well assuredhomes on the eastern banks of their noble river, lookeddown upon and coveted tbe fertile prairies or Kansas;while a sodden terror r a n through all tbc capital States, cise of cocrtitotional authority maintain t h e government, which is in harmony with the spirit of the Christian reli- win n they ss w a seeming certainty that at test a new laborslavery. What could bedoner Congress could hardly publicanpartyintheNorthishostiletotbeSooth. Butit goodcitizenswill nevertheless agreethatthisattemptto subtle and complex, yet obvious sad natural mePost Office Committee awete to-morrow, ani every hutnan being when within any exclusive sphere ofof a more frequent sir vice, thia wouldss to destroy the seme* if attempted to States contentedly became labor States by their own acta.bsvs hospitable welcomes and appreciating audiences, awakened throughout the country, sxoitoig ror » » mo- Domttar, though majestic system always waraaag with ballot boxes open for all tho votes you can ment the fear that our whole system, wah eU its seen oe^unattendod b y t b e presence t a d exhawtion o f win. Are you less sectional than tola? Extend to u s ntles for life and liberty, was coming so " J 0 ! ^ ^ human temper a a d human passions. That wouliIsosai-weeklyfromSawOrleans.• SBBASB raijfTEMj uvsarnuvioa.theseoccurredbe/or*1820. TheSlateofLouisiana,form- ed on a slavebokrmg French settlement, within the newly acquired Locisisnian Territory, had then already been adInheres, uwillbenatonialagain,daringthethird forty sum of public Btistrv 2°JZZte^iT social horrors, habwa.andstiaagnwueidbypersonalinterestsand amt»-cpoaitioa, has eadearorel «, bowevfr.to too antaaaetipB ofization, to reseat, if It ware not BOW too late.tbs cans* o f freedom t a d btocr^a»BBOxn«ctodiy " dgrievously Imperilled In th e Territories ofJhe United syntgs by which bs can control its uaeooarogated and Sb^powSTresptmMbffltyror public disasters -i|ijuadorstoodt a e pT H i m T Y - S O T H COM«R£SS. KIST RBWIUV.WASBWOTOX, Feb. 29,1S0O. |PBri8Bvera Ssasalycrowded,asyl theboat«-anartTiis IBBBB rAvatsm axn sxraasaa, *«Nh Cap) of]loa-a, offered a reaoJution that tbeitcommittesa r e mrtstigslmas.t o wtiltaotrthe result of their lahoa to thefederalthese appMcatiOBS, aad claimed that the wh :e LouisianBui Territory wss rightfully open to slavery, and to tbe or gaaixatton of rutare slave States. ThetaborStates main- tained that Congress bad supreme legislative power with- inthe ansaata,sad oaaM aadoafat to exemdoslevery there. The question thus opeaed was one which rotated notatalltoslaverylatoeexiattagcapitalStatoa. Itwas purelyaadsimplys aatioaai questionwbetr-rtoeCM- men tatereat o f the whote republic required that Ar*ea»sso.MBBamfI.WssasstadMetrssara,isowklbsoomsoapi- tal states, with all the erSs and dangers or slavery, or be tabor States, with ati the scconty, benefits and bleealnga of freedom. On tho dsBsatoawasaaspsBiid tho question, aa wsa thought, whether u'ti nate>y t a t Minor o f thish e—ThesixSouthernStates,withequaltranqdiUtyandby their own determination, remained capital States. T o e eucnmstaoofcs which tbe fathers did not clearly foresee were two, namely: t h o retoTlgoration o f slavery ooose quenton tbe increased oonsumptioa of cotton, an 1 the ex^betoexpecttoenjoyrewards,oenoatotadblet sings, without tabor, atro a a d watchfulness a n e xpectation contrary to divas appointment. Tnese are tb» oisclpBae of tbs imtrwtB esstosa, aad b o most mure himself to a. Wbea, aa now, a great policy ratten>d upoaoarrtodaami weekly overland. TaojiBmaBew tofaTortoe raiwmittsos « i give How York a Isttor mall sixm a w*«k to CahTof aat, or by overland nam! weeklysi*. Jaatsmt; aaaaiwsakry, ss BOW, from St. Loais tension of the national domain acrosstoo Mississippi, andvery seen have in the south a s many republicans aa we(Union.T h ooxsMtagcapitalStatessecondedof Missouri, _evenTthe letter ofaa "Bttrary >£**£ • ? •1\forthoahaarsaofmisfortuneisourown,orwhether, TerritoriaigovernmentsaadCongressareincompetenttoAlloftheStatesareparcels of sayowacountry—legislate against slavery in tbe Territories, while tbey are•sgaslsaat t a d raxnrtaet regtons shonld b o surren- not only competent bat are obliged, when it Ss necessary, sure it will hereafter b s ; toe State toast devetopsd **^' "r T*~ *~ •*~T-Tittm ks thrni|lFnn netier immmsthrough t h o renewal o f t b e African slave trade, thosethe teat o f tbem s o t s o wise a a d great a s I a mossentati poworef a tree aaOoa. thoa«B beertsx Ugh h <kto legislate far its protection there, to tills new and ex- and perfected among tbem all is wiser aad better than of th o earth through the impoverishing toil o f negro treme position the democratic party now masks itself be- any foreign Slate I kaow. It it then in any, aad in which.asotaerss ire*?toventaaoei too*** not fife**! or to»»latU*«*Ss asalordlyscourge,sotasatreego.era^c**wJ3•lares. Thequestion of 1690wasidenticallythequestionef1100,sofarssprinciple,aadeventoefield01hindtbebatteryoftheSupremeCourt,atIfitwerepossi blyatineconstructionoftoeconstitutionthatthepower f deciding piacticallly forever between freedom and slaveryoftheStatesIhavenamedthatnegroequalityoffmosthe whiteBum'spride? Throughouttoewideworld,whereis the State where class and caste are so utterly extinguishedits iLspkation was concerned. Every element of the conti overay sow present entered it then; tbe rightfulness or la a portion or the continent far exceeding all that is yet or as tbey are in each aad every oae or them? Let the Euro- ultimately oome to understand, that the noblest object* ofthe wrongfulness of slavery; its effects, present aad gahized should be renounced b y Congress, which alone pcaa Immigrant, who avoids tbe African as If his skin ex- national hfe mast parish tf that life itself shall be lostTand *af* the Post Office Department be made free. future; the constitution*.! authority of Congress; the claims psesesnts say legislative authority, ana should be aasomed haled contagion, answer. You Ind him always in tbe State therefore it will sceept the issue tendered. It will take upMr. Doouma, (rep.) of Wis., presented a petition thatof the States, aad of their citizens; tbe nature of tbe fed- sad exercised by s court which can only toko osgaissnee wheie labor bsever free. DM Washington, Jefferson and tbe word Union, which others are so willing to re-tOs<totTBB couacnon or THS navsarB.Mr.TBTVBCU,(rep)efHI.,otteredaresolutionthattoe an independent government; thespringsofItspowers, tweenindividuals,and which actiontoeconstitutionwill tem,aadaccepttheonewehareadopted,proposetosink thought, liberty, which hasbe«o its inspiration soeral Union, whether it is a compact between the States or of the great sjaestian collaterally, in a private action be Henry, when they implored you to relinquish your sys- nounce, a n d , combining it with that other gloriousCarried.By consent, Mr. MASOB. (dem) of Va., offered a reso- country with so hard and so prolonged a struggle to re and virtue or iti founders? Did ever the government of You have your filteen distinct parts; we eighteen parts, cratic party must rule by terror, instead of ruling throughTBB TROCBUH O K TBB RIO ORATDB.observed,and we tee that capital retains undisputed posses- sion ot what It .tea obtained, wbile labor is convulsing thea lutioathattbePrescientoommunicateeverycomtnuuioa• gainthelostequivalent^htcbwastheu guaranteed toit agreatempire,founded oa therights orhuman labor, equallydistinct Kachmuftbemaintainedinorderthatthe conceded public confidence,thenitisquitecertainthatit FreeFight. tionreceivedfromthe(ievernorofTexasrelativetodis-undercuuumftencfsofsogreatsolemnity,wemaywellslideawaysofastandsofar,andmooritselfsotena-wholemaybepreserved.Ifoursshallbeassailed,cannotbedismissalfrompowertosoon.Suingonthatoa the Bio Grande. Adopted. desire not to be undeceived if tb e Missouri Compromise ciously on tho basis of capital and that capital invested withla or without, b y any enemy, or for any cause, ind odious principle, it could not long save either the coostitoICM FORD UH1LBOTSO PRINTER.wasindeeduni>ece£9ar!lyacceptedbythefreeStatesin- inlaboringman? DideverafreerepresentativeLegisla- we shall have need,weshallexpect youtodefend Or BR. SBWABD OBTHSAKFAIR8OF TEXBATiOB. fluenced byexaggerat'ons of tbe dangers or disunion. ture,investedwithpowerssogreat and with tbeguar it Ifyoursshall be soassailed,Inthe emergency,noMr.SXWABDpresentedthememorialoftheLegvdature TheMissouridebatedisclosedtruthsofgreatmomentfor dianebipofrightssoimportant,oftrustssosacred,or matterwbatthecauseorthepretext,orwbotbefoe,wetionorpublicliberty. BatIshallnotbelievethedemo- cratic parti; will consent to stand in this position, though tt does, through tbe action of its representatives, seemto cover and sustain those who threaten disunion. I know the democracy of the North. I know them now in their waning strength. I co not kaow a possible disunionist among them ail. I believe they will be as faithful to too Union now as they were in tbe by gone days when theirranks were full, and their challenge to tbe combat w a s always the war cry of victory But, If tt shall prove otherwise, then the world will a l l the sooner know that everypartytethiscountrymuststandouUnionground- t t a t tbe American people will sustain no party that is not! capable of making a sacrifice of ita ambition on the altar 01 tbe country: that, alih.ugb a party m a y have never so much ot prestige, a a d aever such Ua/itttaneJ merit yet, If it be tacking in toe one virtue of loy- alty to the Union, all its advantages will beAW7MERTHE SPOILSMENATSEAAGAIN.of Kansas praying for admission into t h e Union. M r . Seward then spoke aa follows —MB. PssatDBBT—The admissioa of Kansas iatothe Union, without further delay, seeaas to m e equally necessary, just aad wise. In recorded debates I havo already amtat- pated the arguments for thia conclusion. In coming for ward among the political astrologers, it shall be an error of judjemeat, and not of disposition, If my interpretation of the feverish dreams which a r e duturbuig t h e countryulterior use:— interests so precious and of hopes at once so noble and so thai! defend your sovereignty as t h e equivalent o f our comprehensive, eurreader and renounce them all so un- o s n We cannot, indeed, accept your system of capita1 First, That it is easy to combine the capital States In tecessarily, so unwisely, so fatally an1so ingloriously? or its ethics. That would be to surrender and subvertBALLOTAND NO CHOICE.defence of even external interests, wbile it is hard to unite tbe labor States in a common policy.Second, That the labor States have a natural loyalty to theUnion,while thecapitalStateshaveanaturalfacility ror alarming that loyalty by threatening disunion.If it be true, as every instinct of our nature and every precept of political experience teaches us, that111farestieland,tohasteningPisaprey, Where wealth accumulates and men decay,our own, which w e esteem to b e better. Besides, if we ceuld. what need ror any division tnto States at ail ? Y o u are equally at liberty to reject our system and its ethla, snd to maintain the superiority o f your own by all t h e rorces o t perscasicn and argument We must, indeed, mutually discos* both tysterna All the world discusses all system* Especially must w s discuss them since weTil TiWJBLKS01 THETEXAN FRONTIER!. shall toad to foment, rather than to allay, the national ex- cilemtnt. I shall say nothing unnecessarily of persons, because, In our system, tbe public welfare and happioeeathen where in Ireland, in Italy, la Poland, or In Hungary, baa any ruler prepared for a generous and confiding peoSUtement of Gen. Houston s Commis- depend chiefly on institutions, and vary little on men. Isioner to the President.TROOPS ORDERED TO THE RIO GRANDE,Tbe early political parties were organised without refer- North America* Citizens of th e United States, in th e ble, what could b e more wise than to conduct itThird, That the capital States do n o t practically dlstin-guifch between legitimate and consntatiHial resistance tothe extension of slavery in the common Territories of the pie dinppoiatmeBtt, disasters and calamities equal to hsre to decide as a cation which of the two we ought to l'nk>n,and unconstitutional aggression against slavery those which tbe government of the United States holds ingraft on the new and future States growing up in the established by local laws in the capital States. now suspended over so large a portion of the continent of great public domain. Discussion, then, being unavoida-encetoslavery. Butsince1820,Europeanquestionshave with mutualtoleration and In a fraternal spirit?spirit of this policy, snoverted the free republic of Nica- You complain that republicans discourse too unavailing; and tben obnoxious as, through song-shallalludebutbrieflytoincidentaltopics, becausetheyare ephemera!, and because, even in the midst of appeetato passion and prejudice, it is always safe to submit solidtruth to the deliberate consideration of an honest and en-lightened people. I t will b e a n overflowing source ofshaane, as well as of sorrow, if we, thirty millions—Euro-peans by extraction, Americans by birth or discipline,and Christiana in faith and meaning to be such in practice,can not s o combine prudence with humanity in ourconduct concerning tbe one disturbing subject o f slavery asnotonlytopreserveourunequalledinstitutionsofexciteddiscussion,ItIsSBmywayonlytoshowhowbeenoncentorelandedonourshoresanddistributed,Thetheoryofoursystemis,thaterrorofopinionmaynntbeconditionsunderwbichtbeyaretomiketheirattempt.lett us practically unconcerned. There baa been a great ragua, and opened it to slavery and the African si ive boldly and directly, when they express with confidence cherished and obatinbte prejudices, the republican partyincrease of invention, mining, manufacture and cultiva- trade, and held it in that condition waiting annexa'ion their belief that toe system of labor will, in tbe end, betion. Steam on land and on water h a s quickened com- to the United States, until its sovereignty was restored universally accepted by the capital States, acting for themmerce. The press and the telegragh bavo attained pro by a combination of sister republics exposed to the same selves, snd in conformity with their own constitutions,digious activity, ana the social intercourse between tbe danger, and apprehensive of umilar subversion. Other wbile they sanction too unreservedly books designed toStates and their citizens has been Immeasurably increased: citizens reopened the foreign slave trade In violation of aJvocate emancipa Jon. But surely you can hard ly expectand consequently, their mutual relations affecting slavery our laws and treaties; and. after a suspension of that tbe federsl government or tbesolitical parties of the na- ty of the Union. Those wbo seek to awaken the terrors have been, for m»y years, subjects of earnest and often shameful traffic for titty years, savage Africans have tionto maintain a censorship H th* fress or of debate. of disunion seem to me to have too hastily consideredfree States; South Carolina Instituted proceedings to "let ber bleed.'' Official integrity has been cause for re- and example. Thomas Jefferson addressed Dr. Price, an SJywhere The people of the United States, acting inbor States for interpreting t h e constitutional provisiontor t b e surrender o f fugitives from service so as to treattbem as persons, and n o t property, and they discrimi-nated against colored persons o f t h e labor States whenthey came to the ctpital States. They denied, la Con- apologist of the extension of slavery. It is in America of the people will approve Bin theory, and it will find a re former times. It needs no revolution to correctwith the capital States. The whig party, being generally an .oppos'tion party, practiced some rorbearance toward the interest o f labor. The democratic party, not withoutmay turn our eveBfor ths iuK-reeung spectacle of justice to conflict with avarice and oppression-a conflict where t h e sacred aide a gaining dally new recruits from the influx Into trineeof young men, groan and growing np. * • • * Be cot then, discouraged. What you b.ve written will do a great dealof gocd; and couldyoustill troublejouraelfabout our welfare, no nan Is more able to help the laboring s-ds.iIthe rightto choose freedom or slavery when ripened intoStates, while they gave new re jieding for the recaption offugitives fromservice,andabolishedtheopenslavemar-ketintheDistrictofColumbia.Thesenewenactments,collated with the existing statutes, namely, tbe ordinance freedom of speech and of the press, and tbe constitution- of K87,the Missouri Prohibitory law of 18'20, and the arMul.totwitheaudincdifferencesofopinionandsentiment,in cutedthemomentthatarepublicanadministration,though relation to details and specific provisions, the acquieieence ofrepublic there is not one known dissenter from that policyremaining in place, if within reach of tbe Executivearm. Nor over the face of the whole world is there to befound o n o representative o f our country who is not an ry. From the mouth to the head o t the Chesapeake tbe bulkMexico was incensed. War ensued. Thelabor Statesasked that the Mexican law of liberty, which covered from time to time, surrendered safeguards of freedom to constancy in following the guidance of those wbe framed and on tbe same point What execrations should w e not the territories brought in by the treaty of peace, might proptiiate tbe loyalty of capital and stay its nanus from the national ship and gave u s th e chart ror its noble all unite in pionoundng on any statesman wbo heretofore,as petition of to* legislature of that Territory, So soon as a State feeIsthe impulses of commerce or enfortheadmteioaofKansas asaState terpriseoramt-.tion,itscitizensbegintostudytheeffects riedbytheirmattersintothecommonTerritories,or examined.Iknowofonlyonepolicywhichithasadopt- lics.Itisnotforroetoraiseadoubtupontbeoorrett-that 11Isa compact, and that a breach, by one of the StatesorbyCmgresa,ofanyonearticle,absolvesalltbe s.mbeis from allegiance, and that the Statesof these systems of capital and labor respectively on its into labor States, are persons, men. Under the auspi- ed or avowed, namely, toe saving of the Territories of ness of this dark picture, so far ss the Southern groupss Union under theWyandot constitution, intelligence,itsvirtue,astranquillity,itsintegrityoruulty, ciousinfluencesofawhigsuccess,Californiaand tbeUnitedStates,ifpossible,byconstitutionalandlaw- uponthecanvasareconcerned,hutImustbeindulgedin u.ayseparatewhentheybave,orfancytheyhave,la toe Boose to-day. Democrats refrain from itsdefence,itsprosperity,itsliberty,itshappiness,lisag- New Mexico appeared before Congress as labor fulmeans,from beinghomesfar slaveryandpolygamy. theopinionthatIcanpronounceasaccuratelyconcerning eauae for war. Butonce try to subvert it,sad ;what their policy is to be relative to the ad- grandizement and its fame. In other words, tbe great States. The capital States refused to consent to Who that considers where this nation exists, ot wna' the Northern or republican representatives here asany you will find that i. is a governmeat of tbequestion arises, wbethar^tavery la a mural, soota! and po iof Kansas, but the prevailing opinion a that theT litical good,or a moral, social and political evil? This iswhole people—as individuals, a a well s s a compact cf Slates: that every individual member of t h e body politic is conscious of h i s interest and power in i t ,their admission into the Union; a n d again threats o f disunion carried terror' and consternation throughout the land. Another omprcnuse was made. SpecJte en-races it is composed, in what age o f the world it acts i n part on the public stage, and what are its predominant lu stilutkws, easterns, habits, and sentiments, doubts thattions could not be saved together, and therefore we have,rendered us somewhat superstitious, must be excused for fathers and our predecessors diOWrei in the same way,,jitic and Pa lilc States—for all these are important in- terests of freedom. For all the rest, the natim- al emergencies, n o t Individual influences, must d e - termine, a s society goes o n , th e policy a n l charac- ter o f the repnbbcan i«arty. Already bearing i t s part in legif laticn snd in treaties, it feels the necessity of being practical in its care of the national health and life, while it leaves metaphysical speculation to those whose duty I* i svery centre where the bolt of dlsuoion mutt fall firet and < 1 npact or even the multiplied and thoroughly ramified be most 'earful in its cO'.cts, seem never less disturbs1 toads and thoroughfares of traue, commerce sad socialcourage me, thevolume of republicanism rises con-of the ballot, operating directly or Indirectly on the various tinually higher and higher. They are probably wise departments of the government; 1band of exceptional whose apprehensions sdmonish them that it is already men, contemptuous equally of that great question and oftbe national harp from their utterance of that exalted touches its tpnit and pride. I am quite sure, however, culiar to themselves, and exasperated by grievances andthe lam great compromise, and found, with delighted sur-prise,thatItwassofarfromoonfirmiogthetawoffree-domof1820that,ontheotherhand,Itexactlyprovided loyally,oppression,perfidy:keepnothingback,apeak edtheirjudgmentstotherealnatureof.theircriminalsad Nebraska perfectly free to establish freedom orstavey,aadpledgedCongresstoadmittbemIndoetimeas States, either o f capital o r of tabor, into tb e Union.The whig representatives of the capital States, in aa boorof strange bewilderment, concurred; andtbe Whigparty instantly want down, never to rise again- De-mocrats socsded, a n d stood aloof; t h e country w a sooBibaadod;aad,amidtheperplexitiesofthehour,a equal,andthetamefori<sail.Youaccusetberepublt- republican party w a s seen gathering itself together oaa party of ulterior and secret designs. How can a par- with much earnestness, bat with Utile show o f organ-none the morer^E^^SmTJmft&^mTSSiles. 1will not linger over the sBBjtol. States. 1 1widely dispersed muses tad direct them to objects1 un- seen snd purposes unavowed? Bu». what are theie hidden purposes? too name oaly oae. That one *»,Bif0 ;ira^aUposaFrt; wlHgi« Ustie head to our ••Itwss not until the gloomy reign of DomiUaiand liberty snd virtue bad found assured refuge"be sway of tbs milder Nerva. that tb e historian trotsregaye, Missouri, not only in the persons o f the rulers, b a t duos negro equality among FTM. Soppoae a^jbad «aepower to cbaage your social system, what wyTsawa*^youforauppoateg that w o should carry « ^ ° X * j T w Uamong voafwe kaow, and we will •^VrfVabor^-ovkBsadtbe Un'on a s a slave Stats. Nebrrska, though choosing white men. The laborer in ^ , ^ , - 7 3 i Be is politicalwhose nsrrativo of that period of tyranny aad terror h a sbeen accepted by mankind. The republican party being 1huevindicatedagainstthechargeofhoatl'itytotheSouth, ly,nowmetefirmi/"rTM*"^'codeTbs nerfect freedom proved to be a stotefoi sod tatotiThe tartblsfirssssMww^k w # 'f t - r - d tomaliiam. wparty, hat been varying! i, which bar virtue, wtsdoss, moderation. eaergsss Land often even her paysteal strength aad ._s»,tosaveherselffrombeingbetrayedintowbtch has been onered to excuse for the menaces of un constitutional resistance t n t b e event o f i t s success, I feel well ssrured Oat it will sustain m e in meetlog them in the spirit of the defender of tbe English Common- wealth:—the people, submit to them, roily, earnestly, eloqneatly, all your complaints and grievances o f Northern dis-oftheoffendersthemselves,pitiable,althoughnecessary and just, because they acted under delirium, wbich bltad-ror tbe abrogation or that venerated statute; nay, that tbe just as freely snd ss loudly there ss you do here; yon will enterprise; th e alarm aad -oeassernsflsa ««<»'*"/ Nevertheless, I d o BO* expect t o t e e tabs purelycompromise itself actually killed the spirit of the Missourilaw, ard devolved on Congress the duty of removing tbelifeless letter from the national code. The deed was done.ThenewenactmentnotonlyrepealedtheMissouriprohibi- thesameprivileges,and1willengagethstyonwilt tion of slavery, but it pronounced the people of Kansaslave democrats is the North. There is, however, a bet-ttr test of nationality that the accidental location or par- by new ebtomrsa.to whichtoe a ^ ^ ^ * , , ^ ^ aties. Our pabcy of labor In the Territories' was not sec- f''"^J^^S^.js^lP^p*. 'WWW*,^^'• •"You see, sir, that, whether we go for or against slaverycould cast more than a plurality of votes.msy, with commissions for your fatal service In one hand andyouTbountycountedbytoehundredorthethousand pieces of silver in t h e other , a thousand reswters willtience of temper, together with all ambition, and will con-alder these extraordinary declamations seriously, and ginia by conspiracy, ambush, invasioD and force. T h e to them to rise. They will ask you, "Is this all?" " A r edemonstrate that they are unconstitutional, and equallyidletoshowthattheresponsibilityfordisunion,attempt frage,istheonlyonebywhichfreegovernmentcanhe ed or effected, must rest not with those who in the exer- maintained anywhere, and toe only one as yet devisedState would be built on their western border, inevitablyfraught, ss tbey said, with a near or remote abolition of menaces? Tbey resolve themselves into this, that the re- on earnest, though! fatally erroneoua convictions, yet a ll President, w e a r e perpetually forgeetttng tatswot k of subverting i t . What a r e t h e excuses for these bably concede that John Brown a n d his associates totedout perils. Missouri was near and watchful, and heldthe keys o f the gates or Kansas. S h e might seize thenew sad smiling Territory by surprise, if only Congresswould remove the barrier established in 1820. The con-jecture w a s favorable. Clay a n d Webster, the dis-tinguished citizens whose unquestionable devotion t othe Union w s s manifested b y their acquiescence ble that for once we should alternate? But i s tbe repub- their peculiar principles by the sword, drawing after it a in the compromise of 1860, had gone down lican party sectional? Not unless tbe democratic need for the further illustration of their punishment offederaljuriadiction,notascapital.hotasaperson.WhatalreadyIntotheirhonoredgraves.Tholaborpartyis.ThorepublicanpartyprevailsintbeHouseofthatgreatmoraltruth,especiallyapplicableInare- abillfortheastoblsahmentofauniformwsstheactionoftoofathersinOongreaa*Theyad-Stateshaddismissedmanyoftheirrepresen-Representativessometimes—thedemocraticpartylathe '^ZZj^Z^JTMhaa^nwwteofoversmamailservicetothePactftc.Themktea thetewStates of theSouthwest ascapitalpublic,thattheywbotakeuptheswordasaweapon thiswonderfulmaehtae,whentthadnewty tativesherefortoogreatfidelitytofreedom,Senatealways.Whichofthetwoistbemostproecnp ofcontroversyshallperishbythesword.Inthetatter^bandsrf ttsalmost^rm^Mn,wmtStates, because it wss practically impossible to do saeet aa Friday,and intend reporting aa otherwise, and by the ordinance of 1787, coafirmei in bill at once. The idea of abandon] 1789, they provided for the onrenfiukm and admis-and too great distrust of the efficacy of that now livev Come,if you will, into the free States, intothecase, the lamented deaths of so many ciUzens slain from an ambush and by surprise—all the more lamentable be- cause they were innocent victims of a frenzy kindled,tionof myearner>sars_,_ajtooagVtt wasjbea&iVJmmf^iS!R Sri besYsy^pato^s^nWkind favor its oaolismaace, I ex- n^thatttwUI «snd and work right on, matil fearItsfailurenomorethaiwenow apfswitoaiunwillosasetaboldhaeternalpiecetotbeaervtee from New York has trted upon both ousasatttees,hot Sodsfew of the enormous weight of upwards onatter uytne Pacific, andaion o f only tabor States in tbe Northwest. They d i- rectedfngWvesfromservicetoberestorednotascnat- tois,butaspersons. Theyawardednaturalizationtoim- migrant free laborers, and thoy prohibited tho trade in Afrtoaa labor. -Ibis disposition or tbe whole subject was hi harmony with the ooadition of society, sad, inthe main, with the sptritof the sge. The seven NorthernHarbor, amoag my neighbors in the Owaaco valley, holddent and Congress hesitated, but not long. They revised your convention*, nominate your candidates, address without their agency, In Tar distant fires—toe deaths evenbond of peace, and bad replaced them with nartisans who were oaly timid, but not unwilling. Tbe democratic Presi-State of New York, anywhere from Take Eric to Sagand eoBcededto you so much? Can you justly assumethat affectation which has been s o complying c a n a l l a tonce changeto hatred intense and inexorable? You saythat the republican party is a sectional one. Is the demo- we have enjoyed, wc have had these new illustrations in craticpartyIrassectional? Isiteasierforustoboaryour KansasandVirginiaoftheexistenceamongusofaclass sectional sway than fo/ you to bear ours? It it oareasoaa- of men to misguided and to desperate as to seek to enforceand judgment o f t h e people, to b e pronounced by suf-peace, aad was destructive of human happiness and hu- man life. It is a painful reflection that, after to tang a a experteBoe of the beneficent working of our system astioralal in tbe first forty years of tbe republic. Its nature £ « * r f ° r J ^ . l n t e r r ^ & iogbTto have satis. tbs country through as doubts sad fears, confirmed by itsfled tbe most saorWdJW«TMU"^ "^u^ au^ years,andforeverafterward. Itisnotwiseanlbenefi- Butssintbecos.of^^y^foSS'tal^egra plot,tions, Istobe retaasKl and changed, in ord?r that toe aa tionmsybavettsjnstaadnaturalanlfreedevelop?m' ii then,indeed,si.tbewindsofcontrarersyaretatlty that counta its votes u* tola land of free speech aad trte press by the hundreds of thousands have any secret designs? Wbo bj the conjurer, ana where are the biddenfrom aH points of the political compass, w « s e ^ objects and mea oaly through hazss, astern and doubtful aadlurid hgbta. Ttmeartostemsto i* ^T*»S«. our fset, snd the pillars of the noble fabric thai PTM£** us to be tremblkg beforeoareyes. ^ . ^ . 7 ^ , 7 end of all this agitation comes at ^ ^ ^ T ^ J l ^ T ^ ably:thetumultsofthe^^^^^aaTonl/ oar* ^ ^ ^ % » ^ .a?** to^baTeblSrayodihavefreedom.». throughtbsdirectexercise oftbs executivepowerToearTMb,^«wnwill,heldasaalaveTerritory:and New Mexico has related voluntarily tnto the prac- spates are free tabor State*..J^f^Htoede Island, Coo or sueoreisate. m»y pleas* tietr awsSfwtS artdtr, is asm tice of slavery, from which she bad redeemed horsaffwhite she y e t remaned a part of tbe Mexican republic.r f out,whereverItworksoat y " " ! ^ B0matterbowon^.fEsm^ wort c^an^thmBT"^ ^ * Llytheequalofhisemployer.^"'Iw8.are-M-'oe,SowHampshire. btaaeecJmetttt, «*•?• >exMj!vaLia, .jhio, painted frteaom,fit te coaea babtat, but are, tadoqg,bl1gnecucut, Now Ywk, New Jersey, ^ *n-•publican party, as derived from tho relations of tbe re Ibere to remain a wreck, instead of a citadel of a world's preseEtat>v£8otthetwopartiesatthiscapital. Hesays besthopes.1remainnowtatheopinionIhaveuniformly that he has see n here in the representatives of the lower expressed, here and elsewhere, that these hasty threats SouthernStatessmostresoluteandearnest spirit ofre-one. I know their public haunts and their private waysWe are tot a rmstlie republic, or representatives of one.We confer together, but only as tbe organs of every pa-tytbe republican party c a n a n d will, if tmwavertnsjy do, and must do in a political system which obliges us t o acd knows that he will be helpless, powerless, hopeless,end vasmb bora ta tbe tenure and o—uuaucm of a-rathThe republican party knows, as tbe whole country willis in t h e capital States yet even there tt will advance like an army with banners, whining t b e tavor of the whole people, and it will be armeo with toe national conlldet.ee anl support when It shall be round toe only party that defends s n d maintains t h e integri-aidisunionaresounnaturalthattheywillunaBOhandto execute them We ore ot Oae race, an>guage, liberty and faith :ergaged, indeed, in varied industry; bnt even that industry,sodiversified,bringsusintomoreintimaterela- tions with each other than any other jieojik-, however ho-us.fulstrrcmre, to*' JS5aaaaaver, still suata uasaoved, ^mgaadtaisaoTrtls,%KBtuaxs or pa. MocutaMr riotous, (dem) of ri.,said tb s remarks of tbeS,BstorfromKew Tork e-.cta*-d saassault upoatoe democrat*party,especiallytorotationtothe KansatNe»aWI»»««*»rWcb •» tMr ***#*) w** tbe**»bor. [COKIDfUID ON EltiHTQ PAGE.]v i,t•* 