'presentstate of affairs in SouthernWASmNSTON, Nov.between 10 and 12 o'clock.Mi. Haklu and Senator TamanLL leave on Sator- day for Washington, the former going direct, and the latter vii New-York. Several politicians are ; none, how--.JM»'. X.—NO. 2H63THE SECESSION MOVEMENT.Th« Fdsition of the President Banks propose to discount to the amount of fire mil- lions, which will speedily make money easy in this3Sjeto-l0il ®ime^. NfcW-VORK, FRIOAT. NOVEMBKK 23, 18tt..and Cabinet Explained.Georgia Docs net yet Consider Herself Ont ortbe Union.PHIIBERTUL ELECTORS TO BE CHOSEil.made nefsellKbteflaln. .Thla is Saturday night late. IAsa means of some throwingmmit having beenA massin Boston, Casitirldge, Lowell, 8?rtrthh|g-Charleston, 8. C. fllAKCIAL CONDITION OF THE COUNTRY.meetingfield and NortIthey would respoiia little barefeet that fiostsof anappr< aist preaeiier hastboea any oftkfm I forand knew well howgl,liadly a eoBtribution for akaea for the already reddened with the Winter One local Metho- In tills county, and notBaktmoR, Siefamond, lorMk, Peters-tar^ WheeUog, Chtclestoa, aad Eiaewtere.•VH ni<BGKAPBIC DISPATCHB8.law.The Bank of ChesterJftoi-sacbwewaat Teiynncfe. or eloth to makeThe Coort-Hartial for the trial of BoKXXLaB has bees adjooraed to Albnqnerqae.Van prominent position in the fair one In the social, wepoUUcal wortd and a shaU have at last ar.toter does -not beiiere the Union can be kept together by force.our good friends East can pay/reighta,rather salaries be pay anyilCktpcfceabljsecede, ;bywhere he will report on the 17th proximo. Dispatch to ths Associated Press.Q.The right ol President BuooisAii to entertain and carryoathisownTiewais notquestionedbyany Cabinet oacer, and Ik is preparing these tIcws for tils HesHge. W^e he will deny the ofthismorning.BANK SUSPENSIONS IN WASHINGTON. -Wasbihotox,Thursday,Nov.22. Tbe District of Columbia Banks suspended spe-cie payments lo-day. 'i here is no panicFROM ALABAM.A.Committee. Col. Rosxars, of Vernon, passed Oceola yesterdayfrom the customs. The drafts paid amounted to about tance, whoprofesf^l (2,000,000,aportionfortheredemption treasury nerofpullingtheiSpes,suggestedthatitwouldbenotes, leaving subject to draft •1,195.000.The amount of lands sold, during the year endingwith Jtue, was 3,467,000 acres, and the amount re- ceived therefor, $1,844,000.BlaTCBiCBiaaf Mcasra. lilaeala aad Hamlia.right peaceable Mcaarien, he will show that he has no legal power toaction. Be does not they really burned by MoineoiuaT. see affairs asare.s. Sia. HO«s,jrholB beUeved to be Mr. B. Wsea's pcivateit Independent of the difficulty of there neither Padaral Judge nor Marshal in SouthMosTOCiiUT declares that he intends carrying on Bat I feel well assured that the selling of the lands in the Fori Scott District is the work of a neat of cor.,prerentbctn|Carolina, Ike acts of 179i and 1807,theonly aeUia force CD the sabject, give him no authority for udng either the Militia or the Federal forces to enforce the ezecatioa of the United States laws, after Congress has been In session thirty days. The power must •oaie from Cengress. Such is the view of Mr. Ou- Gaaai>, after a thorough eiamlnalion of tlie sabject ky hinuelf and Attorney- General Buck, and on this ka will act, without objection on tbe part of hiaCab- lact, aeasation dispatches to the contrary notwitli-the war tmtll IM frees every negro in Soathwest Mis-—TBE VHION ELEMENT—PBOBABILITIES OT souri. Large quantities of guns, revolvers, cutlasses, who, to carry out their purposes, would embroil thebeen received from South Carolina. They hare all been wiuheld. Q.BiSPiTOB TO TBI isaocians paigs. Wabbihotos, Thursday, Nov. 22,As an advocate of the latter construction and a probable delegate to the Convention, Col. T. H. Watts, a representative of the conservative party, but an unconcealed partisan of the secesaioo movement, and now one of the most popular men of the Slate,chaserfeelsmovedtogive.[BT TILISaAPH.] 'boofcattle.The Gazette is out in a long article condemning themanandMessrs.SiHiiorts andB.W6od,untiltke4th day of last February, when the candidate for City In- spector i^peared in the office of Mr. Z. E. StaaeNSiia kaomi bat that thi« dlf-HeraWt dlapatcbes. defendingto investTbe io^Rssion is more ILrmly iixed here toHlaythaa ctct, that a dissolution of the Union is ine*itabis.I aa satisfied ,that tbe Cabinet has little hope of theTOTtise. TIte enlarged edition of the John Brown occupied In the discussion of Ills pJeHiif Tfeis dis- (aid, new going oo in Kansas, will sdB msre iailime cussion, which resulted Intfee poblic mind at the South, and the impreaiion is, olutions first revealed a factfbatanlcss the Northern Spates put down the brakes at oaoe, the train must run olT the track, with a gen- eral smash up.LITTSB rBOX MB. BABHCV, OrTEBINO 11,000 herefromdifferentparts of the Union prominent citizens, who have heretofore acted with WOBTB OP TICKETS FOB THE BENBni Or ever, of any prominence.Witthe South continue to come in as usual. The atate- Ume. and ihe existence of Noith CaroHnaas» mem- inpplT OS. Cases of suiferlng meet me.'b^ At •»PRJCE TWO CENTS.ber of thisments of repudiation by Southern creditors are un- Confederacy haebeeo ignored by her ar-rnfi ant and pretentious neifUior. Why, than, shouldtrue, so far as this city i^ cone rned. Should the North Carolina tuck benelir to the tail of the great(!) Febraaiy will farisg Ibitlt.''irigHUfiTO-f.CITY HALL. Aaedaa-AItpossible light otbt the mysterious disappearance of fifty 'lyM'^spd dol- lars from the tieasury of the Artisans' MtfL a fewTwe later Im thus writes emergency require it, the .Directors of all the Boston n<iti<,n of South Carolina, and share the fate which " daysBapprrsa tke Kaa-e\ety particular, and if the nation C) of C^aro- "fInaNCIAL AFFAIR.-^ IN PHILADELPHIA. ilna great''ttf• BOSPENEION or TBK BAHKS. Phiusilpbia, Thuraday, Nov. 23.The Bank Presidents met at noon, to consider the propriety of suspension, and resoivei to suspend specie payments at 1 o'clock.The action of the Bank Presidents in suspendingConsults her interests, why may not bar more modest and uupretending neigMior consult her inter- ests!"dais to priorspecie payments at the present exigency, is regarded with favor by business men and tlC Tressand as a preTentlve to the scenes of of panic 18S7.kls Jay.hmwkpra—Call far V. 8. Waxsaw, Mo., Thursday, Not. 22.as ameasure, to enable Banks to expand their discounts,washeldhere toThe banks of thiscity suspended specie paymentpeople starvingWinter, to be turned vpon the bleak prairies to per-with your permission, will state the facts In anotherdetermined,precautionaryday for the purpose of organixing a military company to go, if necessary, to the aid of our brothers on the border.An immediate meeting of the Legislature Is sug- gested for the double purpose of relieving the Bwks fresB tfee operation of the '>»"H"g laws, and consider-sam fcaia( claimed as commission, at one percent.,oBalaaaoCBesolutions were passed; among them the following : Rtaolve^, That we do not desire in any way to in- terfere with Kansas Territory or its citizens, while inWuliiagtn, PbitoMpUa, ing the legislation of the State on the FuglUve Slave they confine themselves to their owa soil, but we owe to the citixens of our own State a duty when assailedBe was one of tbe oldest and most$20,000, which Mr.forMr.Sraaoss. ifcorrect, and he h> a man who has ooeupied aCounty suspends specie pay- ment to-morrow. All country Banks will probably]reiitake tbe same course.Setolved, That in oar opisioD the PreaUent sluiuld at once take such decided and prooipt action in the enforcement of the lavrs, and of out-dear Btatt, tlie wbole TonttaT, who are poor, are locking (o'lw.' aad^Tlnt befas, we cannot look back! • • • keptmesofar.Brevet Maj. PoaTia, Assistant Adjutaa^General, is assigned to duty according te his brevet rank.rived at the definite solutlonofBiaBy mysteries In Citv 'DemocraUc]eoUties.HFlnancial editors express the opinion ttiat the con- dition of affairs this afternoon is evidence of a healthy state of trade and cheerfulness among business men.suppreasUmlaws, as the exigency of the times demands, and that it is the duty of the Governor of Missouri at once toSixCol. GaOBMAN.and expended considerable soma toFROM WASHINGTON.gznmsim-OFTBs pusiourr abd cabibr oh There has been more discounting to-Uay than for any tect our citizens and enforce the laws.fiailrosd at that moment the con- Company Winthrop,cal foriunes of tbat infact,tbathismeansbecameallaieTH> WircTS HU—NO CXNEXIS UTUBH8 WWOM ifesting every disposition to accommodate. No fail- meeting adjourned until next Saturday.menthrough the States who don't understand their busi- ness, and in many Instances what they send won't beaOUTB CASOIIXA.WASHanms, Tbondar, Not. 22.nat a differmce of opinion ezista umohg SM?ures are reported. Quotations for specie are unset- tled, but may be rated at from 3 to 5 per cent., the lat- ter for small purchases.Tbe following handbill is now circulating through thecoiutry.in this miml-aecka and aeading ttiem to Illinois. They have Capt.promisedof the Republic, at tbe comer ofMcalMi* of tbe Fre»iUeat'( Cabinettoachlngtheinvaded, aadof a State•very weU-lnfanned peraon bervfartnee of opinion has led to any onpleasaot dlOcttl-ty(ln Cabinet meeting, ia nhoUy untrne. Nor are theCabinet dlTided as stated in theCot. Fmtb ia erroneously represented aaIke right of and faTorable to secession, wliUe Gen. specie payment. Cam Is Tary open In his opposi on to It j'yet the let-T^NaarOlE, Va., Thursday, Nov. 22.promisedtoes down here from the center of Illinois at les«pota- thanwasrefused,Mr.WBEILINO.Not for mtal-aacka andand that he wouldturned out of office before a week.The branches of theand Portsmouth have suspended specie paymentMoimrrH, who noiTTirginiaBank at NorfolkThe Farmers' Bank of Norfolk has also WaiiLiMo, Va., Thursday, Nov. 22.Let uspre-I desire very much, Mr. Editor, to tell your readers the alarming state of affairs in Kansas. Aidldonal SomeCB008IKQ DELI0ATE8 TO TBE STATE CONTE:;nONapiratora at Fort Scott ; a set of heartless apeeuatora,Nor. 22. Hod. Hamnibai. Hamlin arrived this morning, and waa presented to Mr. LiaooLa, Gso. W. Gass, of the Tremont House, performing tbe ceremony. Tnis forenoon the President and Vice-Prestdct elect, and other members of the party, visited the Wigwam andSECESSION.CTTOfaHdinee of Ike Nnc-York Time;MosTsoKxaT, Ala., Saturday, Nov. 17, 1880. A caucus meeting was held at the capitol this afternoon for the purpose of appointing delegates for the city and county of Montgomery, to the Convjen-tion to be held in January. As the choice of these^ delegates is probably equivalent to their election, andthe East. Unless the President sends out troops to Niw-Yoax, Nov. 20.take and hang Hobtooiiut and his men, we may ex- PBESIDIHT BUCHANAN'S CONTBIBDTION.pect for many months a reign of terror on the border. In proof of the kind ^sposition of the President to-wardtbe ofKansas,Isubmitthefol- LsAviavosra, K. T., Thursday, Nov. 22. starving peopleanxious to serve at the him, suggestingas this meeting will Illustrate thecinity, it may not be without interest to give it a mote than passing notice.relief of the sufiiering people of Kansas.With an amiable ol>edience to the Immemorial custom in gatherings of this kind, several hours werethe Free State and Republican Parties. KANSAS.Kansas Citt, Thursday, Nov. 22. AunoAa Muaacit. Friday, Nov. 0.Tbabssus Htatt, Xa^.made aTailabla, IwiUapntrimta •1,1(0 worth' of ad-Kansassullerers. Theseticketswillcashbegoodlor one admission at any one time. TrulT yours.P. T. BARNUM. KB. MTATT'S KIFLT.Fram Saaia Fe. Inaranuics, Mo., Wednesday, Nov. 21.obliging as to adyance himtMs sum ofof the were just ambiguous meeting enoughnobly icans,crysufleriug.accept your gen- able to take care Amer- thantheywereThere have been no special meetings of the was called upon ti state his views. He declared miitee," touching the distribution of relief raised East Cabinet to consider questions growing out of the se- himself strongly and fully In favor of secession ; still and sent into tbe Territorv. My purpose here is notlief Committee there have been, so far, distributed commitllng any depredations. and then and tliere hiinded to Mr. Suniom, throofh from this point 76,590 pounds of provisions, cibsisting Business in Santa Ft Is very dull, and money scarce. his bookkeiper, a certified check for $10,000—belag flour, meai, beans and potatoes. Appllcatltyis tiave There is no news from the Plains of special impor- half payment in advance for the promised place ; Mr.feelingof the vi-leavingunchanged usuallythe andconfirmedproposed,looked here in the picture of the coming changes andHe confirms theder of five men, and the capture of others, who haveriver, and from there the roads are in very bad condi- tion.men..,:There are two infusible parties. No foiee or reason can unite, really, the oldarrangement werethe futurereached Santa Fi from the TOlanteers innote of the 9th Inst. I have just received. In the pursuit of the Navajo Indians. Tbe campaign was promised him, he could doubtless make tems withindependency.Letters have been recelred here from many points Whig element and the excited followers of Uie De- Capt. MoHTQOuxar and his gang of jay Hawkersr P.T.BAaNCH,Esq.—ifyDearSir:YourverykindNews hadtempting,for beside alargeboaa*at the South, stating that the Minute Men were se-cretly orgaiiizing to rally a large force at Washington•B the 4ih of March next, to attack the WlJe Awakes,moci acy. The resolutions proposed as tbe platform are well armed with Sbarpe's rifles and re- navyto ilieof tbet j a-Jmlt of the question, wuether it was to t>e construed aa meaning that tlit State would, uruiir aU circunstances, bind htreti/ to aectde, or as meaning simply that sheThey have plundered the town of Paris andSimossandBswAiaaWeoaIkat aad applied for more men to take care of tlie stock. in a very few days from that date, he bitHight dowB The soldiers from Hatch's ranch made an attack with hlm to the policy-office a wealthy and pfoialasat on some Camanche Indians that came into Cha,iitu to manufacturer residing in one of the np-towa Waida The four thousand tickets thus generously oontrib- trade. They fired on them while they were at the of the City, w ho desired to emerge into pobUe life uted by Mr. Baxsuh are for sale at the offices of the trading houEC, and -then took all their horses and left. with all the glory of holding a prominent piaee aa Tntnine, TiuxB, World aad Sun ; each ticket, bearing The horses were sold In Santa Fi, a few days ago. the dispenser (under the Mayor's orders) of very coB-the signature of Mr. Htatt, admits one person, and Since that the Indians have retaliated by going In open siderabie Democratic patronage.the price paid for it may l>e 25 cents or $25, as the pur- day to Hatch's ranch, and driving off 460 Government Negotiations lingered along between tlilr gentle-and by tt'general row to prevent the inauguration ofMr. LiHCOUi. T^ese Knights of the Bludgeon should «ould withdraw on coni^iriofi ofa favorable coopera- Territory,'in the absence of Gov. Mbdakt, to comeNo. 46 Morton-street, Nov. 13.tion of other States. Sides were taken on this ques-tion, which, for a time, threatened to divide the meet- aaarch the Winchester Brigade to Washington and ing ; but the general desire for unaninoity finally car- prcTent the inauguration of John Q. Adau^. ried tbe resolution each, side holding to tils own con-It is an interesting fact that no census returns have struction.remember tbe threats of Gen. Dasxi, of Virginia, togenerally ;T(««^.suspendedpare to defend our homes. (Signed,)D. C. BALLOU, MARKL. MEANS, JAMES ATKINSON,as a messenger to the Governor for aid.It was rumored on the streets toniay, but since de- I wish to state distinctly, that I do not believe Mr.the res-her enormous lollies wUl bring on her f North Caro- lina, we apprehend, is not so enamored of either free trade or c*>a;> negroes as to leave the Union to get them. Her Interests are exactly the other way Inis seaMO. It brought me out all and straightTHEFTcpmradane of the BliaaeBrlaBs fkr De> f^nee—Tke latentlaBS »t BI*Btc«aBery aadanythiiig,' said she,two batteries and Aldeimen which transferred the fundsa band of ourselves to perform.Capt.bymidnight assisslns, wliich we pledge them of. IVoelta M«a*fl» are inTaloable know, from seven cxnetlence io '9S.assend men and armsTHE BDBJICrePSipZSSION—A KVMOB ABOOT day during the last two weelu. The Banks are man- Various Committees 'were ^>pointed, when the it all to handle myself, ana bring across the ferry from inspection duties.VIliGIMA BANKS.scEFiiisiONS m N.'*oFOLB, rwttuovTa and dered, by a band of Abolitionists from Kansas. Under and itOur State has beenfriends mur-he admitted that should South Carolina only with- to criUcise that Committee, or express any opinion been received and supplied from 20 counties.' "They tance. aeskionmovements. Harmonylias liithertochar- draw,hewould"hesi'.ate.' Henceheiswhatis ai>cutit,oranyofitsmembers: Ialludetothedii- statetbatalthoughtheyhavesofarbeenablet^atleastCaalasradaaa.SiMHoNS at the same time handing to this candidate^ bookkeepertwonotesfor$5,000each,drawnbyMr.acterised their proceediucs. it was to-day authenti- called a coaperationist you -,will become familiarb. Wood and at three and six payablectily staled that nothing has recently occurred in with this term perhaps.their deliberations to produce distraction. Mr. Yancxt appeared as an advocate of the opinionlaconia,ceived from New-York deprecating tbe secession of the lAltk sTrsmsiOK in cbablkston—bteekaoi South,statingthatsuchacoursewouldbringtheNorthcome up fiom all parts of the Territory of ICQ miles:from the ex- appiicatioas come.—rASSKKOEBS 8I>T KOBTB COTTOH DOWN.CHAXLSsToa, Thursday, Nov. 22. Tlie Farmers' and Exchange Bank suspended to-week. They came from the North, and will be sent;Hill, WaisHT *Messrs. B. Woodday.The steamship ytakvilU took outsatisfactiLn, ajid is received with more unquestioning belief, tbanthis "starving out the North," ai It is tailed. All look with confident toDxLAVAN while the Slate Legislature was in session.The moment that body bad adjourned all wouldbe right. But even after the Legislature ha-i ad-the electidb ofsei.UirenVtn the State, incidentally advises tjie Legis-lature to elect electors on Saturday, which was adopted.news from tbe Pacifickave beeil invited to seata onbecause an unbiased statement of the question of in-terest does not and cannot come to the people.17 Henry Genet.lead in theprovisions arriving at Atchison for the starv- CharlestoB.ing, feel, I doubt not, quite to know thatdelighted To the KditoT of the Sew- York Timeathe Pennsylvania RailroadMr. Mostsith, and Lis brother.Lciooui,and topromotethe floor of the Senate. quite feible at Marietta, and eeoid not go to Mllledgtviiie lo vote as a Breokin-jrtdge elector if the Leglslaiure should select him. Itb probable that the Legislature will take a re-vision of my excellent friend Pohisotthegood peo-and Is refusing to receive fromresidence in Ma. soil, that hei• Bx-Gov. McDosiLu IsTheIdc a of secession is last growing familiar, and some ple;friinht here, isunfounced. Everycess after the 1st of December, some think At this lime of sint die, Lprophecies, when every man done T Who pays freights t Who is at Awhisoa andoOun to a fixed time, and ethers subject to a call of the Governor.bearer ofvery nrInstruBISBl,arbttbSTOCKS IMFEOVED, AC.Bainiioas, Thursday, Kov. 22.(ohitilc for a otherwise than forhere and decide immediate secession.Mr. B. Wood,the second note for $S 000. For the balance still dueTbe Banks to-day discounted to the extent ofaearly a iiillltsil dollars. The merchants are greatlyrelieved. Tkere Is no special demand for coin. „.. =Mr.FLETCBKB'sLECTtJBES.-Rev. J. C. Fletcheb,from him by me from time to time. A more vivid pic- commences this evening his series offive of lectures on to be obrerved as a day of thanksgiving and prater Mr. fl. Wood's, dated last September, and ^TaUe*' honor." He mentioned a letter which he had re-—treme portions, even—some of them from a distancewithby all parties here. In fact, nothing gives more generalnot handed over asand Z. E. SiaaoHS at first exeased themselvesto bankruptcy—an idea regardedpeculiar f^^orbargalned'^ifcT.expectation see Southerner questions that100 steer- theage passengers. About 300 more will be shipped this this class comprehends seven-eighths of the nopula- be generous souls of Galesburgh and Knozviile, are nated 6. Hall Eleventhnearlyoperatives (andwhattinto this place the goo<l people of Illinois, especially In the Second District the following were nomi-tionof the North ?) rising up in civil war for want of labor and bread. Every reference to secession was:now pouring cir-ioads of provisions, asking of us to Ward, Joseph L. Perley;Thirteenth Ward, Henry S.paint lin-street.SiaaoKSapologizingfor the npn-fnlfilThe pay freights only, and purchase meal sacks—the least, JenningsarderoftheMayor. meetingwasclosedwiththeelectionofCol.Watts surely,thatwecandobesidessendingclothing. teeuth Ward, Henry A. Smithback at Ibe expense of the Steamship Company by received with tbe most tumultuous;»t0,000owned by Hcoh Baxklit, andit aUthe sus^nsion of I^ortheiu Buuks will have an im- portant and iavorable effi^ct against seces^iun.thoughtful of the citizensmaybe done wiih all the lights of calm,'unbiased Thomas Ste-;There has been a torch light procession to-night,—fireworks.FSOM GEORGIA.TBI LX9I8I.ATUBZ TO CHOOSE FBESIDENTIAL ELECTOBS.MiLUsaanu.!, 6a., Wednesday, Nov. 21. Gov, Browx, in a special Message, in view ofgei'tleman;agentpolities ipd lo bivume a little disgusted. He indtted perlorniance of contract, and demaaded eiiher to have his money refunded or the place of Ci^I';John D. Oltiwell. Eighleenth Ward;;Tbe CallforBla Paay Expresa.Wood represented tion, thatjournalthat in ca>e ofJudgeDooatAS'of,'j!II"suuis I") advertise that they will convey money or Jonathan T. Trotter, Twelfth Ward—ward to secession as a certainty, desire still tnat it*ever is sent to Atchison must be for general distribu- were made tion, and ii must be new clottung, or goods suitable Lent, Fifteenthto the linastthe termof the news publicis not jHipuiar in;Ward TAMIIAMT ALDEBHANIC CONTENTIONS.$40,000 or $5(1.100 But the gentlemanhiselegant a.'-ecoibiy, but no fiiet>d5Twenty-first destitute in Kansas, and consigned to the " Central C. C. Plnckney, Twenty-first Ward.report.;deci.-ion of this cians.;;givespopular and tbe desire is to put thePress, as wellas thepublic,are underpoliUciansquestionout of the hands of thepoliti-The TammanyAldermanlcConventions met lastmaniy and efficient managersof thePony Express,a union of wl;ich there is no other currency than credit. This their suffering friendsbe carefiil to direct your pack- 1Tkara was a killing frost at Augusta this morning. ti is SlateFROM MARYLAND. gi^e inuicaiions of a Union element in the popula-that press dally upon him? Did anybody ever pausea moment to reflect that this generous souled man the factspecUve of party,formerly It sustained a branch depository ed with a service of silver plate,s'a;e expectedHKATT SIBCODKTS BT TBK BALTIMOBE BANKB— lion where it is least ; still with theenoughStocks are improved, but only in proportion to the re- ••lief from the suspension of the Banks. The general of ^orth CaroJlna?" pr,«;ee,ls as lollowaspectofaffairsisunchanged. W. FINANCIAL AFFAIRS IN BOSTON.land will be thus nature, taken onby anyTke Edtnbargk Oatward Bannd.s. loi.lv of what 'he <leeme<l h»r'BE BAKEB FBIFABES TO OlgCOOKT nTK MIL- u.,t paid the slightest aiicnUon to The in'tere.ts of£iintiurgh,forcialCotton Stales all the^:^^:^^jjstiutlme to pay freights.lillnuis is la earnest toUntitled DocumentKoseriousresultsthefinan-ac- knowledgethereceiptoffiftydollarsfrom-Mrs.L.,UOHB.BosTOH, Thursday, Nov. 23.of lina. It is Canltna and theekeapl^Jroe.on her way.haveyetattended pressure, and remlttances^from the hottest partdiespeerhesandproceedingsIn SouthCaro- TbkiH.si-8rontrlbuiionof$200.Itwasagod-send:Grand Juryaudnistntt-Attorneyshouldbediractad.fhave so far accustomed themselves to the thought of a peaceful and legalized withdrawal, that they begin to di-'cuss the.question of their rights to the pubUc lanis.dispatched daily;year by getUugMiyorloflippantreemstuhave an oracle In his own house, it mayIssue in reference to the American Sunday-School Union, Is liable to be misunderstood. This Societycurious scientificteem like an assumption of modesty, on my part, \o tay thai I cannot decide what will be the aeUon ofhaulinggas preseat,11.justof$20,0C0—ilO,OOil;thatueed help t That it is quite for hi n to la that city, which, however, was sold several years valuable gold watch. The contemplated depariure of uas JK't t^iV'.n, nor kaa the whole of the $10,0Cii hea*advices from the surrounding countryand Mrs. Basks apre<ent of public sentiment, I caimot see how it will bestaeeto a bookseller. BURTIS. J. H.causes much his neighbors. .TkaaluciTiai In Mlasoarl. JimasoH Citt, Thursday, Nov.Convention to meetCongress will all return to Washing-buyths lateWeaiLers ofton at Itast until ihe 4ib of March.f>t"lTHCAROLINA. -The Raleigh R-?,„„, afierthe 23th, candidate for now holds a note of City InspectorshipALABAMA. W hat claim asking the question,the foiluwlDgprivaterecelvei,fourmonthsfromdale—tbeCrotonBoard,tha and the stock iahas f outh (;aroIina on thecooperaUonThursday, Nov. 22.'Thisis a que>tion whichItNorth Carolinian to ask him^ell. i, is man fest th7t•' I :Two carloads haveMy office Is filled dally with ap-»en becomes everv her ffcesson move bouiu Carolina has taken" r.„?n.he thus writesam nowotherbtales. ShewantsA«„ad,undai«l fhe secedes that she may get Uiem. As far asNorth Carolina is concerned, we oo not re.uem-ber lo haveseenhernamementionedin anyofplic-ants;NoB-ArriTal af Sambt Hook, Thursday,applause.Eleventhwas insuredfor$10,000. DaringthefireanCotton is 'still loiter. Prices are irregular, and and Mr. Ya»cst as of the The As to clothing, (and while on this subject we do not Simon Hazeiton.representatives county. to take charge of any private donation,) what- In the Third District the following nominationsLoss, $18,000;pointedAlderman Tuohas Stubixb,Board, flMdfavor cash buyers half a cent. Moderate men thinli strongest hopes were entertained by all the more propoietook place In the store, which prostrated walls and crushed two frame buildings aijoining.If th.tt wouldand they also pressed him eagerlytoMy:spoL Jl,a screw by the St. steamer passed here, going east, supposed to be theinterpVtt S hJi gfrtvedperformance-thaiNEW K«II8i8 TROUBLES.light one company of infantry, now City at Fort Leaveawonh, and two companies of esTalryalongour Westernborder,topro-satitfactlon merely and to this; justmontha. It was, of coui se, the understanding that these notes should be destroyed whenever the drawer of the certi-TO ABKSAssistantrelieved fronr duty on the Pacific, and is assigned tosome of the Grand Jury and citizens murdered. Mis-souri is threatened. A is to be formed military companyon Saturday next, and let the peoplts come In en maaae.All u we can ;!! Our country is in danger. Rally rally;lung delayed.!WuuAiis,the Head-quarters of the Department of tlie West,D. F. ALEXANDER, J. E. B. BAKKLBY,subject, assared that:js.r«. MWaxsaw, Nov. 22.to fill all I send. I can com and putless than cents bushel twenty-five perlliaRsittt kjt City Inspector—that he iMrtdourthe 1«{|4 vl MoHlwiuii. Fort Scott iiu beea takenby then, the Circuit Court has been broken up, and osebu^ueloi ferainneeu De;H0'ria«d. It will ail be', w'^m. ^.•."miJPIip. commonicatlcn.nied, that Balls' mills, in Vernon County, had been BncBANAB is >tireii(i<maUf a party to this cruel trans-ofinUmacy with the man- properandotherVarImplementshavebeenshippedtoKan- countryagainincivilwar," avaU. sasas foodforthesuffering." TheyweresentfromothermeanscanIn view of theKansas, a call has been issued for a pablic meeting to Messrs. Rises * Co.:fortune. ButMr.Snuiossannouncedthatthesustain Gov. Misast, in enforcing law and order inthe Territory. The call is signed by a number of JAMBS BUCHANAN.:Dr. Maseit, of Fort Scott, arriTea here thisCTenfig. 'Be XtKrSH'*BiiS'mTxrniS^TA.'~TU iliaMitiehcts«f^aM'lK«aaifbrtir«aeltar tbeThe New Mexican Mailday behind Ome, bsTingbeen detained by heavy'snowstorms from Santa F6 to the crossing of the Arkansas by Mayorover- rumors of the burning of the town on Monday nightby the Boaid of Aldv- The adTAB^Bfes to Mr. Moniin in tUs |»ii|ii«sdmidst of the dreadful apathy that prevails, I am re- very successful, and a large number of Indians were the future City Inspector as to a pramiaeat aad joiced to find one sympathizing heari responding so killed and taken prisoners, and more stock captured lucrative position for himself Eagerly, thersfin*,are Ineoriect.accounts of the mur-probably met the sam^ fate.volvers.arrested many of Its citizens.of,The people have petitioned the Secretary of the to their assistance with Federal troops.SUFFERING IN KANSAS.""Peraonal Observationa of Mr, ThaddcaaB;att.To lit EiitOT tftke Nexu- York Timea :In the Winter of 186S I was in Kansas, and there bad opportunity to learn the dlssatiifaction then felt by the people with their " Terriioiial Kansas ComI am sinceiely your friend,THADDEUS HYATT.onecountry that the people in Kansas have mis time credentials that they are yet unable to meet alf de- managed the relief matter for themselves. Where mands presented, and there are urgent calls for fur-The resignation of the United States Marshal for that this State ought to secede, even if all others organizations exist, the people of the township select ther and immediate supplies. Supplies are flveii as Tbe fire at Meredith Bridge (Laconia) yesterday fied check was appointed to the office of City Inspec-tanant of the Navy.FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.tive duty imposed upon Alabama to protect her own that Gen. 8. C. PoHxaoT, at Atchison, deals they visions for Southern ;Kansas,from wheremost oftheVIBE AT GA. ALBANY,this interview was not regularly taken Into the sesretMessrs. Wood and Smaoits, but tieby knewitiaaC>.' ''vance from his employer and MmrraiTB. Sofarallwentwell,buttbeCityInspeetarshipvraaforOenot be safe to removeshould remain in the Unionmorning^ destroyed thirty-five buildings, includingtor, and that he should tuen, also, pay down an aldi-that the question of union with other States of similar interests wasa sii'etheir ToAuship Committee,andthe collective Town- farastheygotoallbringingpropercredentMis re- ;;South Carolina was received by the President to-day-A. AsHBTaowa, of Georgia, lias resigned as a Lien- consideration, having nothing to do with tbe impera- mittee. It is with these Committees of the people anything misapplied. Six teams left to-day with pro- ance, 1 60,14)0. Many families are left destitute and Indebtedness. The Iwok-keeper who was present atship Committee of any county from the County Com- ceipts only being given to fasten the responsibility ofinsur-;Aleast, Ga., Thursday, Nov. 22. fire occurred here on the I9th inst., destroyingMab-GxABS&BauxNBAOK. Loss over the insurance, $I3,0C0. Thefirewaatheworkofanincendiary.riBX IN CHICAGO.CuiCASO, III., Thursday, Nov. 22.A fire broke out this morning at 5 o'clock in thetiusal sum of $10,000, giving a receipt in full for allAbraham all those wno, looking for- Ward T. Fif-sympathetic sense of rhetoric excites admiration, andCavil, Twentieth Wardbut the obtain possessionanyhim almost unbounded influence in a;siKiiiic1'fae difficulties in the money market seem increas-utter here a word of caution to those who avail them- followsthe recurrence of the present and past omissions to deliver the puuiicto the nearest telegraph sti- is at Fort Kearney.ifing— it is possible to compare two periods in wnich;assistanu as will effectually preventfor ciotlung. teenth Wardelec- woulJ become his official organ and The PCny Express with California dates of the entitled to all the publii; priming—an event which most govern tlie South." There were also music and appointment to this Convention. The fact Is, this heart, (and proving, too, that "corporations" have weiemade: Charles McCarthy, Nineteenth Ward; 10th inst, passed Fort Kearney at 4 o'clock this morn- would at once make ihe »10,000 worth of stock worthI observe that the American and United States Ex-reason the conservative, middle-aged an.i ElRtiteenth Ward.Si. Louis. Nov. 22. Thursday,of the Press at that station failed toproperty- venson,with transparencies, and the motto, '-The South holding men—that Mr. Ya!icet would not receive an press Companies, with very commendable kindness of In the Fourth District the following nomina'ions :to Leatenworth, free of charge, if fur theclothing SHcond Ward John Marshall.The heavy obliga- tious to Messrs. Rcssiu, Majos k Co., the gentle-selves ol this excellent and timely mode of reUevlogDiSt.Adjourned to Monday eveniag. agta plainly and accompany each package with a 3 JohnT. Henry.under ordinary circumstancesinsure tbe conilnuatice of tbe Union, but arguments 7.mightseem sufficient toItttir to the Central Committee at Leavenworth, ilis- 5. Laurence M. Van Wartwhich at presenttlnctly stating your wishes in regard to the packagefor aotldug, as grounds of inference now, first, be- at tbe same time, also. Inform your friends, by mall, IIThe PeansylTaaia PiTTSBcaoH, Thursday,rival in thisof ihis kind,howeverigood in times of quiet, are good 9.City.that this speculation was oue in gas, Mr.B. Weov*• BiMnsu. Rbxit, E. RcFTis and Gen. Pniow cause s^i are too- much excited to notice them, and of what you have done. 13. I'eter Masterson.East, when loads oftheyof tbe car-papers The AmericanSnaday-Sckeal Unl^BtheCity InspcitorshipUnderdateout of pocket about $400.Pibso.nal.— the Amongdown, and $10,000 to DOextracts fromthe of Oct.Ihe inexorable ex-caD>liJaieP^"^:..15. .Andre Froment. Now, as to the work at Atchison, under the super- W.is blocked withthe locjd West,ton of East bound produce Is no accumulation exists, and noWgea,atkU coulJ make a fortune lualfilJlso much is being done. But who knows hom it is Your dispatch from Charleston in this morning'sat Winthrop, apposiie Atchison, with his own team,all the Ireight himself, and at his office in Atchison listeaing to the accumulating tales of sorrow ownsa the candidatemightdevote all his days and much of his nights to this re- lief work, free of all charge, without askiug him tomeal sacks and pay freights ?Let me ask the attention of the humane reader toTo make a long story short, tke Cit§ baftetirAip Gov. Bakis for the West, regret among retumid. The first note of $5,000 was fioMlly paid byarcanaadrednow where dally,KLW THEY DO THINGS AT THE52" ^^^n?!? y'lv.^"" "•>« January' andThe City laapeetoraklp ap at J|i|.aBrae Gaa SpccaIatiaB> aad kaw Failed.:Year telearaoi to-day, to draw for $400, was justhave not yet left bi olBcelas been! Thirty^wo applications for aid) oung ladies, set oret elguteen years of age, came a Ices way to see what eould be done for ineir Utile brothers and sisters sit hone ; one of them said she had never knswn a sorrow until sow. 1 can stand'but Iwtgtr ." She came from a township not yet orBanlsed; so I emplo>ea her to do this w<HK, and f>«» her some of the ststisilcal blanks,.SSd can hold ovt, ail Kansas can begiven fietghta ."•only pay"rtiere there was one when vouKEW8 FilOMFroDipt Frrparatlana taaas Onibreak—Araay HareneBta—Caart- nartial—AaslnamratB, SecMew-Terk Times. WAiBiMM>, 'Thaisday, Nov. 22.The Adjutant-Geaeral lias just telegraphed to Gen.HA'aaxTtopioceed immediately to Fort Scott, irlth;and soch aday as this ! r<i>}Special Dlspatck toprepareo by y«a while ]iere. She vary glally took and three of infaiitry at Fort Riley-total 900 men— names and dates, tbe facts In an aetkm nfrw^re"'-hold of the work, aad added, I wiU fwnlsh yoa. Sir, withaUsto/ the' little ehOdreii who. eaaootoome to Sabbath-schoolfurwantor(Aouaadeiettiaf.' Ah, mydearBtait,howItiuaghtofthehappySabbatn- si bool children that I had oilen seen and addressed b'y"bondr-e—ds^withthe most expeditious planner of iriping out Most-iDg before thein which Mr. Wh. Mostsith, Ute a School Comiaia- sioner of the Twentieth Ward, appears by Hs Attar- neys, Messrs. SsiuKia and Tbatbb, nf IW Iffao street, and demandsGsrmentslnclAdre^eaiiJdbemadehereinalmost ofany of the destttutCtuoUes if tlier had the mmttriata,simple and warm. Bat Iwzee of sfcoas are a great de- weeks. sldentom ; they are luHlipwisiMe.respected citizensMoBTsiTB aUeges thatkeptoeaiai Mr. MonraiTH's statamenls beTODt/an&tkkfejnstIf your own purse bad not been deep and flrtt, we should have bad to last week. The moment I re-months leave of absence is granted to Lleut- CapL Wh. Matnadibb Is assigned to the OrdnsneeMoxTifTB,itappears,wasanardentaadasttTealoffuse to pay for and take the car olT the hands of theadvance the politi- gentleman. Somucbdidlwspeadknowourcoo- tract for low freigus is only by the car-load, and I haveemburasaad Mayor's iostalMI^ last January, Mr. Mortsitb applied to him for a iotract for low freights i^broken you ;in the absence ofWinthrop to Atchison. There are a himdred '* •]i)aeeworth tlie freight it costs.* • •Ism sUUbegghigcity. Ssthaad Broadw^ WkB-had promised out of Us Mmhalfprice you; and!carpet-bag'runningto himFxaKAKSo WooB, then occupying rooms over Ike Bi^k!I am in every good work, yours sincerely,S. C. POMBROY.pocket,have the City inspechar!WASBiNeToa, Thursday,in Southernwhose homes are about being sold oat by Govern- ment. Nine thousand in the dead ofof thelowing, which is a copy of his check:rapidMayerSICO.J13.House parlorsbadmadehhnado w hat he pleased with itit himself, being much occupied In his owa boshMM^ and also ieaiing that his partnership witk WtrntUtm WeoB might be severely commented npon. He,tkai» fore, would give away hia influence in saeaitog Hm place, to any geatlemaa of wealth whs wotild ba ••I erousoffer,and,inthenameof30.U00here,In short, mysuppliedinstructionsto azercdseliisownjtidgmentastoSupreme Coait of Uib tXCf^eeaiBT and his marauders terminate them.;l>at at all haxards ta ax-ICol. Cbsstsslaisea of New-York, died this forenoon at lagleside,Walsums, the father ef Gen. Wal- j near this city, after a paiafal Ulness of several weeks.jndgroent for ffK M(kut 1^.Wasldngtoa.Gen.W.lias beenhere for severalCol. Ceais, charged with andCapt. JoRis, Assistant Adjutant General, is assigned the City Inspector's Drpariment, wUeh had taaeaBureau,to inspection duty, and will report to Gen. Cboxcbili,Immediatelyafter theIsNov. 22. The President to-day received the dispatch of Judge WiLLiAHS, from Warsaw, acquainting him withto Gen. HAairsTson to all the available means sriihln his reach toThe receipts Into the Treasury, for the week endingish'. ButIfeartomakethisarticletoolong,and, onMonday,were.f1,432,000,including»4<l0,a00only waspreparingtodo,whenalawyerofhisaoquala-somethingpoor peopleKansas, •rders have been transniitted crush the Insurgents.tore-If noTHADDEUS HYATT.placePay to the order of TaADnsuspresentof theCitylnq>eetank% toHtait one hundred dollars, my subscription for the;tbat hewas aftaid to IriMreturn thanks and starving you blessings.Desr Shr—If be they cantwaatytkoa> dollars, wi& an andcrstandias th^ Ikto ^va should never be asked fei If tks fdaaa wasa ea^is^CaiCAse, Thursday,This suggestion was namedMr.Mosrunwasmetand B. WoOB, who both professed tbeosalTes mostbeen tobusinessofaprivatenature. To-morrow they will have a putilic reception in the Tremontnew Post-office. This afternoon they have tendingat-soldiers in their attack upon a small band of peaceableAccording to official reports of the Kansas Be- Indians who came in to trade, wllh no intention of accompanied by ids book-keeper and Mr. Moarsna,to assure the to supply something everybringing pt(fp»jthbbeckntmucatIiaeal Pellties.h^ in selecting Atchison as the UPCBLICAN CODNCILMAKIC CONVENTIONS.ASbaw's carriage repositoryBHAU's carriage shop, and two brick stores occupiedThe only motive Iseat of distribution,one In Kansas » hich has a railroad connection through manic Districts met last evening.the whole year, in Winter as well as Summer. It is In the First District no nominations were made."the last place westward reached by the iron horse." Adjourned to Monday.wasbecausethiscityIs theTheonly EepublicanConventions in the four Council-bydelay by alleging that it wouldTenth Ward, Thomasand oU store of O. F. Fcllis 4 Co., on Frank-jourrtd appointment;Lots,;-making:;him$10,000 in stock cf the Mayor's daily or^n.to Saturday evening. Ai'jouined to tbe call of the Chair..Uon,Nov. 22.The statement in the Cincinnati Gazette that stating in presence of a prouiiuent pubUeber,AdjouinedRailroad.Alexander Freer.no tive in thatnorThe mistake doubtless arose fromthe ciUzens of Waltham, irre- at which the Governor was present-Depository city.has any official representa-and lady, last night, byw as then W OOP for his jiivaie use.makingAtcbisoh, Thursday, Nov. SS.;Their stockwasentirelytheirOB tks li^Seventeenth AVard, Isaac McGayTuir- Ward,A. H. Keech, Ninth WardexplosiontheLoss on these $2,500.Assoc. Sec. Missions American S. S. Union. No. 599 BaoASWAT, New- York, Nov. 22, 1800.and extracted on $2,000 have since beenhas turetiitheactualconditionofthingsintheftMlne topicsofforeigntravelandobservaUon.Heisavery tkroughouttheStateofMissouri.lettersword attractive speaker, and his lec'.ures are among the paintingThe Governorappointed Thursday,obtained thanof mint—for the sketches of my friend are from most delightful entertainments of the season. TheyJapanese Gas speculalion, to the Mayor's daily organ, all falllDgare delivered at the Institute. Cooperreaders of ttie Tiaxg.one of the ,1Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Caps Racx,At 8 o'clock on Wednesday eveningcease toclaim. It is for his ag.iicy in ..ecuring tUlpsssensersLctua, yesterday, was lady Fkasku-'*, wljo i* gone to the cold weather and rains are making our the Pacific Coast, stopping a short.tlme at Rig Janeiro|ti.at th.-<e parti.-ulars fuiaiA a OM* to •hichitisemiientlyproperthattheatteaUoaOftkafrantic!"Two days later, he thus writes "HowgladIwastogetyourtelegramto-day,and^^^__^^^_^___ Dokation.—TheChildren's Aid Boc^y*'We subM.ilp€< pie:;entirely destroyed.Harvey Cleveland, Van Orton. Sixteenth WardMr. B.;Daniel E. GeorgeT.Burns,^wenty- ing,at the lowest.had seen enoughRelief Committee of Leavenworih." Here seems tobe a w ay opened for those who have friends in Kan-sas, and who wish to send to them specially. Let me evening and nominated candidates or adjourned as and they will, we doubt not, give such orders to their Intpector conferred on him. He positively decliaaieo-:of need be apprehended. fear anyIrfvee te Gov. Banks. CoBPlineatvy Nov. 22.BosTOit, Thursday,A complimentary levee was given to Gov. BanksfromNew-Yf^tkis r" tlirough Me?.'rs. Shildou t Thatxb, f«Adjutant-General,The request madearrived thisevening,asandalso sufficient he assured Messrs.com to last them through the Winter. They have he would find a man to suit their purposes ;n. b. Coaooan, N. H., Thursday, Nov. 22.four brick blocks. The total loss Is f129,$00 homeless.consumed.insured for »45,000. The building was found InLiverpool. the Africa.Nov. 22—12:3».There are yet no signs of the steamer AJrica offthis with datesofthelOthinst. point, LiverpoolWind light from S.W. Weather clear.Mr. Mo,t.,TM22.on tbe certified chesk given to Mr. Suofoiis,that action by the Mayor aad Board ofInto tkekeeping of said Bank, we propose to aobailt, wl&ZACHAaiAB E. Siaaoirs, of said Broadway,Mr.supporter of Mayor Woon in the Twentieth Ward,street.Januaryask no favor of theMr.some time in the June of IW by ^t,byWoob saybig flnt ha miaVlThis was cold comfort to Mr.began prospecting around the City Hall for a chaoeenor inmysterious friends, who were iailmate botkthis search was hewith himself and the Mayor, advised him to seeBrother Bswamis Wood on theBxajAMia's good bean and liberal nature oeold not resist a claim in itself so josL This Mr. Msbtbisbbetter and safer to to Mr. »..».«..- applyand who is alsoeral mai^gement of the City "p jlicy> baiibMaaaftethird floor, over Mkauo's hat-store, at tfaeeomar of Broadway and Canal-streetpartner,believed to (any oattocsa-adtyted,aad at tbeby Messrs. Suaoinsaiae ttme tbat easily than by drudgery as a clerk in ar.y of the City DepartmoUs. The policy business, strange to say, was not the path which theypointed ( ut as likely to lead Mr. MeimsTB tohe could make more moneyno was made, Messrs. Wood andlment of diffieuMy tbey wWi the Aldenaaa." They offered, however, to ha»»ke okeck-drawtoi^ PresidentoftheCrotoa in Sfnowagieement by dwelliagenlering into a s|x culation for supplying a much needed nicdem improvement to the streets aud housea of Jed- do, in Japan,—Mr. B. Wood dwelling rapturously on the influence which his brother, the Mayor, couU not fail to exercise over the Japanese princes on their ar-There cau be no use in concealingtheJapanese Amba.ssaJors an interest in tbe fotuia fas-woiks of Jciiiio and HaRoda-dl. Mr. Momana, it should t.e-^iJ •«:' """h *' *^- B. Wood's Iswto ••nopoly of J apan,lily inspectorand ItaaaBO> to Ifr.'B;Hs.iarbought the appHoaBlfiorsecure for htsa fimBI t>i» www.fultonhistory.com '-^•Ci^5fWii(iBe*v?a««>fc^