 tea•*led on credentials, aa rolkrws —J. Levey, P. W. Ippoint-organizing the Convention, he now left the matter in their hand-:Mr. Cax>os was proposed as Presidlent of the Com en tion, but he declined and namedHoc. (ii:oKi,s F. FORD, ex Governor of the State and late delegate to Charleston who was appointed wito ao> c Sanation.Mr. Ford, having accepted toe oftice, was ted to the chair on tbe platformThe 1-REMDEArthen rase and returned thankafor the honor conferred upon him in being ealied upon to pres:!' over a democratic convention, whose object was to keep toe democratic party par* and intact 1ram those divisions which threatened it. Bis whole heart was in toe good work toey had undertalam, sad be vrould ae wito toea ia their efforts to the end, (Cheers.)in November next. Stephen A. Donglas would be elected Presideat of toe Inited States by t!be votes of the people of New Jersey voting aa a unit for Iaim. (Cheers)Short speeches were subseqsently made by Messrs. Jorrnscc. Runyon and Nash, which called forth great ap- pteuse. sad without fuxther detey the Convention ad-jocmed with loud checrH, stae doe.PKOCEEDING9 OF THE EE1X-EVERETT CON-i^j-tcalled upon toe Bell aad Kverett men be would suite Uat j it was understood that ii toe vote of this Stiite would not elect any person, then toe men composing toe electoral ticket would cast Uieir vote in accordance w ith their ownTbe noise sad confusion whMore than a do/en person* began to speak at oace, or rather to yell. ««roia _ irttes and recrirainaiiors be-gan to circulate rreety, and ilwere fast approaching a imary climax.The Ckaraaaw hereupon mrose and rraitnaarl ttM Con- rention toat Meson Bell aad Everett were naacfful mea, and he hoped the Convention representing toea would boorderly conducted.A variety of propositions and counter propositions weremade, but none of them met with approval. At teegto Mr. Groses Rout** rose aad said that it waa plaia that there was some intention te isake an arraawsaaaat with toe friends of the most corrunt admmistratioB toat ever••:«~J..:Breckinridge. 1Breckinridge.J..1Douglas. 1..Bed.\.. Bed.Douglas.disgraced the countryA number of angry voice*: here saluted Mr. Robeaoc,tto please a sentioc. 'at bei-ause it is right(. . do right no'. He thought ifWiiham ^oofee, of Hudson.Joel larker, oi Monmdpth.[Hft. 0>TRBrr DHl Kiriv^g m irbnt of the Amqriclarge crowd "was assembled to gre:et toem, the Camden banddrewupmlineand playenatee delegates, in unison with tihe t patriotic air, while aeai'cnmg cheers for Bell add Orowd, seEt up threetiveretu They then entered toe American '. Hotel, wceived b y Mr. .J. V. 1>. joiine, thehere they were re and Colonel J- W. Aiito, and espoi• obliging proprietor. apart for ihdir temporary usel t*d to the rooms set plied wito all n e c t a r y refrefhnHere they were sup- had recovered frciii toe iatigiiesj of icnts. and when they beat oi the day, they were cocdjuct the.r march and the Convention.aAc., were neit appointed.Some discussion took pace aa totoe cumber sad ma-esulting m the fullest tion was compelled to htar him. He saidill" ii• i!1\A;Is- _terial of tbe dlnereai committee*, r accord among toe members of the CL_ WHOLE'KO. 81(22.THE PRESIDENCY rt€ NEWJERSEY STATE CWVEN1\„___ ••- A.,MORNING EDITK)N~THURSDAY, .JULY 26, 1860.PRICE WYO CENTS.Y 9w%&• • » •W^MHBVw* pJVvOIIImg peace te to* couatry and palegislature » attead to the eaactmeat of tewaeateateted to foster the industry iDBMB, mating a rait-Nomination of a Union £ VrwlnwM B ^fc en*wi^A*oaB'*n«»•a*a !B Mfomm mm TO GUI iU<Ctt ATTITiK OfECBXT zmtmnoKTHE n O X n i C l l B T C A * CTJSE8.PR0i"EEDD»G8 OP THE BB&"KDiRIDGR AND L A S E COJITENTION.Tea dtiMgnoa to to* regular Cooveni-oa waad<way to to* *taa» Baaat, aad paraaed their march wito aan* aad determined tread, like atea wb* were •>atisiedtoat toey had toe right oa their aid* and werei deterto mhmtoia it. Tbey maaaaaled ia UM ASBemhiy trolled sihirs so that there never would be onotber sJaWa Stole made out of the territory npw belonrteg to theSvui -act-oa* of DM4 arret i w a test sight at tea o'clock, to* rtraidemocracy baea called apoa to dtocharge so impoirtont a doty. Tbey were called apon, in toe performance'af their doty, to discharge it in a manner toat will roaaove all ob Btacles that staad n toe way of the onward progreaI of toe party. No better place could be selected for the disciarge of Una duly than her*. Around Una place duster the rnniaia- ceaces of toe Revoltrfioo. («aeers.) We are here caiied upon to maiauUh the principles fought for oa to is hal-war, they stand here to unite with sil otheri for tbe pur pose of defeating the common enemy. (Aniteuse.) 1J. B. WARD, of Essex, then stated that all the dele-a" * from Uat county came here for union, and irould give bis aesent to the motion.Mr. IL'.u, of Newark, said that be believ ed that *v-ryperson present had made up their minds in iregard to themotion, aad moved the previous question, which, attor considerable confusion, was adopted.»*V0» OF FTSION—THB CPB V m TKB1KB A ftTSABSBT OCTfrowned down by every frtesura-ign* K M at toe large fuaperaoce Hall, i >i(MlUli«lWHl Oflfc»— Manag. 1 MJM<! J>seen* caamb tttil midnight. So pen teav*.ud to a-ttar unlaw ha n i m m oa Uu a accordance with UM isterprBeeiiem of thel i m p , toea* te too atoaaaQjt out Doagtee OMC a) agsxst fanoa wito UM other branch, tU am • 1 • decteriag Douglas the regular s o m a anciag Breekmndg* is UM M M pastitea of Van a MM, dseawtof teat ao perm toat vest for re) a tot party eaakt area ladirectly recognise UM m • U www* tenor of UM epeaabes wore opposed toe ay .eg for arlmiTtente in UM Untoa Convention.of Uxee presaal WM taally token open UM que auuag wito UMeditor body, which toey torawd ar and i waa niteaim<maiy decided not to have a a do wito toem. A iiiaamilln of oaa frata OBeMappamtedtotelkjwitotoese-veml•^^4 WT.TC-aUMspraiBf tnm U«f reapectii lie* aad mbekt UMJT eo-oparatMa, after which UM M>«raed atil tha morning, at tea o'clock, to imruiu aad arias** for general public actioa.The caucus*f UM ragalari waa wafl attended, at or rpeocaea wart Mode, all of which were sin ator cf aa union electoral ticket embracing be Dntgno aad Bell mem. A propeaitioB waa submit at .c**t of tare* Doogtes, two Breckiarlds-e aad i ata be termed wMh UM instructions UM* toey em ihe.r votes for eitker of the** three men a •«&id eject, a«t if UMUTvote woaJd act elect eitb it Mould aM oo cam for Dongas. Tea; proposition w meet w,to g*s-er*l aror, aad oo motion it waa to refer it to a committee of are, that co wbe aatonriBadte report a resolution to UMCo • Seaolr-UOB* appaaHfd by UMCoaveatioo core pt it. I pea ftoaiaptMa of that motMo, UMCM <..rted. U M ragidaia bare Utoa dMkMd to pi prace olfcriag to UM Daagfoaitai, g-VLig Utem a.;. t :» to refaa* or accept.:We are called apoa to maiataia toat equality ratahliabed SOB, Col. W. D. Davis, J. W. Taylor, K. SI. Doughty, J.Cannon vacated the At twelve o'clock precisely Mr. <chair, which be occupied as Preside•nt of the initiatory proceedJigs, and a regular President having been unani- mously adopted ,n ton person of the HOB. GeorgeAI I•—UON SBSIfJiN.Mr. JACOB Vajurra, ia his capacity as a member of theTbe caucjara bariag adjourned, toe wraaglei Iftile a laiauanwt XoUtsnf i u aeaatl oatil k vae fKkJ aoara of UMai«at aattb* ctiea of bo •ja.:«is. iignMr aaot ariaawiar;UM Magpr thecwiplaces were besieged by crowds ol' people from all parts of the State,as well as by mtr*r from New York and Philadelphia. •'As a i n as this bub-bub had subsided,Mr. HA'STXH resumed his renarks and coBteaded Uat it would be by far toe safest plan to accept toe proposition of tbe committee condltionallv. Ho would, there lore, propose that toe tha irman lie empowered to add two more names to toe £ilecative Committor of tore* fiom each Congressional district, with full powers, ia»**KeptapUMaaarabttaer toe footaf aetioeen libos. Never eM UM rapublicaaa aad UM dei e*jc :'e^i eaoitter feetag toward each '>th«r aa did •ktjcaa MU, aigJit. The atraighWHiteraiwere exa *j, i . u ^ aa iiHoagh they aaa aoaae okonaoaa a tfcr.r tr«aat which wooht nua the couatry if the; rat, aa<: w-.ib i&at Uiad conticued to brpw beat U • jsg at toe party with greaa seal, 4echuiaf i BrvcaiMridfeM aaa a Mad to carry luehduraiog B itai *ot.i.M craaa teem.Soi *. i aaaaiiitiaa toe hvte hour teat awht, or m -uu .j Cci:r tow aaoraiog, whec the crowd dwpen .*•jp---i"a*c»wereaaworkbyat\ utc^oca thu if. etety use eaviag so none attuinea to CJ .i- r prograMiaam n» aaaM diii aua CUDI-S.. ar^taa * pereoa wt)erever he tensed Uat night > ir«ter \&A eaoraaag- 11M j9alou*M«,i vitupei-at, fltrtoa were beard M every direction, *:th aa oo«i«d here aaa there UUuog orer UM astounding $iai they had ftwad. The straight out DougJan < *• appojsted Mat BtgM provnVaa toeatfelres wits tai ptotod off M too aura to bnttoahotei the i»W\ttwy nrrtTed, to uifora tlseai of lae:r prog MO tee that they were coeamiu^a v i . tayiAra got bold eftheci There appears* ntr. to be a drrMMa is their cncnciJ pnr:«n i«aJOU» of gotog mto the regular Coa aw maae an attempt to force that body to i aright out Iioaglaa aad Johnson reaataUOD, wt •aer portMM were m lhror of keepmg away fro •M gtixg at oace i a » toe etradcht-oaf CoaveatM •JO «to ouy a blind toUtrow Use [u»io*_*u od' i'rc pard, for too Douglamtes had toeir.sfcoold Uwirlat. toe regular Ooavoatma, aad be obliged to • a prograaame waa agreed apoo at (be N'ew Y< aw reforrod t o i i a y tetter yeaterday, u Use au,oftoe*•LiUH)tiiant" htaaeif.The caoctM waa not held at toe Fifth AreaoelIHated yaaaayday, but at toe ht. Vicbpiee, aad v.of from tweaty to toirty peraaat fraat ramof tk.i State.They met tfcetv, in pursaaace of oa appoiatrncDacglai, ahoat the Uto of July, who waaaotj awa aa they aaaeatbled, by a oommdtee. who < hm from tte i 1th Areaue to toe St. .NBcaohM Ho fore tee arrival nf Mr. Dooglaa. Mr. (feorge Hah<m the motion of Mr. CHXRLT> ME' KE, of BurMngton, itwas resolved that the Caareot:; n pro.seed to elect Sexa- presently after a compact bpdj• of mei., numbering >ane of necessity. to-substltBte utiier names oa toe Bellaaa Akg before taey came here, aad ia By toe aeceden at the primary&t sirpoae of bmvmc eaaoah here to Moire a foilcarried that five genpr< tvatuoa waMh bo thought they v*.t A the letter, in vaa oft*.-i. by toe sua* Executivex « « riaina B e toea p«r<i>teoted to ibe t:.'xi that this caacna.. .- rateach of toe wardaaddesiredhasio'clock In the after j Broom, of Massachu i.half-past two o'clock, aaizaiion reported for Ion, and a number of' sga a rfw.4oi.oocary reorahw aaaataaal ofroaaaaitiao, i atrahjat eel eamaaao reaoJatxa tail to be earned toaad there e'wt atrahtot outcat Ccaveauaa, to he aaaf mday aa taa etoar, toe delegate* op aawweto m OaiwaHna at toe otoei-. aad watt toe actma of to« by toe 3toto OaamWtee Tb* irthe ftaaa Coavoaiiaa, tauat.oa, ohoald aam ofJar a ataalght oat *sa reaohttioa aad if that vaa voted joia toe atraarWevtora. both togetha ocBveataa. TtM aakgair* elected oypr awry eleotka war* therefore oaJy to til up •maw tot after to* aaceasjca.Ti* rxtnoattMa of Mr. Haattead did £»TW at all, b* b*tog to* oalyeagth Mr. Doogha aaad* haMr.1!A.NCOCKrenewedtbemotionot'Mr.Babbitt Uat tbe names of the delegates and other officers chosen by the Convention be called anew, and that toey stand for uard as each name is calledCries fallowed—''AdjonTB till five o clock.'' ^x^mL«lVofcas—"No," "No adjourn ment. and cheers. A motion was then made to lay Mr . Hancock n motionon the table.The <,ueoin-.E was put by the PiunroiETTaccordingly, andnegatived.Tbe original motion was not passed in consequence ofthe following resolution having been a t tois stage of the proceedings submitted to the Convent:on by toe Commit- tee on Resolutions:— -victories heretofore achieved by the democratic party have been the results of its devotion to constitutional deajocratic principles. and its rigid adherence to the exdiisive Support of tbe regular nominees of the party, regard;less of personal es- term or dislike; and whereas the I•emocratic National Convention, lately held st Charleston, did adopt the same platform of principles hi respect to Ute paramount quea- lions of toe day apoa which the iational democratic party of the Union hat stood dariig the past twelve years, sad which to* democratici party of New ,UKI> announced toat toey aad selected toe following Jersey, in eight different State Conventions, dnr-ION.The Convention met, pursuant to adjournment, at halfno haarttaltaa i> say a g was toe independent Bell imd Everett party. (Loadapaachone W.3 apparentiy saiistted.Tbe committee to noainate an electoria1 ticket wasfewgth, at thj I" suued to hawpersons for Hectors:—81X1 TOKS HT L4KGB.ridwin A. Stevens Peter V. Vroom/.ISt . 1—James R. SickiesDouglas'.i province t State amuera, tbaoataur entirely wito peiagahn et their State litiaaaid to him roata bwv," coaUaoed to* "Little <|ia*V" -if » y<mrplace,taviewof ' "_ ohou.djarme that pma to to* very letlar.Mr AdRi^iataaedaUeiyjaaaaad a| bis feet i Uat heaaatooyaamiatatt-xg over, aad aaked# » Dctaja* replied "that it was not hiauthey were met that day under c rcumsucoes such as nave not occurred in the history of toe country since our f weathers met, beforej»».«.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069delegat-charge oi their duty. Tbe Commattee on Reaolutioos had a lengthy oocauitotion upon the question of aa I'u.ou electoral ticket. A bundle of resolutions was antimitpHl to Use committee expressing all Banner rf views, which caused a lengthy debatearmaKOOK SBBSICV^The Convention was called to Order by the Pr esiden:at tweaty minutes past two o'clock, and opeiled bv pryer by Rev. Mr. FnToy, of Burlington county, one of the delegates to the ConventionTbe Committee oa Permanent Orbcers then madt their report through their Chairman,D>\ L-ley. recomrrleading >amael W. Fowler aa permacen: President, with o»e rice President from each county, with the exception of Cum berand, with toe usual number »;' Secretaries.The report being adopted toe P*EI WEST sai J .— Gasrtxaaa OF Tib Coavrroos—I feel myself againboned to return you my thanks for tha renewed expreaaion of your condolence, sad while ] congratulate yoa upon UM harmony and moderation that has thus far govented your counsels. 1st me moat respectfully ask of you that in further proceedings of this Convention you will rentter me toat aaa which is in your power to reader, in dis charging my duty in presiding ever tb* deliberalnous of tha Convest ion.The committee also recommenled the adoption of the foDowingiResolve*;, That toe rules governing the last Democratic Stat! Conventioa be adopted by tois Cocventioa.The Committee on Credentials, through their cfaa.irman, then reported that there was oa contested seats, aad by calling the list of counties a correct list of delegatesi would be obtainedTbe report was agreed to, aad a motion adoptMl that toe tertiary all the roll of cooatMS.After some random dacuasioa a motion was iilade to asraaBBS with all furtoer bnstoass under that restl i u i i o c , which was adopted, whereupon amotion was madle that toe delegates from each county would furnish ii list of oe.egaiea to the Secretary.This regulation did not seem to suit the taste of iill pre- sent, and anally it was agreed that each county repre- rented i apart to toe Secretary the number of. delegates present. Tb* 1st of counties was! th«n called over, and :i was ir trained thai taste were all? delegates pre*eat.Mr. SFKSX said that they were all regular and not a bogus me omagst them.Tbe eHAif.—It is understood Uat tois is a regulaor con- vestien aad not'a bogus one .Gs> k. -; V. Asma* chairman of the CommiUee oiiReso- lutione toea mad* tae following report —their long aoeence.Mr. Sr-sta, Chairman of tbe committee of rive, appoint->d to wan upon tbe other Convention, theii made his ap- pearance. anu reported, recommending that tois Conveti- tion place on their ^electoral ticket in behiaf of the Bell and Everett m<n the following nam*a—Wm. R. McDonald, ot Essex county; Peter J. Clark, of Hunterdon county: aad Charles •>. McChessney, of Men;er county.The report was received wito great applause, and adopted wlih universal good feeling.As soon as order was restored the Cbalrman of tbe Committee stated that toey would also recismmeud that toe President of the Convention be directid to send a tetter to each of toe gentlemen placed on the electoral ticket, asking them i they consent to the terms of the agreement; also that a committee of five be appointed to rill vacancies if found necessary.These resolutions were adopted with great applause,Tbe Ciunufa* also rertber recommended a resolution in regard to the way that toe electors shotild cast their votes.Alter a great deal of controversy it waa aiBended so as to read as follows, and adopted:—Resolved, That lb* electoral vote of the £hate be cast for either of toe candidates opposed to Lincoln and Hamlin whom it will elect.After considerable debate this waa adopta).Considerable controversy followed ia rsgard to the course toat toe gentlemen Uat composed the electoral ticket would take if their vote would not ite* aay per son.Mr. HALL, of Essex, desired to know, on behalf of his colleagues, who tbey would vote for if UM vote of toe State would not elect any person. Tbe esse lion might go into tbe House, and that body fall to el<ict, when the Senate would lake the two highest and dates for the Vice Presidency; it was, therefore, impoirtant that it should oe perfectly understood before they pstaamc that)aMr. BAHBITT—And the** camesi>Mr. VAXATTA—Yes: and so the object you been already attained.Mr.Boinrrrthenwithdrew hisresoInlIOCenable the delegates from toe C6ni confer with one another.THBCKAixxare stated that at t noon Messrs. H. W. Fuller aad Jo setts, would address toe Honvent Tbe meeting then adjourned iTbe Committee en Permanent ( President Peter I. Clark, ot Hunt Vice Presidents sad Secretaries.pasttwo o'clock, when toe atten<lance aas something larger than it bad been in toe morn ing.Tbe Convention was thrown foui a state ol excessive excitement whea Colonel Clark, of Humingdoa, was escort ed to toe chair as President of the permanent organ:za tion. The whole convention rose tetaneous movement, and for some mwild with enthusiasm. >After taking his seat. Mr. Ciinhk made a somewhatleagthy sad eloquent speecn. He began by addressing toe Convention as In ion men, res*,lived to stand by toe const t t.op and tbe law*. Heto-tught that in thus styling them he was conferring toe highest honor upon Uiem and upon himself as s citizen of toe Lnnled States and of New Jersey. He thanked tbem exceedingly for toe high honor they bad shown him in choosing him as chairman of toe permar-nt organization, a posaica which he did not desire any mure than any other gemileman. He regretted1V «]WORK HE^F ALD :At twelve o dock to* Chairman of to* <uxe txscative Committee, Mr. PBWT, called to* Coaveatioo to oider.Oa motiea t f l B . araaa, af Sew Bruaawick, Samuel W. Fowier.of eaaaax couaty, wat <^:ect«;d temporarjf Chair- • a a , aad Daaiel Blauvelt, J. C. BarUty, aad A. R.'.rnrock- martoa ware Utoreapca elected Sojcrettriee.Pa fopMr. Boiiaux asked toat toe committee af Pre might retire sad attead to their duly.Tbe caura; -xv stated that toe speaker aas one of the commlTter, and that he cocM not be ia two places St oace. (Roars of angler.)Mr. SrrriKAvascontinceil— Both factions of the partya piec* of very good poliqr oa toe part of the leaders ia tbe Doaglas interest in New Jersey, for it kept tbe adherents of toe party titether and enabled them to present aa impos-cg front from the first, white at the same time, besides toat, the addnases of toe several speakers tended to create an neanimityand enthusiasm ia toe breasta of toe supporters of toii cause, it also pre- pared tbem for getting through wito the subsequent regu ter business early and without having aa adjournment, as was toe case in toe other two Cor.ven tionaagamat whom none bave or aResolved, That we are ta Ihear of toe Cteten a* it Is,TaeCa^aouji retaraed thaaha far toe hoaor oosferredby our forefathers, which until reoeatry has nev<rrbeen -juestioced. We are called upon to maintain invioiaw the made by ocr revolut weary foreiathers, to susaiaby toeta, although there may bedis- crepaaciea in the miads of maay.yetheknew toat when- ever UM democracy were palled apoa to aatoMala the co- Tmaat of oar fotbers, toat toeyaraaid rally as ase manfor one UBMB aad aaa eoaatltutioa. (Coatiaaed apptense.) Mr. Srwaa, of Middlesex, toea moved that a coaatittee of oao from each couaty be appelated to report pennanentofficers for tha convention, which was adopted.The following committee was toea adopted: —Shann. J. M. Watson, D. Kolsman, J. Barr. 13. Barney, j . a Rsnerty, J. D. Field, C. J. Errtckaoa, W. a Willis, J. J. McNally, Spencer Smith, H. Milliard.After some further debate tb* Csoveation took a recess oatil four P. M.At tbe hour adjoirned to, tbe Convention was called to order.ibe Electoral Committee not being able to report,Judge N» AX, of Trenton, was called apoa;Daddress the Convention. He said that he felt honored ii1 being called upon-to address this body. It had been bis fortune, for a great many years, to be associated with the democracy of the State. For toe first time since 1831 tlle democratic party of New Jersey presented a divided front to the enemy; but Uat is so fault of yours. You have come ner* under toe regular call, aad are thei represenU- lives of th* democracy of toe State, fie helieved toat no greater calamity could visit tola eouBtry at this time than toe suocea of toe republican party. It waa the duly of the democracy to save toe couatrysiocal district to act as a general Executive Agreed to.When i ape May county was called, Mr. W EMcorrarose, aad stated toat be was tbe only person present frob*en compelled to call to* friends oft he democratic party together—men who woaid support the regular ticketeonctj aNo response vbatever was heard ;'rom Cum6county. ,ta motion, the committee was instructed torules for UMregulatioa of toe Coaventioo.A a»mmitteeof one from each oounty waa then itm thatler'aiiilreportsembledforthatpurpose andasthe1lourhadarrivedfor (Cheerssndlaughter.) HehadBOdoub;whatever toat,Douglas Convention bad Uat very day nomin*lat a straight out electoral ticket-tb* very thing toat to* re- publicans desired to sea. If toe Bell sad Everett party were to do toe same thing , the friends of Lincoln aad Ham in would have nothing to do bat fold their arm* and be victorious at the expense of Bell and Everett Now. it iras lor toe Convention to bear ia mind that if they adopted that ticket as now reported, it woold be a imal act, aad they would therefore be going it bl ind. He warned toem toat tois would be a very unsafe course to pursue. He wa* for carrving Hell and Eventt victoriously through toe conflict if it co<Jd be done, aiid the only chance be saw of doing so wss not in prcceeding rashly, bat by coo- ce ss. caution and discretion.At tois juncture of toe proceedings some cenfustenwould be wi.lidrawa Mr. JOH\»ON then read a doci aent containing the in)>igbt it in, ,»Anoihf r gentkman hoped that for the present.'deference '.<>ibe custom «H the age, butbring the republican party down to the pnu he wanted to preaching, and to .Jo that he would suggenice of their they issue their address they would not st that when their •fellow citiaens," kut commence it address it t,i niggers." (Applause.) with •fellowstructions uader which be came \u> this Convantjlong Uat these were the reasons that prompted him to move the amendmeat.Mr. Sr>xatoen arose aad oaodiaed his mot. JO by 1. ' Lr .;• eg the oommittee to cower with any commiti«e Ui.it might be appointed by ether bodies.n enemy. He came , but he thou|hi tue premature m his noissabeM aaryceetestmf for the PassidaaUal <aair, there waa a contteaeus iBgresa aad egress from tbe ream of toe •* re- galar ticket" mea, sent constituted, scouts, Who were anxioustopryintothaarrangemeiits,andtocalculaterule toe whole Union.Reserved, That w* cad upon sliceteviag electors a to* Sate af Mas us ia Siipport of toe Douglas aad J satoerarest aad only means ofaf,sitoeirpysOarrtiew of toe fftevehofcler ia tbe Territoi•y. sad both partMS say that the moment toe seople of IbatTorritory oeaaaise a coaatttatioB toey have as uakeahted right either to exciude or admit ft. This ojuestioseveral stiniag speeches were deiivered, aad strong ap peals made a favor of Deng las aad JohcsoB, toe normnees of one branch of the regular domecratic body; a title cteimed, also, by their aVezkinridge cpponente.Weatoou, J. N. Voorbee, J. C. Cable. A. H. Hillarlari, *:.Speer,J. H. Anderson. I. Sbana« KatoaaMlStrattt, J. T. porters of the constitution aad toe lawn Was It notM. Knapp, J. Bud, T. Taylor, J. A. Hudart, Coloa, M. Patterson, C Errtckaoa, Mr. Littictou, G. B. Ecaty L A. 11. . E. J.Tce follow me committee was Jhen appointed oa tiona— Daaam Towasend, J. K alack, £. Wast Coll•x3- E-their duty to unite with them.' He gave ate hearty assent to the resolutions adopted by this Conventica. (Cheers.) Coming to us as they do, standing in the oreich aad fight- tag their eld friends, be thought it tueir duty to unite with them heart and band, and make N<sw Jersey theMASSuvrnaoVENTION.A T TOLTOX'S E AI.I.—KXC1TISG AND tNTlKKsTIXU 4cBMSB.Carter, Henry Johnson, J. C. Beadle, J. Olyphact.SJt bulwark that will keep toe fanatics on tin> east side ofHitvhcer. A J- Rodgers Spencer C. Smith, J. R. 1 tbe Hudson. (Roars of applause.)dyk«. tt. P. Andreas, A. W Markly, W. B. Goikl, J. C T. Drs.v EMUSB was loudly called for, tn«i coming for-n.idable display at Treuxoc, New; Jealley,yesterday. The took place at tie lower ead cf toe room, distracting toegood people of tbe quieti city were sever so startled for atiLBtion of the Convention from tbe remarks whichmany a year as tbey were on this aocas ion, by the excite wore being addressed to toeai. Ii soon became apparent Uat a scuttle was ia progress, but tha sa-Ranttiy, Wm. IwttetwoB, J. W. jacksoB, J. W. Ta] ioughty, R.P Edward*.A a c t a waa toea adopMd directing the Presi4ent o. the CoBveation to procure a clergy mau to opea tbe alter• coca setsioa with prayer.Mr. S'-rxn, of Middlesex, then £a.d that he believed that every person present wav in favor of an Unioti ticket wito all panic* opposed to ice republican party, for the purpose of securing Use defeat of their section*) candida e.Steers.) | e carry oat that end $B had a motion to• make Uttn roared, toat toe Chair appoint a committee of Ave to meet wiUt' tha *ca**itutK«al and laion fui^. for theporpese of bring i g about Uat result. (Cheers.)Mr. J«-a>t-o>, oi Mercer, moved} that tee cummittee beauUi<T./ed to confer with toe Douglas Conveatida itlso.Y. In >•* »-»• U.--H, of Bergen oaunty, said tout he ha I sot the least objection to favor a union of all par]lies forward said that alter toe very spirited appeal justmade, be feared that u hat be might .say would tend t0 destroy toe cntout-iasm that had been generated. He ent ertained none of the misgivings: about the future of the]any, he was cot alarmeti that many of their party trieeds had gone after strange gods ^applause}. He was ant alarmed tost men had become worshippers of men, instend of falling dosrn u> principles. (Cheers.) He had no fears of the future of Use democratic partv- *'e having a growing and changing nation, but tnot d Hanging those principles which lie oa the found*!ion of our gc . -rnintnt. Tbe famous Kentucky resoh ition of 179*,, that mam ia ned the et^iainy oi the States, although hit a long IJEI. slumbering, have a. men and w ere endorsed by the Convention in 1862. and have been endorsed !>y every Convention since, both regular aiid irregular. Here we stand, toe httie plucky Sate if NeTbe PRrsti'E-M then announced that their first duty wasthe appointment of secretaries. Robert Green was nnani-mously appointed secretory to the Couventieu, aad An ment of three Conventions on the some day. Tbe bead tisactory sound of boduea sasaMtea down aire purpose of defeating a cmpledged to carry oat toat priueigentleman from Middlesex a 111tuia. He thought it imp- l.Uc f<the ctT«; .t'ltionai democracy toattitude in looking arotutd for a Conn before it wassought alter. He had no object! to a union elcclonalticket, but,be lad to the mode arriving at i., for the Itense j He would gay one more word alioplater. (Ap- reason u.at it placed the party n the position •if Sitft-pl.cams. <Cbear>.)toe represeataijvea of themselves iiI thatthere amongst th^m if th*1 -"tale of New Yort: attempted to take a foot of thfir land from them, would not ugb^. with all his might/ and ..- there a a ate, ottiuer North ur iculh, but wbai Win;, ; di, the aanter Let us 1marched boldly past the Doug as rjeadquanerB at the Ti•enton House. (Jn ar-Mr. English was followed by Hen. Pain• and RoKKKt Ibsux. boto advocatingfaniiiag upon one electoral ticket, A great deai of ur.easiness wa* mauifesteo'i at this stage Committee oa Resolutions, which was adopted by a large of tbe proceedings ia regard to the tardiaei:s of the Elec- toral Committee as well a- toe »onimittee cf Conference, \ number of persons desiring that toey should be waited upon to see bow long it would be before toey would be ready to report. During tbe conuoverav in regard t>eil to toe hall of toeT. In >.\ £.\«.u>n moi ed to refer Uat-reaomtion to tbeThe Convention was called to ordcT by 0>1. J. W. Aixi:.v. at abiut half'past twelve o'clock.OB motion of Mr. F. Ki.rrs, Jqdge John Perrme was unacimously selected to preside o'rar the jiroceedings of the Conventiou. James .-'iratioc, of BurhngtoB, ncd Chas. D. Deahter, of Hudson, were commated as aecre Uries.IT. taking toe chair, Judge P>:IBI5S said he had BOset speech to make. He came their to lend ha nearty aid to carry out the full success of toeir eleetoral ticket, and he would, therefore' call on tbe Conventioc to proceed to business without delay. (ApplauseA proposition was then made andtlemen from each Congressional diitrict be appointed to arrange a permanent organization.The usual Committees on Mauigement, Resolutions.vote. fThe Convention there apoa adjourned until two P. M. During the recess toe several committees met in dis01MK1CT XLBCrOBM. coBveatMB •mombled. do hereby reaiflrm the piatlterm of H—Charles *». McChessneyand after toe Revolutionary war.: rhe question toat preseated itself for tneir consideration was the union or dte-union of these United States. It is s question whichmust BOWbe settled; by the people themselves,He waa sat;-tied ia hi* own mind toat toe is- a very excited manner. " 1le speaks for Abraham Lte- sues were about to be tiicd^ and Uat very cols, sir,'* be said, '• be isF.t -* : ved. That to* democratic party of New Jer*ey inand peremptorily Qenaaded to know by wheal aatbority and on behalf of whom be m*de such a steteaaeat.principles adopted bv the Sat oo*: Ivmocrai.o COnven- ttoa a laid, and re adopted in lSaa.Reanved, That the electors nominated by thifCbnven- tfon are mstrucmd to cast toe electoral vote of Ju!»• J«r- sey so M to oefeat Lutcola aad Hamlin, and to satlurean sKaiioa if wasibl* bv toe Denote af a PresaaVat asd PiaaHtnt from one of toe comiaatica* of the demor uBfoa parties.Resolved, That we call oa toe democracy of New Jersey8—Peter LCark 4—B»cj. Williamson a— Wm. K. McDonaldIbe newly converted loco fc>co *. olunteered a solution in shortly. He had no higher amb.iMMUas to be racked biae it republicans, aad tie spaika oa their behalf. That'sto supfjort toe *fec*oral ticket, aad iavite U>*< operatton of all conservative i1*1 CO-Convention at Charleston, iacludtag Ute additional resolu tioa unanaeOBsry oiliisjisil at Buttaore. aad we also accept aad rati v the nomination of Stephen A. Docgtes for President anu'llerscbel V. Johnson for Vice President. as the candidates of tbe national demoiratic party forsay st metbteg about t i e ilear aeccssity af tghlisg toe dcBwrats.lbr which they had Been coafi SB«dIfoey aAMi'rapanea toe SBBWAnother delegate here took up Mr.Received, Thatacoaamittoeof t v ebef l e awas frequently interrupted in reading them.A motion waa made that to* Convent*a accept and adopt the report, which was carried, wlan the whoteConvection rose to their foot sad gave caner after cheer. On motion af Mr. BKUM, a vote of ttuinks was con- ferred upon t b * Preaadent, after which t a* Cbairnua saade a few remarks congratulating the Coa'reniioa uponUM result of their deliberation.what it te.This was ret*,red with tremendous cheering, ye&mg,Iroceeded anyout another long aad rathertience had been so sorely tri id. ^ w ^*faasanas* Jsaaaaaaai for toe skaeaf (Cbeera) Ut m tetf toe seople toat theni arat«bicfe a sisrrradui af miner prmeiplea for a gm bomwiiis a dnty. sad a reqaired by patrxMiannvrenstri by everythag dear I* paatMSa. W* hawtimes of peril, when a secri Ocr for policy is ato prevent a awarreJ ia every -oaaiy m toe •Jlate, total UMLeg-jlattre, to save oar OKgreassaea•~yeS|to*av* taa Union of ***** States. (Applause.]• fie w ...id •Utea toe tasen:eac> to the captain wbostaiids apon toery qnMt town of Trenton, oa i aU Revoii*-teaay#deck whea toe sea m toesmg aad throw* oterboard parjt of ha cargo ia order toat he may rid* adhry toro^h Uw storm. (Cheers.) I am speaking of tate assemoiy aa compered of Dataias aad Breckiartegd toea, andv.'...I *rt Uieir priacipk-ffv Why, on toe one hiad they say that toe people of the Territory should haw it toTherewere431 delegates reported as being mauendstraight Docgtes ticket, and opposedI to •• fumou" with, sources of our greatResolved, That weto the spirit of oar institutions allcms of executive patronage tolo prevent to* free exercise of UMi will at toepeoplem toe cno.ee of their rulers; aad that to* proscTiptive policy of the present admiBtetratioa, diree•ted to tbe defeat of Doagtesaad Johnson, merits as it receives, our imenali- ted reprobation.i to* right admit or exciude slavery • Another branch of to* den* ier.hours prevn'us to the formal open ing of toe Coventioaracy say it is toe duty of Congress to into soi)- rfere for tbjeby toeexer are the succeasioa, orbeea seated by a higher aw—toe aw of asBhas already iturehascoo-come to the same conclusion shout toe Iaas people, sad yet for a miaor diilereace thejy are willing to sacrifice their country sad constituit o All toe delegates from hia cocnty came here irnruete-! toThree checas were called for on Iibe conclusion of thelowing committee were appointed to name electors d:asm and toe greatest harmony. Tlle next point mam- tained by toe speakers and applaudisd by their hearers was that there should be BO fusion wlth their opponentsCon % eation at oace.Mr. Java* M. Srovmx then rose acd said Uat ha fullyly. But wito toeTbe list of counties was then called ore r, and toethey viect IEIOtie ctnvass in earnest iihey<tiectoral vote of the state aganst the rail snvjld ca-1 theaS Hotel, where at"r that is the desert of all (•otttlcal speecut the nigger, sick and tirvt of this aigger, and fie only br<bee. He wot:I—Abraham W. Nash,©'Camien.•2—Motes Bills, of Pijhrgton.3—Joseph Vleitt, of Warren.i—Iwmel S. Anderson. *f Sussex.a—Theodore Runyon,af l>-.ae\.The election of it se parties was hatied by the meetingwith enthusiastic cheers.Mr. WM. Basturr muvsd the follow i ug resolutions:— Resolved, That it is necessary for the purposes of toopresent political campaign in which w e are about to en- gage in New Jersey that the regutei• democratic party should have a State Committee, const:tuted of seven per- sons, who In communication with the member of the Na tioral Democratic Executive Commit!tee for New Jersey (Jacob \ analta), shall bare power to act in all matters which in their opinion may be cecessitry or advisable to wards promoting the objects of the ca mpaign.Resolved, That the President of ihe Convention have power to appoint said oommittee.The motion was put from the chair, and unanimously adopted, and tbe follow teg electors w ere appointed—'; M. Price, ThomasS. Allison, Adolph SIlaik, Garrett S. Can- BOB, Ingham Carroll, Thomas N. M. Carter, Nathan T. Stratum.Mr. Wn. BJKB.TT then laid that ia view of the great importance that in toe earning Presidemtial canvass would be attached to the party to which tlley belonged, espe ctelly to those whom they put forward ss the represent* . lives of toe party in the taste of New Jnreey, he moved that tbe counties be called by tbe di tlerent chairmen as appointed in caucus, and toat tbey ofkialJy report to the Convention the names af tbe repreaentatives and dele- gates from each county, and that these gentlemen, as their names be called, stead forward.Mr. VasanA object* d. He said the oaly object intend- ed by the motion had been slready efl ected, as the Chair menofcounties had already reported the number oi' dele- gates.further.Mr. SPBEKsaid Uat on behalf of toe coram ttee toat hadWhereas, toe many and gloriouslag the same period, has expreasly sad unaai- imouely affirmed and adopted: and whereas at an a: ionrned meeting of the Charleston <Convent.on. held in Baltimore, ia June last, it did nominate, upon toat king tried and oft approved platform, as toe candidates of the national democratic party, for Prosident, Stephen A. Douglas, ot Illinois, and Mershel V. J.shnson, of Georgia, for Vice President of the I'nited State*: and whereas we bave tailed to discover aay sufficient ••eason for departing from the long settled usages of tbe democratic party—for abandoning, reversing or changing tbe: principles we have so long proieated and so often sotemilly asserted; therei their feet by a simul- lUutesgrew perfectlyicb ensued te ailsseribabie.preferences.This seemed to settle toe whole controven y and everythen announced and through their chairsan. Mr. HitBell.Tbe announcement of those names waa greeted with rounds ot applause, aad toe Chairman oi tlte commitueansorg those who had been dendutlotd as LBMB savers.If God ever designed blessings for toe human family inthis wond, beeertaiBly meant that toey should be fullydeveloped in tote I nion.' Tbe grjea t object for which ourfathers foaght and died waa toe a v iotejbiiity of to* i c o n ,and it was BOW toe duty of toe ir iions to stand by tbeeeifice which toeir ancestors had bttilt up at such a costof blood and drvettee. f o maiaaiii this happy state oftomgs hewouW advisa them to rally arosaw^BeJl aadEverett. It was imsoasibte to n»dtero nobler or more ciared tost toey <!ki not meet toflgbi fitting SaaatatasBBda toWwhoie tec<i- They mast aa all to a hip the black republicansBvereignty ofcon* erred wito toe resolution just. adopted. Tbe con lowed spot by Waahiagtoa aad hia M m patnoto. (Cbeers.) Townsead, C. Wills, E. Westcott, J. W. Lidd<i, H H. John of either wing at tbe expense of the alightest principal. demnaiien there expressed as to I be conduct of Mr. Bu-Daaiel Townsead, E. Brfokerbof, J- S. MoU, B E M.Co. per. Edward Westcett, J. C Desman, Dr. Saiaoel CMiller, J J. Hough. Samuel Liliey, Robert Adrian, Jam*-*Patterson. Wm. Anderson. Chaa. Errickaoa, Benj. M.Geaviand. Dr. E. Shuck, C W. <eomp, %. D. l-Uisoi1, Ad-disoa dark, James Fisher, Henry .Johnson, O. Shejiherd. that, ia consequence of his character as for the reaion democratic candidate sat to divide the party, they had of to* Busses is favor of these diiitinguiahed men. Thethat calamity. He held Uat toe allegiance i and prevent is this country was due to his State first, lsf every manState, he is heard in our national councils. acltixen of a of New Jersey they had always held UM d« As citizens ing care .;' Uieir own afairs in their own ictrine of lak- mocracy in their national councils had spray The de- aad it was their duty to prevent its be;lit toe party,, through this -tate. ng extendedA Votes— '• three cheers for the old war I ioree," which was given wito a will.Tbe Jrnes continued—There is a party in our midst for Bell aad Everett. Tbey are old wh.gs, menibers of that party which toey fought so long and well, but they come to us without say of their old issues, such as the bank, ka. They bad dropped all of these, and now come as sup-Breckinridge faction would soon, rliid themselves in thepositioa of toe tendeman who, Wheii in a storm at sea.to preserve bimteif from sinking aecured himself to thestraight through and nothing else, [bey were now as anchor aad went, of coarse, to the bottom wito a run. the door against anything tikiBa future areaagenMBU. Tha* Jersey, be- twetL two Iroud States., i a 'utie as they wcre, who ised w.tu toe Camden Band, a fveigreseive rcusjeal oiganiaation. !Tb<» procession attracted •'ocs.'lc-rao:'- attention Ion theirHotel. Tbe whole party seemed! to way to thf American tcpef:-,] and volatile spirits ss tbe- be an imaied by very-An attempt waa made to appoint a new I JtaieComm't those offices, sad we berehj : instruct the eiecterB aorm-tee: but before toe motion was pat i aeyurn rise die, which woa_ <arrted, aadits baaady left to* .Msesnaiy C^asahor. iEvery <BOBa*** •reseated a <PBiKEEDINGS OP THEby tois Con\KHtier. f elected, to east toe seven votes of tote But* Mr in«• caadBBBBBl aboveResolved. That hanng taken our Buglas and Johnson, to* regular aamin their power m elect these saattn vail in the eeaatry. B* coatiauei eulOB*iaetawlbteasa>d ite HfoBtn acdrmamaloijdaad hearty apfteiif peace is to pre- " teThe ordinary expteuve* ofthe political vocabulary i began to be hissed out in gemJe tones. It really icoked ss ir tbe Greeks woe going tetea tussle.Judge WM.P. Rai«-os said that as sa old lute whig beLAS C05-t campaign at •* Hall,atanaadh* coaid tend to sacfa aupon the strength of the opposing en simultaneously wito than* own.- 0* th* Matteaalor concessionsfrom any side whatevFor a couple ofVpoa as aJ toe apariBiitedtoUatea- aait* wita ticket s'averyhioa, to* constitatioa sad tl He aiticaily reviewed to* aa sac* all good men and true—steamto supporters of the read from tbe Mississippi river to to* Pacific coast, and and republican parlies, aad atieaary battle groundstoreedemocnitic Riehmonda were avow* its purpase to be, to precis evils *f dacaaa jUess a Soutoarabands of music, no tags, tanners nor devices of any kind either enlivened the proceedings nor adorned toe walls of the building inside or eut; but nottr.Bg was, in fact, re-Severs] calls were made for fa*, onie speakers, white other calls demanded aa sdjearBmimi till toree o'clock. The latter met not toe slightest fav<>r, as the determina-Iof his country.After some other speeches, 1dr. Baaoix^. of WashingtonCity, was mtroduced, aad aaatoe bones of tbe black repobUmaatorattle if toey could haveheardit. He said that at 1east thirteen Southern Steteshe pat form of principles adopted by toe regular Democratictuning aad aH sprtaof BOOBBSlutid with yeUs and gnans. Be, however.Resolved, that we agate accept andreserved; Thatsa it ever has aaa*. Cateaaf tlUntitled Documentthacantedte lay toe fa-> IXsi.iveatieas to be held qrieatioB sad wrthdrawlag it from <of»3ableaman jAona BWOOB, af Pi . He made a vary teaotherwhw aiding, toi immense material re-wy.safety for to* couatry ande tteaa. Tb* oalv sarlatteB far mg around tbe standard of IOn the conclusion of to* C mitt** oo Resolutions reporteResolved. That we beartil John BeU. of T ennessee, for Pn of Maaarhasett*, for Vic* patriou, able and exaortaaceTbe resolution which called this |?relimmary meeting (Tbe reading of toes* reaolutWmii was several times ia supporters of the • Lnion, thatogether was adopted at a caucus of toe party, behi terrupted by lend cheers and tbe <•xcitemaat culminated the prcviou* evening, and on 1he whote it was as the next resolution, condemnaioi7 of the actioa of thefollowed by three more, ia which the whole meeting of slavery by Congress, can hiiveaa malmje-ned, many standing up and waving toeir hate in the subject, te entirely nnnnoani•y te toe present state of toe tion. Sever before a the history of toe State fcad tbe promote harmony. like Jackson, who sa-j•ideed a pri* Mr- Garni S. Cannon, of Bordentown; Mr. Jacob Vanatta, greateat enthusiasm, the resolutmn was accordingly country sod its Territories, teiids greatly to excite •eatteaai oiple wi en be declared martial law aad ended toesecood. of Morristown; Mr. Joel Parker, Mr. 1neodore Rayen, aad adopted with acclamation. divisions merely to promote ithe ambit lews er dsngwoaaapoa aim a raooamg him to preaide over tola (lonven-The following gentlemen addressed the early meeting:—Harmon Price. As these cheers subsided, three iaore were called for view* of designing men, and eBdangers tteaatety of toeThe business of the Convention wa• initiated aad con- the committee, for having so stroisgly and directly ex t nion. and ought thereforepressed the sense of the meeting wito regard to the con ducted without any extraneous disfpiay whatever. No duct of the President-*•ratoteVand opposed to toe efforts af itil sectioaala to weaken, undermine or daatrey it.Resolved, That we earneaUy support toa< with all Us provisions and ecuwell calculated to protect aad sarpportour try, prosperity »nd iadepeadiResolved. That to* caactitatioaal agitettea of reading of tote resolution, which/wiae given most lustily, slavery question, either for tia protect on orPresident, ws-read.JResolved, That we regard the pertaanal interference ofto* Presieientof tbe United Slates With toe action of the peopleIBtoea*choice of hisSUCOH•oru stcacederosa- tory to toe poaitiOB he occupies seeI dangerous to toe lib tries of the people.quired from such aids, far the Convetttion, from ite opening to its clone, waa animated with the greatest euthusi- tion of the majority was to compleite the business of the would go for Betl and Everett. Th* only State that aaaP. Ford, eXiGovenlor of tbe Statgate to Charleston, sad proeeediBia of the Convea- turn having been at oace pntceeded with, the Convention closed its sitting at lwenty minutes to two o'clock, adjourning tmtHe, having adopted a through Douglas ticket on'the Baltimore plat]oriu. and having ei*- focted the whote of the business for whicQ it had met u a seemingly most satisfactory maimerThey also reported tbe foliowing names as toe Bell and Everett electoral ticket to whteh toey had agreed:—12IIf1'!National Democratic Committee of N<;w Jersey, said toat ia view of toe action of acme who claimed to belong to tbe democratic party, aad who had met in convention, not to nominate an electoral ticket to support the regular candidate, but a ticket calculated to defeat the regularOne of the delegates, aaaMd HaUTKD, rose teobjectdrew Jackson Smith, represented as a good reliable demo- crat. uas appointed assistant secretary-A motion was then put and unanimously adopted, that toe counties of the State be called in alphabetical order, and that selections be saade of one person from each county to act as Vice ITealdents.On the motion of Mr. vasmA, it wiis resolved that the roles-of the last Convection be the rviiles of this Con ven tion till otherwise ordered.pncipiious flight of stairs showed those ia the other part of toe room that toe belligenmis were beteg forcibly aad summarily ejected. This wia coauraad by a voice protonal electors, and that after tbe represenistives of each county had chosen their Senatorial eltMtors, each elector be nominated as the eouatifr be caret1.Ten minutes were allowed to tbri counties to choose their delegates, andai'.er toe expiratuaa of this time too decretory callei toe cesmties over, ^then the followingwere unanimously nomfoat^l as -tati: delegates — El WW*!* AT L -.KHEabout two bendred, were seen) rrlarchiag up toe man ft reet cl Trenton, preced'd ly st\ert! musicians con: -ct-aitd Everett ticket.The proceedinei of the Coivent ion, which op to tote iuncture bad b«tn singular!y peaceful and harmonious, with the single exception cited above, now am-mod a more bellicose and excited aspect. Hall" a doze* iete- t mea rose to address the President, amid cites of "Chair, ' • i b«ir, •order.'" 'Order, But it wa* like calling spirits from the vasty deep when they cannot reasonably be expected to come. All tat I efforts of toe chairman to preserve order in tbe Conventioa were perfectly futile.Tb" confusion , rew momentij' more oo founded. Tbe pro- position of Mr. Hatetel drew Ibrth loud applause, and for a moment it seemed as if his caunsel weald prevail. Bui no soocer did tbe chairman atteiapt to put toe question to a division than the opposition ieturned to toe charge wito redoubled vigor.Mr. GEORGE ROBESON suppoi•ted toe action of toe Com mittee on Resolutions and the electoral ticket. Ha thought that toe names propeaed by toem were perfectly unobjectionable in every respect, aad he did not see any reason why there should be imy delay in nomxatag a straightout electoral ticket. As he understood toe propo- sition of Mr. Haiated. it was intendsd to give toe .-Itecu tive Committee of toe Congressional districts tie right to supply names ia toe ptee* of gentlemen who might be removed from the ticket by say caaae whatever. He was altogeUier opposed to srirteg such power toaa irresponsible conimittee. The BaD and Erer- ett ticket should be clearly .ind openly decided ucos for ail. He therefore proposed as an ameadment, that toe Convention proceed immedist ely to the nomination of s a electoral ticket.The Convention did not seeta to know its own mind, for tois proposition was received wito as much, if not more enthusiasm, than that made]by Mr. Haiated.Loud cries of "Question neiw arose, and as the Convoa- tion was momently becoming more clamorous, toe Ctenr- man attempted to put toe aasaaaaasBt despite of toe desperate opposition of Mr. Eadsted.wbenOne of toe DuacarsTS Srom tbe centre of to* Ball arose and shouted *r> loudly that toeCasrraa-» aad lately dele-troubles, and he had followed his hatrea up, as was seenia what took place in Charleston siid Baltimore, when belet oat Jehu lancey upon him to disturb toe regular pro-ceedings at those Conventions, tTlit Yancey would leadthe country into revolution if be IMd but his own way.He was like Phaeton, who aspired)0 guide the chariot oftoe Sun. and. like him, he would run toe team into toeditdb if he ban the chance of gettin1the reias for a while.Yancey has thoroughly disgraced 1xanself at Charlestonand Bait more and there was no fBar of bis ever beingpermitted to do other harm. I'Oder these circum-stances it waa their duty to idhere unshrinkinglyto the gallant Senator from Illinois. (Vehementcheers.) It waa their duty to present him boldly to the action of toe ComiBittee on Reaolutieaa ianominating an electoral th •ket. He bad understood that tbe committee haeiI beea appointed with instructions to make inquines sa to the best means to be adopted for tbe defeat of Lteeate and Hamlin. It should, in his opinion, be fullywhether there waa no chance efaaiother Conventions, who weni equally desirous ofing tbe black republican party. 17 toey decided e a a straight out and out ticket, tiMy would thus be shuttingdoubtful was Missouri, wherelicaaism was spreading terribagainst toem, aad all toe trtehs of their foe*, th get a majority even out of iba Stete. as achanac was richly merited Be (Mr. Buchanan) had and a slaveholder, be called aa Union men tot pursued Stephen A. Douglas for I£e past two or toree by the country in her danger.years with merciless hostility. He had hunted him Tbe Committee on the Etecteral Ticketw to Dante bands ia the data of the Kansas tbe appointment of three getittemsa from «before the people of New Jersey, sad to rebuke amy interference with toe course they should adopt. Tbey were a Convention of toe true democratic party, and with Douglas aad Johnson oa their Btate ticket for President and Vice President, they would ereate a general uprisingThe Bell and Everett Convention made a somewhat for-nuartere of the Pell and Everett "sen was at toe American Hotel, and their place of meeting a large buildingcalled lolioc'i Hall, linmedlafoly opposite. These two claiming Uat it waa nothing but two democrats agttiag.The arrival of the delera^s, ai hsif past eleven o'clock, was made shown by toe sounds of martial music, andIt was than moved and carried tla t each Congressional toe names of gentle-district should report to toe Chair oommittees.men lo be appointed on toe severalThe Conventioa toea took a reci:ressioaal datneta toAFTKKKOOMto have toe necessity of say .ug thaBe*. Bawav M FnxjduofSy promising and pro-ton vent ion.had been an outrageous locoftwo op to tost vary raorning' and he had arrived, at Trenton for toe purpose of attend teg a L*mocratic Convention, But be bad BOsooner ar' rived than he saw a grossly insclting notice m one of tbe papers to the effect Uat toe Ihell aad Everett party waa to be sold out to tbe highest aad best bidder. He looked on that as one of toe vilest aets ever perpetrated by toe worst party that ever exist*1 ta the wond. (Applause and laughter ) But it bad tile effect of deciding him on the course he should pursue, At the democrats had eut their own throats by their u•treasonable conduct, and aa his only desire was to see Lincoln aad Tlamlin thoroughly defeated, be determined to join to* party that bad the grosiest chances of sue- cess, aad the he hadaa of tea miButea toEUXTOKS Jif IABGa.Charles G McCbesaey. Edmund Brewer.OtSTBlCT I Did. Put.1—John T. WoodhuU. 4—Cornelius Boyce. 2-William K. McDonald. 6—John V. " 3—Col. Peter J. Clark.cheers.) He hoped toe Cos vent ion would take care of their chances and not imitate toe Dougtea mea te hastily nominating tflpir electoral 1ticket. There was plenty of time, and he hoped toat Mr, Hateted s motion wooid yet be considered.Mr. HAISTKD again came tD the rescue sad splutteredwindy oration, ataah to to* disguat of tbe members of the Convent-on, whose pa-had come to the Conveatten n•sired support of BeU and Everett.would B**ly staad forth aa< ticket. Utrtnotbesaidthathe purpose of agreeiag oa as — "--rated te ahaUMThe whote matter-ato ^ -sry Clayui otoars te unite ia sawd fate-tea;to* tews,' i a valid obtectioa.Be calted aa toereply. but be was agaoa asH www.fultonhistory.com 