 •sumption of pious horror, are antiquated tricks. .The writer is evidently and intentionally in error;we counseled no mob—but in express words depreca- trade in Virginia forms a mighty aivl powerful reason ted it. W e did not wish to see JLhe gray backs of Oluo•andlorrupt, whohaveforced or intriguedthemselves of Virginia to break down the African slave-trade.- resentative of a foreign county, by.such AininadabWe have sOme opportunities which we willavailonr&elves of, to guess beforehand of the leading features'"of the Reports of Committees ou the question* which mm art uresi^es, masque occupy so large a share of the attention .of the Method-,ist people in both hemispheres. The question of Slave-ry will have the preeminence, and the enthusiasm inthis body during the days of its continuance.- \ity is requested to state that Tom Sayersj was only got safely to London by being placed in a horse van atwithin the ropes, having for his seconds Harry Brun- ton and Kit Burns of America."Then follows a full report of the.rounds, after which.justice fo the American nation W,hen he showed that the pfesent state of tilings does notarise from the delib-. erat<ilchoice of the multitude; it is far too bad for that. The leiiljcause of the lamenUtble scenes which disgraceJL. -Oil'*5* 0mmi §N^ORKmEOEOBE.tied,there^eeem*nttledotjbthutthat"the>jmatter,will •thhSBB.if- endwhereitis.Theangryspiritwhichonthenretduringio.greatest 'jgoteia^^ ';'censtitutionalrestrictionsontheslaiye-trrfdeandletthenegroes come. Then, gentlemen,! we should proceedharmoniously,,goontoprosperandprospering,until respottdent,TheMountaineer,extrafromSaltLak^the last trump of God Bhould3»Mpd;\uniu' time wasmerged in the ocean of eternity. TApphiuse.] I say, City, at 5 p..,m» of the;21st ulu, which reached^St.fellow-l)emocrat8, that I remained pere because I bave Jotephj; Mo., at 9 a. m. of the^Oth, and was deliveredgreat faith in the Northern Democracy. If I am in our office on Friday morning, in a little over twelW .forced to part wiih you it willbe w|ithabfceding heart. days from the Holy City. This is far quicker timeTHEFIGHTFORTHECHXMPTONSHTP. The English papers are still occupied in 'dwcuwdnghelp tenderingas w>me proof of his appreciation of thein addition to this we hope such snbsc teem in which eir other high-.. ••"*;:. , .fc«rt.^»a*4l*(Piw.! r*r•'~i:,^.-•/. ' ' - " ' • , " •;- •"•••: ;•i for}SDAILY TRIBUNES MONDAY MAY 7, I860,SHmrmmm•-' Zi-.§!t••"'•'•••'"0. -';• ill3iIDthe evonrog, Romewas iUuminatcdas. TRUEPRINCIPLESOFMODERNDEMOCRACY. Douglas, or anybody else,if you will fakojoff the Un-MB* •iLATE FROM UTAH.•day bf the contest appeared to influence the; American supportersofHeenan.andwhichled.topmostpartial account* of the struggle being transmitted to America,• •By ,the Pony Express, we hjave^from our Utah cor*J !«**?»• ••-:•••*4 Wo now turn to the brave American, and recordthe doings of this thoroughly game and worthy aspirant to the championship and belt of Old EogUud. On owing to the unpleasant interference of the Philistines,will give peace fp the country and success to the greatTuesday evening he, in company with Mesars. Falk- land, Cuticle, and other Americans came to London, and made headway for the Round Table! in St. Mar- tin's court, where the Boy $oon retiredjto bed. Herose before 9 the next morning, partook of a most hearty and substantial;breakfast, and.declared that, •with the exception of th^e bruises on his tjace^and his closed,eye,he wasnot stiff or pore. He had intended" t o go to"Epsom;* "but the weather not bemg very pro-pituous he declined, and Jlacdonald had M> leave with-out'taking his protege with him. When Macdonaldat a time when matters had arrived at rather an im- portant crisis, for Shaw had a strong lead, and, in fact, we may say, held the winning card in his hand. Lyneh's antecedents have been such as to place him highintheestimation,ofthepatronsofthenobleart, by whom, and justly so, he has been looked on as one of the best men of the feather-weight division that ever' entered the ring. His history is recorded in Fistiana. This is young Shaw's dtbut within tfie ' magic circle,' and it niuktbe admitted no lad ever made a more favor- able appearance. There can, be no doubt that he is destined in time.to shine forth' among the celebrities ofthat the domestic relations of each -State are to be. and should be: left to' themselves; that this eternal Slavery question • has . been the bone ofcontentionbetweentheNorthandSouth,whichifTHE. REPUBLICAN.'•*.• VIRGINIA::IN* Newmarket, and taken by post-horses some distance on the journal thus goes on to the conclusion of the story,the road, to a place where, in a suitable disguise, he showing how,the police interfered, how the fight waswas able to make his appearance at a railway station, 'and thus get safely to London. ' I t ha*j also been re- quested, by Tom's father, to make it known that the rumors as to his being of Irish descent are utterly un-interrupted, and how it was renewed, to the defeat of the American.peace! vere agreed to, on condition that Mr. Lovejoyshould leave the position that he so unwarrantably oc-cupied ,and speak either from his own seat or from theClerk] J ; desk. An English Senator would probablyinHdaven.[Cheers and laughter.]" vVbeii the <i«?vil "vvns Hick, The devil a incut would bepassed anything that we, at any time, expected. Not that we did not know that there were thousands of men ih Virginia,who are attached to the doctrines of Repub- licanism, but that we did not dire to hope that theresion.• . ''.s• " Indian outrages"—which appear to be in good part outrages upon Indians-*-are rife in Utah. An In-dian aged 18 years was barbarously murdered by two men named Kirk and'Johnston—the former a U. S. DeputyMarshal^-onSevierRiveronthe3dult.true. Mr. Sayers says he was born at pteyning, Sus- advantage, and the quick, rapid," and effective mannerin which he got on nis man with both left and right sex,andhisancestorsformanyyearswereinhabitants gavehimanimmensesuperiority. Infact,somuchof the same county. Tom's mother also and her fanii- had he the battle in his hand that it at last became a ly were Sussex people. Concerning the futurc -move- question of time. When, however,, the hopes ofhave 1eeii not a little abashed at playing so prominent'a part) in such a scene, but Mr. Lovejoy's nerves were We,the Democracy of .the South, are mere' carpet distance and take part"in the Convention. In this we|f(ternerstuff. Hehadaspeechtodeliver,and .knights. Itisno"troubleforustolbeDemocrats. wereniost'agreeablydisappointed.,NeverhasaCon-meats of the fighters, Bell's Life says:" W e are satisfied that, beyond the mere questionof the belt, it will be far more to the interests of the . men to draw their money and give jointj sparring exhi- bitions throughout the country, by which they willreaphatsfallofgold,andwillalsogainthegoodopin- * ions of many who have expressed strong opinions on the subject, and who only tolerated thesnatch becauseve solders utterly regardless of the running fire and shuider with which they have to <bntend. I view i"he Wheeling (Va.) Union, on the day before the m2iit8 and interjections with which he was. iu these men types of the old ancient [tomans; I view Republican Convention recently held in that city, 'ad-FOUR'fH DAY.*4 In pursuance of the referee's decision, the men and their backers met again on Friday for tne purpose of it got too fir ahead of them to be stopped. Under any renewing hostilities, when the ring was .pitched ongross itfdignity, a grave insult,, to the Old Dominion. the mother of States. . How far they will succeed, ana whether they will be' suffered to proceed with their sacrilegious work in peace remains to"be seen. We hitherto deemed the idea of convening these illustrious traitors on the soil of Virginia!as an absurdity. Butcircumstances^ we are satisfied the public, whether the quite new ground, where, we are glad to say, the con- men fight agam or draw, will at oiK-e fallow au exam- test was,without any further interferencefrom the Blues,ple already set by some-of their friends, and pay them brought to a most satisfactory termination. The ment o - d a y , i n t h e S t a t e a n d o n t h e ' s o i l p r o f a n e d b y t h e crimes and blood of. John Brown, they intend, if not prevented, holding one of their traitorous assemblages., »»•f o u g h t i n t h e s a m e g a m e a n d h e r o i c s t y l e t h a t t h e y ' h a dexhibited throughout the contest on the preceding-day, !dud although the rounds, .from tho manly and brilliant raised for both as will evince the high ly held. As manner in which they were fought; are well deserving their gallantry, their endurance, and to be given in full, yet we are unable to gratify the qualities on the day of battle are univel patrons of the ring by entering" into a detailed descrip-: ' $ I1! R e c o l l e c t i o n s , is. related of tie Cof the Grand Duches satit, the. sett|lei|ientNillist brought s efrang light. -"At-tlte'.aiwholeseries«t ke late Grand Duke' tiaep t i o u H w i l l b e lor their colors as if they had both wonj the battle, and•.r•\#*jtt*mri+r-t' -r\-/ *.»*.ft******-. ^ K i - ' . v i ^ w n . v ^ i v 'iae« i©ah «SSBS>....,,>#*.»«»,*-..t.n«A>*'AMtt'*r*rllf> • '-•«..*"*•»...,QW*rMv«m *> -,*.*r* . •, ,: ,\ ,f.j4*j0**f» f:- ».•<"••''•;.;;','. oil:.:•/!ASL^EETREBATE1^CONGRESS;A \ jFrotrt The London Times qf 4prilZl.E v e kbodjy may observe on the'f^oorof'the House, of•Comm jns,t i t the distance of aboiit a couple of feet from •porting papers give glowing sketches of the appear- Sayers. The great redeeming virtiie, of the prize ring, the bei fchesthat <wnfront'--eacb^Vo;th<eir''<)n'each'side.>two anceofthecombatantsthedayafterthefight,andof -iloveoffairplay-wascertainlyneverbetterex- paralleIlineswrought into the mattingbywhichthe thenumeroushonorsshoweredupontnein.fOf*Sayers enipHfiedthanintherecentcontest,andthefactof feetoftheijnembei-sarein^somedegreeprotectedfrom it issaid: " Notwithstandingthe fearful natureofthe both men strongly-claiming to have won when the the su|ten^ean blast, ^!bic^v-in]Bju^^^iatwe:^^ fightwasstoppedofitselfproveshowequallythescalecombsJeneath,diffusesacloud"of'impalpable'butnot *ordeal he had passed through, and the amount of waahalancedto the last. _ invisit ie dhst over deliberations already sufficiently dry. *punishxaent he must have received, ha presented In the interval which has elapsed since Tuesday, These wreaks trace^ according to ancient traditions, the *4 nothing in his contour beyond a slight icut. on the the referee has received some hundreds of letters from line be fond which it is not permitted for a membcrto •'upperlip,amiasimilarmarkontherightssideofhis allpartsofthekingdom,inclosingmoneyforatesti-ta'dvanehithecourseofdebate,andareplacedata monial to Sayers. Nearly all the letters are anony- 'dtsiain B so great aa to prevent ourpugnacious ances-T H Ej-V A Speech by Mr. Oanldtai of Georgia,8Wlththe incidents and effects of the recent prize-%hu The has in a great measurepassed off, and there is no doubt that by the next mail more justice will be done to1 ' ItBf Fefforts on the part of the referee, could not be concluded,cible, i ntil, at the very climax of his Indignant oratory,he foi id himself gesticulating violently and inveighingfnrioi lyjin front of the Democratic benches, and, asDenu racy in America is essentially a slaveholding in-.stituti i n, in front of the. very men whose most valuableprope i ty He was sedulously depreciating. Dark grewthefit-es|oftheSouthernersatthisunwelcomeandirritat: hgapparition. l"heir hands were clinched, their kept in the halls of Congress must break up this Gov- •It seems almost as much a woric of sujicrerogation piaster Eagan, eon of the Major, in four hours and a teeth ' ?er| set, themeyes flashed lire, and all things. ernment. I am one of those who believe in non-inter- to affirm the complete and entire success of thjj' Repub- half.seem< Itojannounce the coming of what in the land of vention, either in the States or the Territories. [Ap- lican Convention that met in this city on Wednesday ...FURTHER INDIAN HOSTILITIES.—Capt, Randall libert is'known as a " free fight." Mr, Ptyor, Bpting- plause.] I am not in favor of hreaking up this Gov- | last,- as it was for the fellow to label the lama, which arrived yesterday from Bear River. He reports fur- ing t his feet, protested against the conduct of Mr. ernment upon an-impracticable issue,'upon a mere he exhibited in Soho, square, London, some years ago, ther depredations ,'bv the Indians. They had stolenleft he appeared in the best of spirits,capafterDimasanomenofsuc^ss.JinkstatesthattheP.E.inthemostconspicuousmanner.Hecomeswere'" ""' '"'~'--'"•• ' '••"'-*--the Boy gave him express orders to make a match for him to fight his old antagonist, iXomssey for £300 a aide, and concluded with .'Be sure and!not mit* the opportunity of getting the match on be: ore he (Mor- nwwy) leaves the country.' "Bell's Life says that while Sayers was in that office,on the Wednesday after the fight, 'the cfrowd in theStrand was extraordinary, more than equal to what isseen, on Lord Mayor's day; and "on the championTninfrjsTg his appearance in the street, the cheering wasvociferous, hats were thrown up, handercbiefa waved,of a'good milling stock, being no other than son of the once renowned and gallant Jemmy Shawu who was, it will be remembered, one of the gamest men that ever entered the riii£. Shaw will not he nineteen until the 17th of September next, therefore tlieSmuscularity of his frame has not yet been fully develi^pedV. Lynch was bound not to exceed eight stone, having to weigh on the morning of fighting, and when he scaled on Tuesday last, at George Brown's, did not pull down moce than 7 stone 12 pounds. Shaw was stated to be about the same weight, but, as may be imagined,when they entered the ring on Thursday, both had in- creased their specific gravity by two or three pounds. The ring arrangements were completed soon alter 9The I i'sel and tumult were inexpressible, and it ap-peare' atjlone moment as if the Representatives of the'Peopl were about to add one more to the numerousfights hijeh have already given a classical reputation unjust law$, and it is mere folly and. madness now'to Such is our feeling about the Convention. That it that they are gathering on Bear River, and state that to ti^ all in which "Congress assembles. The ask. for protection for a nonentity, for a thing which was a success—a most complete and overwhelming suc- they are shonl a toe Ibuck (very angryj, and want to Chaira ban of Committees strove in Vain to restore is not' there. W e have no slaves to carry to these cess—was simply a fact—a fact that, like all other (facts, fight. ' ,|and in fart it was more like an ovation t%» sovereign,than to the Champion of the P . R." The same author- o'clock. Lynch was the first to make his appearanceor inliolvb himself in' the perils of the scene. The another Slave Slate froni our new Territories with Oho est pretensions whatever. They simply claimed that Spanish Forks Kanyou, and as. fair as Green Eiyer, DepuJ f Sergeant-at-Arms did, indeed, appear; but*,he present'supply of slaves, you will be obliged to give up it would bean unpretending, respectable Convention of passed the'night at Lehi. W e linde'rstand a Mr. Jones was l rdered to stand aside by the infuriated Senators, another State, either Maryland,' Delaware, or Virginia, peaceable citizens, who were devoted to the belief that is employed asjgiiide, and that the party are expectedand aj nigllistic encounter,, after the fashion of the re- to Free Soil upon the North. Now, I would deal the principles of the Republican party were preferable to make a report relative to the practicability of a cent 1attle near Aldeishott, seemed inevitable. Hon- with!this question, fellow-Democrats^as a practical to those of the Democratic party, and that they were route, before the main of the army will move fromorable gentlemen, were beginning to pair off, and one. (.When I can sec no possible practical good to re- as salutary for acceptance here iu Virginia, as they Camp Floyd.place | hemselves in hostile attitude. Some encouraged suit to the country from demanding legislation upon were anywhere else. This was all,- we aav, that the UT AH .COMMISSION.—A rumor is rife in our city atthe is lending combatauts, while others, of a gentler this theory, I am not prepared to disiiilegrate and dis- friends of the Convention hereabouts hoped for orlex- present that/a commission is appointed .to investigate and lai s warlike nature, ventured even at that stormy member the great Democratic party of tuis Union. Imomci it, like Mr. Bright in the fervor of the Crimean believe that > the hopes-of this country depend upon pected. They, of course, were/ most agreeably disap- tbe financial accounts of certain disbursing agents ofwar, \) speak the language of peace. At. last more the maintenance of the great Democratic party North. pointed in the large aud extended representation from the General Government. • Col. Stambaugh and Maj. ieinpfl ate counsels prevailed, and preliminaries of [Applause.] It is no trouble for a^man to be a saint all party of the Suite. We heartily confess that it sur- Montgomery, we have heard, constitute the commis-Stnmill. From the commencement, Shaw showed to much' We have thus far given a detailed description,of theShaw's partisans were highest, aiid poor old Jemmy nearly in ecstacies at the near prospect of victory, the " mideniables" made their unwelcome appearance, and af the termination of the thirty-seventh round, the bat- tle having lasted exactly sixty minutes, the referee was compelled to order a suspension of hostilities, and or-deredthementomeetagainonthe^following day.GENERALCONFERENCE..j,. p. t*i^**i*r^"Vi**ivs*t'*i^*h" J •.••*'&M'ivl**nose», He slept well, and, in the mornhtg, though mous, and state that the writers never saw a prize tors in Lhej very hottest moment of debate froin liaving' the commotion and the intense excitement which were*4atittle*stif&ish,'wasasfreshasacL^sy."Thefight,oreven,heardofSayerstilltherecentcontest, recoui|etb^heirswords. In.moderndays.thelinehas; existinguponthequestionsbeforethisbody,Ifeltit consistentlywithhonorandpropriety,for1believethat poniesoftheWahshtchtripover'thecentralrouteinaw4ay"agentleman"calledattheofficeofanotherpaper land^andScotland,andcontainsumsvaryingfroma awaySroiri1!hisproperpoeition,aridedginghimselfoffwith those gentlemen. I regret to disagree with my party of the North, [that you destroy this Government; are n> agents, who will do anything to take care of beyond all questionv [applause]; and the Union falls the Indians. The Federal Judiciary presents bqt onebrethren from the South upon any of the great ques- I poltnon to represent the bench. There is no'National tions which interest our common country. I am a and falls forever! Now, I am nota-disunionist.v 1 attorney to prosecute; and the walls of the FederalSouthern"States'Rights,man;IamanAfricanslave- lovethis'Unionforthememories!ofthepastandfor prisonaregoingjtodecay.Whatshallbedone?the hopes of the future. [Applause.] The blood of . Cn tCKETs.—Qur country correspondence presents to trader. I believe I am one of those Southern men my ancestors was poured out around this city andwhobelievethatSlaveryisright,morally,religiously, •throughouttheSouthtorear,alofttheproudbannerof usm<atgloomyforebodingsforthenex^.harvesthome.*and left a hundred guinea* for the same purpose; theproprietor of a tavern gave the English Championa*3vercup;Mwrriwseycontributedagbldchain;shilling's worth of postage stamps up to notes for £25.heyon 1 the limit assigned tQ his motions. Hut such ec- centri $ties have never provoked moi-e than a passing smile jjra|irhomentary consciousness in the inind of ,the44another -gentleman". has promised him a hundredthat the "side shows" have to the circus, was the_tion, rhiijigs are taken more seriously in America, and thesehewhichrecentlytookplace,intheCapitolofpounds;upwardof£70wascollectedforIhimatthe combatbetweentheAmerican"featherweight"andI^onJStocJt Exchange; " a nobleman of high rauVwentWordto JMPsLife, that if any testimonial was Lynch, the latter, William Shaw. As fa lively speci-storm sr times of which the sti-eak on the floor of thie HOUKI : of iCjOmmons is now the only abiding trace. .It :ems;that on a recent occasion a certain Mr. Love: >ywas declaiming, with all the ardor of an en- Jightc e9 patriot, in a. Committee bf the •whole House on th Btate-of the Union, against thevmanifold evils, and a onnnations of Negro Slavery. His eloquence move not only his audience, but himself. He gradu- allyic ged'away from his proper position; his motions becan i riiore rapid as his declamation grew more for-blackj, portentoih? groiuid-clouds, and fbrows. out a the institution elf-Slavery has done more for this coun- theirs, feel bound to maintain this Union and the Con- frowning challenge to the, sprouting crops. Those whotry,'moi-e for civilization, than all other interests put stitution so long, and no longer than I can do it honor- bave wheat or flour will do vv-eli to^aki^ care of ft, and together. I^'llelieve if it were in the power of this ably and justly to myself and m y country. But. I do count the mouths to eat, and the pounds to furnish country to strike' down. the hifltitrition ofNSlavery, it not ytjt despair of the Iiepublic. Entertaining, as J tbem. The:army that remains had better be- admohdo, such.profound respect, nay, almost: veneration for ished to secure their foj-age and rations from the East,the justice of the Democracy of the North, I will yetstand by you for a time. I will do all that in me lies as any reliance upon home productions might be pro-to heal these differences. I trust that the result of our eminent our whole rights in this regard. I believe deliberations will be the nomination of such a man asproposed, he wished to head the list with £20. Even" a worthy Baronet, who owns his dislike to the"PrizeKing,calledand left £1, whichhecouldnotmen of• the transatlantic style of reporting pugilistic encounters, the following extracts from Bell's Life will not be devoid of intei-est^ '"This match was to bave formed the afterpiece to the great international fistic tournament. As, how- *4 good.qualitiesof suchaman" asSayers, Thesame ever, it was impossible to bring the event off, fresh arrangements had to be made, and the belligerents met on Thursday, but, notwithstanding the most strenuous4ipepersaya;K K MINOR FIGHT. -' •! \Holdingnearlythesamerelationto"thegreatfight" memhp^thathehasplacedhimselfinaridiculousposi-Love »yih crossing over to the Democratic side of the' Hall,";.ndj!shook his fist in Mr. Lovejoy'sface. Northeory. I believe that this doctrine of protection to with a carding, [" allowed by Sir Joseph Banks to be a gome eight or ten horses belonging to Mr. George Slavery in the Territories is a mere theory, a mere ab- quadruped.'' We recollect that this proceeding Marsh or Willow Creek,-and four othersfrom the same(n tbe death of Mrs >.,:-C- I'und the ptesem geiitatHJi •olutiorj. Labtohnu . SiEbeijezerWaWen.b Her father, affrler'mr:Lv: Republicans, on their side, slow to back theire<h he proceeded to make, without being in any[Applause and laughter.] When I lb >k to the North- vert-ion had anywhere a more glorious success; never em- X>emocrats, 1 see them standin up there and one that covered its enemies with a more sudden andIy the Southerners from the other side of the' inthem all that is patriotic and noble; and, for one, I am not willing to cut loose from then! [Great cheer-v.'•*'.•• ".'isja picture ''of a scene in Congress on the 5th of thispi:seiitmonthofApril,1860,andsuchscenesare eriacte 1 ih the Legislatures of some thh-ty States, to say no liiiig of the Territories which make up the great Amerjj-an Union. Great indeed has been the change since tiie lays of the first Congress, when it met m doubt ami uncertainty to rally the energies and.stimu- late lib exertions of a great nation struggling for inde- S e n d c i c e l , T h o s e g r e a t m e n w o u l d h a v e a s l i t t l ereani ;d;jof interrupting their deep affd-solemn deliber- tions IOT''.the emancipation of their -wnntry by.scenes like t:e one we have just described as the Roman Sen- ate W|hen it awaited the approach of the Cauls, or the English House of Commons when King Charles camedressed the following appeal to the people to break upSaturday, May4,1860.wiH.be Keen above2 we have already iteceived sugges- tion, owing to extraordinary pressure on our space. to sei se the Five Membeis. The American RevolutiontioD* and subscriptions for Savers, andjwe hope it will Therefore let it be sufficient to statethatxhe combatants was lijd;l)y a gentleman of honor, of liigh courage, and-notbemanydaysbeforewenavethe[pleasureofan- displayedthesamepointsthattheydidthepreceding ofed.cation,andtherewasaslittlelikelihoodofa .laughter.]•Itellyduthatthe;slave-trading«fVirginia w'liilethosearchtraitorsareplottinginourverymidst,with the intention to enslave. Weregard;thefollowingasnearlycorrect figuresand fact* on thie! question, premising that the official, vote on these propositions in. the various Annual Con- ferences haaheen received, and, will shortly be laid be-soondng fumilar donations for the brave American." day, Shaw,'from the. clever and effective style jn ynlgai' brawl taking place in the hall of/the first Con- is more' immoral, more unchristian in every possible which he out-fought nid out-generaled his opponent, gress i s leneath the splendid roof of our own House point! of view, than that .African, slave-trade which The subject of prize-fighting was brought up in the taking from the first a most prominent lead. • Although of Lc Ida. Whence has arisen •the difference'? The goes to Africa and brings a heathen and -worthless man English House of Commons on the HOmi ult, and Mr. during the battle there' were -otic or two momentary answer is only too plain; the institutions of Washing- here,; makes him a useful man. Christianizes him, and JEwart inquire'd what the State of the law really was. changes in favor of Lynch, yet, as the battle progressed, ton ai * i'gone, and with them the manners and habits of sends him and his posterity down the stream of time tothe vilest treason;/ counseling opposition to her tried,trjusty, and time-honored institutions. The name- oferi; mania of hlaj to avH e opposed, the argument in favor of t le Ring drawn the tide of victory set strongly in favor of bis opponent, the m m who -created'them. The tide of Democracy from the universal interest felt in pri:e-fights. Mr. and some rounds before the contest .was brought to a hassMjcp, over the land, and leveled everything that Scully declared' that it was a disgrace K> the country close, it became apparent that shaw must ultimately stood above itself. The rich have'learned to betnat two human beings should be allov ed to pummel win. In the whole, bl gallant and deteremined rounds, aalianfedof their wealth, the learned of their knowledge, each other for two hours and a half, hi 4ne of the most occupying one hour and forty-tive minutes, were the refine! of their refinement. The standard of every-join in the blessing* of civilization. [Cheers and laughter.] Now, J^ellow-Democruts, so far_ as_ any public expression of opinion, of the State .of Virginia— the. great slave-trading State, of Virginia—has been given, they are all opposed to the African slave-trade.Dr. REED of Indiana—I am from Indiana, aud I am in favor of it. . . |Mr. GAULDKN—Now, gentlemen,;we are told, upon high authority, that-there is a certain class of men whoTbe very traitors engaged in this work will scorn her fc r her want of spirit and fidelity to her State laws. •Will it, shall it be suffered." jas follows: «' '!.-'.*, ' !For the Erie Ttulc—Erie, Miclifsan, Upper Iowa, Indicne, K^w-Hanjpi'bire, West W'lBCoaain, Iowa, Oliio. Wyomiiig.ter what, and no i»-er allowed toloucL c'l|, If abstainejl froi . di slightest nOtics o soon as a roon wa.- p, talcing out tl;e kith'ahither. When, ms were ".opened, f!innumerable qiiai• v1 kinds of ti'tiinperv (foi collecti<)^^ of jhiid • rj Here, a :ver use*!Ibeled ' Cujtain's 'pa;- lidavastquantlcy.ot urtecn cents), curefuled with rouleaux ol eatestjvalue, rings i.Ulmorethan-amijii-j d doniiant there fo e before his do:ched for money, wit lite tlhian sixteen Uer e«rds, notitions, papin vajin. and th-n ints, the want of wnrci nts oi impprtaia ajicivilized counties in England, without the interferencefought, when Harry Bruiiton, finding the gallant Char-thing is-1 ltercd, .the tone of everything is lowered. I^ordt<jKicjy gave on Thursday night to the House Of Lordgfan admirable picture of the present political statearid in the issue of Friday The .Union had the mingled Strong Anti-Slaverj', but not exprewing any pn feren'c«—De- cowardice and impudence to publish tho following troit, Nt*w-V'ork Kant, No»th-We*t Indiana. South-East Indiana,Kaunas uhd Nebraska, North Indiana, Peoria, South Illinoiseditorial: .'".•'. • The following Conferences voted against any chatige jThe holy-horror article which appeared in Thi In- of the rule, but those in italicsare strong Anti-Slavery, tWligcncer yesterday morning was a wonderfully nosy and rcgara the present rule as sufficient to exclude©f the magistracy. ^He believed that if such an occur- ley had not the leak chance of victory, threw up the sponge, not wishing to see the poor little fellow use-*rence had happened in Ireland, the English papers lessly punished. Lynch, on leaving the ring, had his of Aiijerii'a. Indeed, we do not know that we have 'would have been unanimous in denouncing it, and left peeper closed, and was much punished about the ever jjfceeh the same subject treated with e^ual power . would have characterized all who abett ;d the proceed- dial. Shaw had during the battle been hit heavily and cimjjdetenesa. He did, We believe, no- more thanstrain at a gnat and swallow a camel. Now, Virginia,- production. Had the writer lived in the days when " real eiavehblding" from the Church,' if administeredings as complete savages. Sir 6. L*:wis, in reply, about the ribs, and although he did not show anything said: like heavy punishment about,the nob, yet there can be no doubt he felt a good deal internally, for his oppo- ""»•? The honorable member for Dura fries ^Mr. W . nent, until he lost the use o£ his right mawley in the Ewart) has made a'speech condemning he practice of 40th round, psiid some terrific visitations on his body.prize-nghting,and-traveling;overa•viderangeof Shaw,bytheclevermannerinwhichhewonthiscon- topics, but he ends.byjrimnrir asking riewhat is the test, has proved himself to be one of the moat prom- law upon the subject. "Slvhoaoruble gtrntleuutn (Mr. ising lads for a novice that ever entered the ring, and "V. Scully) following him,-has expatiated still more theie can be no donbt that if care is taken he will, in widely on the subject, and has. expres ied his 'opinion the course of tune, turn out a star among the celebri-.that'itisutterlyimpossiblethatanyeventofthissort tiesoftheP.H. AnagamemanLynch,whohas oonld have occurred in that part of the kingdom with hithert'o been considered the champion of the feather which he is more immediately connecte<i. [Laughter.] weights, did his" best to win, and we hope he-will not He certainly adverted, in passing, to the slight accident be forgotten by his friends, who will, no doubt, wellthe Puritanical cant, eye-rolling .and hypocritical-en-'- aright:thueiasm of the Cromwellian army wasthe regulating ArkoiiHa*, BaltSmorei California, Eaxt BaltLnore. Iuinoin,style; what a soul-inspirer aud spirit-lifter he would Kentucky. Mlwaouri, Newark, New-JenMsy, Oregon, Philadelphia, have made. Praise-God Bare-Bones would have slunk Pittsbiugb, \ irginiu, Gcntaetlaway in virtuous indignation at being so badly beaten Some of the Conferences liave iudoi-sed two or more athisowngame. Butthosedayshavepausedaway— oftiiepropositionsatdifferenttime*;one.New-York,and the* idea of the writer of the " holy-horror article" presented an independent, proposition; while most of' posi nri^i. The task of seJ*cting tlje member for whom i Mr. ICYNDEKS of! N. Y.—You can get one or two and John C- Underwood, being capable of getting up thoee not indorsing either passed resolutions on therecruits from New-York tojoin wit I you. a mock virtue or-heroic indignation, to impose upon subject, desiring to sever all connection with slave- THE PRESIDENT—The time of the gentleman has ex- the goodly people bf the nineteenth century, is superla- holders.that both the combatants on this occasi on were Irish- support him at his benefit." men. [Laughter.] However, without narrowing thequestion in that manner, I would tnk« leave to call hisattention to the fact that those who deli lerately defend,•sion, and the people, as it would soem. are verv nidiiltr-From the above it will be seen that 29 out of the 47 Conferences are strongly opposed to the present rule. Fourteen are. in favor of it; but-live of these are *ov becauhe they consider it already snfficienlly Anti- Slavery; if ft is enforced in its true spirit. The whole. the practice of prize-fighting do so, I apprehend, onthis ground: They say that-it affords :. model of fairfight ing between two persons who engaj ;e in a pugilisticdo i »t even inquire the name of tl e- man whose voting tick it ifj placedln their hands T l ey never see him; he nevJr i»}ees them. Between bin and them there is asittlfjsy apathy, intimacy, and intjjreourse UB-'between mighty dollar. It has been my fort me to go into that will allow to judge impartially, think K>. The ".holy- bate may be expected.noble old Slate to buy a few darkies, and! have had horror writer" hints that we at !one time were much We may give vou in tomorrow's letter an inkling of to pay from .*1,000 to $2,000 a head, jwhen I could go exercited in regard to our religion, etc. We do not re- the course most likely to be pursued by the Committee to Africa and buy better negroes for §50 apiece. [Gre;vt member ever to have been much alarmed. The people /on Slavery} and tiie probable resultswhich it will reachm withV of dialed IcttCJj?. i >.-iencounter; that it lays down certain rt des which mayhe observed by all who fight in a h*s r<guhir manner; pressed through treachery in the Convent Gaucia. The1that in the fights arising out of -<]n«rr«lK which must be city is tranquil, nevertheless the principal roads are Sequent in every community,.the rules!lid down by the daily patrolled by a colunn\of 3,000 men, consisting oftheui und the member for iiiy other -electoral,distr ct The , popular sovereiguty has be-cow* ajiame,and is handed ov<;: to be, exercised byan if ligarchy consisting of men, bscure, uneducated, laughter.] Now, unquestionably, ill is to the interest were at.one time incited to mob!violence against a rep- on this question.tim'ate interests. ahns. offered for- »re. and which wereipeace ia an unlawful assemblage, and any -person announces that the revolt liad spread ove*the whole ofitituencies. of the electoral districtsj have been too you the gross inconsistencies of tie. South iu-'tbis,re- liichinoiid should be too warm), that if in the event ofeijous. It is at least notvunriiasouablo that when gard. I cume'from the First Congressional District of Mr. Uiuieiwood attending any meeting or covention inpropose to lower our electoral franchise, and the State of Georgia. I represent the African slave-1, Richhioiid/hc will be warmly received. The "holy-bu< ttakable ymmoiu> « ipresent and taking part in it may undoubtedly be in- Sicily." dicted for a misdemeanor [hear and laughter]. It hasnot beeft the Jjabit of theUovernmenti of this countryto institute prosecutions in cases of this sort, even at a.-/ • " •out, though his toft hand is still Ufjuu and contused. meats. The Pope was graciously pleased to look forjevim the ladies turned out iu beajatiful sti-cngth. WithBeenan'srepresentative*putinaclam>tothesilverbeltoftheChampionofEngland,whic>th£y considerthechildren,andtosay,'"Whereare^hoselittleangels,? 1 wish them to come and sit at niy *»*».' The childrenjeijty Hall, there partaking of a collation.was virtually lost by Sayers befort the fight, was stopped.Asamatterofoparsejthis<lsimisutterlythenplacedthemeelvetfwithouttinialityandwithout-daywouldhavetobenamedforafinajfcontest when each man was welh After a while; however, a better spirit seemed to prevail, and the friencV of l>oth men ffradually grew unanimous in their wis »es that the menh o had already proved their anflincb ing courage and endurance no well—might not be obliged to light again. Eventually, a kind of understanding to this effect was ooiuo to on both aides, and, thougVno details were set-"^.# ff^y^JJH protection, and then 1 would bo willing to let you have y<n-k, arriyoU at. Havana* at jl :30 p. m. on the 30th had attended (ho efforts of the IrjWi M«th<Kii»ts,-ia?J;VwThe stoiunship Habana, MoCoiinell, for New-Or- Indiana have secured rooms at the Tremont House. the Btnmttcr sovereignty that the North can desire, Mr. leans, was left at Havana, to sail on the afternoon offrom tins tinie forth, to I-OWIT H E INSURRECTION IN. SICIL Y .The latest news frbnV the insurrection in Sicily ispity is fob great a part ih our composition to sutler ua'OUgilt jtO llf,contained in-the following dispatches:'• P ALKRMO, April 11.—The insurrection wail sup-to counsel fliny such course as killing men alreadyfrightened-near unto death. W e did not ad vibe any subject ban been referred to a.Committee of one fromContent to trust their , are very nidulg- intcrcsts often infor its opposition to the African Slavb-trade, and hi thisremark 1 do not intend ahydi'sfefij iect to my friendsfrom Virginia. Virginia, the Mother of States and ofstatesmen, the Mother of President^, I apprehend mayen- as well as .other mortals. I a n afraid that hei-error in this regard lies in the'prpmptittgs Of tho al- such action, nor can any man, whom party prejudice eutii Conference, on the report of which a lively de-ent l|mdlords.tHe arids of the most worthless of the community, theyand Fennsylvania too roughly jostled. W e know-thatprofessional members of the ring are looicedto for guid- cavalry, infantry, and artillery. The members Of aance |hear]j; thatin.thatwayyou avoidthecasualties Revolutionary Committee,,among whom areseveralwhich are inflicted where similar rules are not ob- eminent persons, have been condemned to death. The intdtlie j)bsition of commanding lie suffrages of the wheh she can sell her negroes at $2,000. She knows Sleeks as the " holy-hurror writer'1 aud Joe Barker, served »[hear]; and that an inducement is thus afforded King has ordered their execution to be delayed*'!lor the adoption of a mode of fighting mjuch better than " MESSINA, April 16 (via Marseilles.)—TranquillitySQUA TTERSOVEREIGNTY AND AFRICAN SLAVE-TRADE/proceedh'Sjgrea: :nDeliveredinIkeDemocraticConventionatCharleston ter..on Tuesday, May 1, I860. ^ '•?'; secedCuWhetherthemiiiorityareboundb gooutwiththemajority is a question which I have not yet fully deter- MR. PRESIDENT, AND FELLOW DieMOCRATs: As I mined m niy:©win mind, but at any rate, I told themtomyrobmbysevereindisposition,butlearningofyet;Iintendtostayhere;Iintendtoholdontothe Hhecentral!routetoallothersaschannelsofcommuni-'great. Democratic party of the Union so long as I can cation between the two oceans. Mr. Botierfield may- go to bed now and snooze out bis disappointment. Theand they simply send-their individual contributions to outliy « its uses, and has become as • rudimentary as to be my duty, feeble as I was, to drag myself out to if we bivak up; in a row her>e, Und the' Democratic style not to be competed with. ;,;; '•'•••:-: ;i; .:••.,;:.- '-i ••.same paper t&ys that, on the Thursday aft* r the fight, him to mark their admiration of his courage in defend- the w: agsj with which the ostrich no longer attempts to! party of the country is destroyed^ this Union falls as XJrfa. OrFlciXr.s.—The Federal list in Utah is now- the " merchants e£ liverpool voluntarily subscribed the meeting- of my delegation, and when there 'I was certainly as the sun rises and sets, j I warn you, seced-ing the English belt against such fearful odds. As we fly. ijpmetimes an accurate observer may perceive aj surprised to find a large majority of that delegation ers, if your-action here to-day should have the effect of almot t an entire blank. There is no Secretary to'ais- fcrhimthe-handsomesumof£70."Onthesamehavesaid,theycomefromallpartsof.England,Ire-memhIr,iri-theeageraessofdebate,graduallyslidingvotingtosecedeatoncefromthisbody. IdisagreedismemberinganddestroyingthegreatDemocratichnrscfundsandbringuptheNationalrecords.TheretheEnglish."lightweight"—theformer,CharlesWashigrojnmayenableustocomprehendthosesocially,andpolitically.[Applause.] Ibelievethatourglorious-Union.-I,asahhumbledescendantofThexIdenemy,thecricketjismusteringhisforcesinthat the General Government "by the Constitutionnever had any right to legislate upon this subject.-.. I Democratic- National party of the Union. [Great ap-'oiiy Exprees fronf St. Joseplrived in this city on Thursday morning, at 7:55 o'clock —1 hour and 5' minutes iinside of schedule time. Itbelieve that our Government was a confederation of plause.]'. __[____• States for certain specified objects with limited powers;'.brought Washington d^es till -the 12th inst. The Pony Express, which arrived in this citv, from Calr ifornia at 5:57 p. m on Sunday last, the l.r>th, left Sacramento at 5r2 p, ni. of the 11th. ' Tiie sjiace from RushValleytothiscity,75miles,was"riddenbystraction. [Applause.] Practically it, can be of nochanif on an his inroad-on the stronghold of the enemy, consequence to the South, for the reason that the infant, of the animal, in view Of the fact that spectators had dations 'committed last Week had been captured atj . -,, ..,.• ,.... .thanwasevermadeoverthatroutepriortotheestab- lishment of the Pony Express1. The Mountaineer says: - ..•:•; •;• l'S'. • ..%*Tho C©ii|fc*encehiet ,\n.t'jjecl'iair.\Q list oi Conn K* ofpetitions,6cas heretofore,^resolution Avas )'mtm.<-!iiby"(1;the appeal of In gmehdment vita,thattheG int all [commit btfhot^lof all !ueliquuence, Cowlesmoan:,mplv d«sired to a'< mUtWn |W;ing «ast rjCftfthod Simpson .tiebisbdpsverytti[iC^urt ofJ Appeal» u-i>^ ('«Phebishopshad coif< ianxioustom-relieved•An amjerikhiiertt vr is ? a tee on Episcopacy i\ po giibjeirt tojlbe ratjfi<stioBishop Simpson res? t<offiC'T of tiie iimrcll^^official cliarax-tiir. iprruption; Ifsuch[ fe'opca it migiii. Ixi invesJIIT. Cowles had no. »e ludiops had been ehari'»< jortbern in<lcpend«iit nc\;i 5»ishop« exerci«*ed a)} uri> t* (ions of the Conferencij The rest of the T)TC<» pal orePR.Mrs. JaneT. Pame; n !iel Paine, died at*mof hikcouiijtry hadI :'f lown as the " Ws.weti-!"•<••f?{''•'*•« I •! x-'' . IReviie Co-nleivp>ra\EXPUKSS LSKE.—The sucbess of the Pony Telegraph stated to you a few moments ago, I have been confined this morning, and I tell them now;,! will not go^mt so far has established beyond doubt the superio^ntyofThe devil got welLJfcJutdevil a monk WUH lie." [Great laughter.] could be found so many who would come up from ascomposed by the tumult through which he had-seed. He finished his denunciation of Slavery breasting the tide of fanaticism, opbression, wrong unexpected confusion.FromTheWheelingIntelligencer, May4.j•fiE'THODIST;,,From'Our Own Reporter.BUFF ALO,The repori sen yesterday informed you that numer-craticfriendsoftheNorthtothehistdayoftheweek—late; in the eveiling. [Great lauglfter.] I am notvviliing to. present to them a half; issue of this sort. Iion not willing to disintegrate, dismember, and turnthem over to the ruthless hands of the thieving BlackKepublicaiis. of the North. I would ask my friends ofthe South to come tip in a proper spirit, ask our North-e r n f r i e n d s t o g i v e u s a l l o u r r i g h t s , a n d . t a k e o f f t h eruthless restrictions which cut off. the supply of slavesfrom foreign lands. As a ltfatter of right aud justice to'the South. I would ask the Democracy of the North to It: is with shame, deep and burning, that we chronicle dence, E.. I., &x\<L the Cincinnati, Ohio, ltule. The grant us this thing, and I believe they have the pat- the fact.\ Where is the old Virginia pride, the hot im-ingill! 1 say, then, that 1 will hold on to my. Deino- the.gathering:, . ' j • 'j*To-daytheBlackRepublicansproposetoofferaouspetitions,mobtof.themonSlavery,werepresented during the session. Duringtbis morning they continued to pour in by scores, most of them asking a change sucja as will'.exclude! slaveholders from the communion. Three distinct propositions have been going ike rounds of the Annual Conferences, seeking such a change of the Discipline asjwiil make slaveholding a test of mem- bership. These are known as the Erie, Pa., the Provi-present General jRule of the Discrplihe does not specifi- • riotism and honesty to do-it, because it is right-iu petuous nature and fiery spirit, once so proud to resent callv forbid . slavjeholduig, only the buying or sellingAmtricdn public life is, that the franchise is so low andtheipnjsptuenciesaresolarge,thattheydohotreally totheblessingsofcivilisationandChristianity.[Cheersexei|isti':the power .of which they are the ..nominal der.. and laughter.] *t "•'.*the |btus of the party ar<SBTbe given, devolves not. onthe jiass of his constituents, unknown to him and toeiicl.jofper,butoncertainobscureandirresponsiblepen-ij nsj whose business it is to relieve the elector fromthe ware of considering who is to 1e his representative.The franchise may be leased out, 1 ike any other posse* . Mn. GAULDEN—-NOW, Pellow-Dtmocrats, the slave-Four^Conference!*,viz.,Delaware,Hock ttiver,. Wisconsin, and Vermont, we have not yet heard from, but they are clearly with the majority of tiie other- Conferences in sentiment. "'".movable columns have left Palermo. Other columns .fail id most signally,- with every jossible advantage in on.] I am only sorry that 1 am not in a better con- resolution that the Convention meet next time in ltich-ielitewitf inrimteg1dent! of-his vi»it:1 Oidoubt thai a fight of this nature is an illegal act [hear, thei-fiyor. They have failed mainly for two" rea- mohd was offered-, seemed very desirous to leave some hearj. It hVclearly a breach of the peace. An assem- have been sent from Messina toward Catania and Me- because the franchise has been too low, and the ditiorr tlaui 1 am to vindicate heft, re you to-day thei r.,-i-blage of persons to aid and abet stich a breach of the lazzo. News received from Swiss residents at'. Naples son * words of truth, of honesty, and of right, and to show hole open to crawl through, in care their reception inen, bv means of tpe Al v-passen er, beT H E P A P A L ST A TES.A letter from Rome of the 14tl» of April says:tlyto increase the numbers included in each con-sent body, we should require some security that the trade interests of that section. [Applause.] Ihorror writer" doea us injustice, we advised no mob.jiuired, when about ha •vful ab .ha*tkrf the change will not be io assimilate our con-' I am proud,of the position I occupy in thattime when tiiey were much more conn ion than they " The day before yesterday was one which afforded |onj1.o that of America. That security we have ndfl respect. ; .- &* believe that ' the African slave- FitoM HAVANA.—The United States Mail eteamsbipvss. w repliedrhevinan in fiaigeriiis one tolm|)rrare now, and.therefore more likely to cause inconven- immense consolation to the Sovereign Pontiff. At an ience and confusion. But it is 6pen to the local author- early hour in the morning his Holiness wont to the ities, when any fight takes place, to institute a prosecu- Church of. St. Agnes extra micros, to return thanks to tion in the ordinary way, and bring thh matter before God mid the Immaculate Virgin for the extraordinary the proper tribunals."." protection which had preserved his life arid that of anumerous assembly on the 12th of April, 1853. As it ' From The Loudon Time* of Apr ll\. wasalso the anniversary of his return from Gaeta inreceived, and until we do so wo act prudently in trader is a true missionary, and a true Cahawba, J. W. Smith, co'mmundei-| arrived at-this Christian [applause], and I have plfcaded with my dele-be settled hv each State '{ NoW do this, fellow-citizens, Yesterday the friends of Heenan an i Sayers again 1850, it was a double fete for the faithful, who greeted —jOn'the evening o^ the 2d irst. there was a great and you will have peace in the country. But, so longtwiyry have at-w has heretofore b» S>fce Senate, tlje Co.it ^ whichwill bed ?vttr. Campbell, djba . "witted suicide tfy, J CI siiys the' acI \val» t!B«ct of Spititualhjm*. 'ljhh.-afh. not only picked"Slothes made to \v> ;uv^ « never put on U'ltiJl^d in them.' Hi j epiri1|%ithhimsincehis'tie: •^•Utisfa.dwithth- ct4u<mij>issaidtobe,th:'"j haviHH'n iutiuentvd liyj ^J-'hlo nny, yet the in dni> **o%uo^,comf6rtihl> -»imet at the office of the referee in the Strt nd to endeavor the Head of the Church with 'the most^xtraoidinary dealohstration of the " Wide-Aw ikes" at New-Haven. as your Federal legislature takes; jurisdiction of thisto arrive at some decision that may bring the Jate con- enthusiasm. His Holiness officiated on the occasion, question, so long will there he w a i so long will theretes*t to satisfactory and amicable conclusion., Sayers and among the numerous persons to whom he had dis- Th [ire were large delegations fron Hartford, Meridenj, be ill-blood, so long will there be strife, until this vikagain attended, now bearing scarcely tuiy tokens of tributed the sacramental bread he remarked two young Bi dgeport, Norwich, New-London, Watcrbury, Der- glorious Union of viars shall ho disrupted and go out the battle On his face. His arm, however, is still American, girls, drefised in white and crowned with byj Hjamden, Fairhaven,' and cther places, with the in blood and night forever. I advocate the! repeal ofAn address from the Canada MethodistEin^ow Church was read, nnd the Btehop expivsscd tho «^j» .t fit-lie sufficient to s.v-powerless, and, indeed, has got rathtjr worse than better, tl»e whole limb being swell m, discolored, and painful m the- extreme. As oi the previous occasion, Heenan was not present, and no reason wasgiven for his absence, though it was ki own that it didnot arise from any disfigorjuent pryveiJting his coiningflowers, and who, for the first lime, approached' the Ntjw-Haven Wide-Awakes, turning out over 2,OOP the laws prohibiting the African slave-trade, because I believe it to bo the true Union movement. 1 do not communion table.. These children had come with their topjehes, with a dozen or so of excellent bands. All believe that sections whose interests are so different asfather and' mother, and were, after mass, introduced w.ere in uniforms, and marched -with military precision. into the room,, where Pius IX. and all the assistants,asis the custom on such occasions. Were partaking of a Tne; way was thronged by an enthusiastic crowd,..nullat the close of the Week ending the 28th ult., remainedfirm. 1). S. N, No. 12 quoted at '8^®$^ reals per sympathy of his Church in the welfare of th* V"$T©collation eorisisting of chocolate, ices, cakes, and sweet-"We principally attribute tjio better,feeling of the market to a succession of heavy rains which \vu expe-white. The young pupils of the Roman College came, and presented bim with a handsome red stole.richly embroidered. Piu« IX. felt luwgrutiuVd the pupils would.be at his immediately putting on. the vestment,' but then the rubric stood In the way. ' I will ask per- mission from the Pope,' he said, with a smile; and then put the red stole over his neck. On returning to the Vaticun, his Holiness was greeted with redoubled en-•,;.-•::Cslit pi-eiiiiiuiV;; on N«w-Ortauii», nliort w%ut, JJ©2H>t'.ent.inieeionaricBouttomeetthodemandfor.them Tho steamship Quaker City, Shufehlt, fn>m No\y- but all the Emerald Isle. Ho *tated thatt U r 0itself^ I tell you, Pellow-Democrats, that the African any insult cast upon her glorious, old name. It must beslavekraderia -the. true Union- man. [Cheers and dead indeed when we -stand coolly and unconcern'ed,which authorizes the buying of Christian men, separat- ing them from their wives and children, from all tue relations and associations amid whom they have lived for years, rplhr up her eyes in Holy horror when I would 'go to Africa, buy a- savage^avid introduce himpired. [Criesof"Go,on!goon!" .. '-•• tivelyridiculous.Theactingofmadfollies,andas-. T H E PRESIDENT sLnted that if it ivas the unanimous wish of the Convention, the gentle:nan could proceed.tiebtu^j Therefore it is not to be ;wondered that they that the African ^slave-trade would" break up her" (and by the way, Joe in one of his pious, excited moods bcswW their pati-onage on men of their own class, and monopoly, aud hence her objection to hf. If any of would have added much dignity! to the proceedings of thailthey should brawl and fight a •cording to the man- you Northern Democrats—for I hav jj.more faith in you liihl Weduebday). \We were nOt objects of hatred tomany cases it vj as some of these aijtii'lcs: ; d,l>.H-n paid for ipy'jlje,cthe bowie knife, the stiletto, or, even, let me add, the is restored, and commerce resumed. Several youngahillebigh, the use of wLich, I understand, is not very men compromised iri tne late events have fled the coun- rierMana habits of the. class from which they spring. than I have in the Carpet Knight Democracy of the. tbe mob, nor was our religion; the writer kuows not uncommon in Ireland (hear and laughter]. There try.' The emigration of the inhabitants is considera-. America, has no need of ostracism Ostracism was South—will •go home with me to my plantation in the facts,-nor is the truth in him:.certainly did occur in former years, and perhaps do hie. During the insurrection the citadel \VJ|M obliged lev lied at dangerous greatness, ind her institutions Georgia, but a little way from here, 1 will show youThe final action of the present Conference in regarded© as likely to create a still further division, in case its de- cision should be unfavorable to the morality of the in- stitution as it exists in the remuinuigConfeivuces under itsjuiisdiction.!'The, General!Conference Address of the'Bishops was. readto-dayby{BishopJanes. It is aninterestingpa-per, embracing a variety of topics and statistical m- formatiOn. It expresses"confidence in the wisdom and ' is* piety of tho memoeis of the body, and deplores the entertainment of a spirit BUC-II as "would induce actionfrom mere sectional or partv ihtereetS. Allusion to the^./- late Senior Bishop Waugh" who died in 1858,and a , sketel: of hie character and labors*is given, together " with a statement-of the death of 'twelve other mejm-'< beisof,.tl.c last General Conference, since itsseewonat,;; Indianapolis in 1^50. . Educational and Siinday-Sadnioli., interests are referred to, aud sti-oiig j^i-ound is tay"n|; agaii:st tire miinstrv forming the corps of instruction u»P educational institutions; their work should be the reg*| ular work of the ministry. The. mcrease m member--;' ship during the bust four vears was stated to be 174i»I4 ;' mtmbers and 1,4G9 nunisieis, and tho piesent number^ of members 974,315. , - , ' ] .'!,:The delegates of the Methodist Episcopal Churei*. from Canada, BiiOiob Richardson und die hev, Webster, w.ere introducetl by Bishop Morris. t'^:.eir appeavance, Wei .'Jl -jrS^me years-a pa parjnow sometimes occur, encounters at Iriph fairs, whichhe must admit are somewhat more dangerous to theto cannonade four large "Calabrian barksfjwhich at- tempted to pillage."effectually provide that no such greatness shall exist.rator ought to be allowed to (assume, oven for thesome darkies that I bought iri Maryland, some that I bought in Virginia, some in Delawaije, some in Florida, some in North Carolina, and I.will also show you the pure African, the noblest Roman of them- all. [GreatThe grand pow-wow went otf calmly, and we hope, despite the occasional-fits of ague—for the performers were not acclimated, comfortably to those concerned. We must say, that to have seen the .outsiders amuse"JtAPi.ES, April 17 (via Genoa).—The King'hasthe honorable gentleman, I will now answer the ques-. ation of' cannons and munitions of war con- AiMu-nfahave succeeded, and thai the only question is laughter.] Now, Fellow-Democrats, my feebfe health themselves awhile with Underwood, would not "havetion of• my honorable friendhehind mejas to What is tinues: It is asserted that tricolored flags were wl-:tht:r we possess the same elements-of Success as ana failing voice, admonish me to bring the few re- caused.US much displeasure, itnu we predict, and fearthestateo'fthelaw. 1donotfindthereistheslightest floating" at Trapani, Mazzara, and Marsala Three Anierha. ThehistitutionsofAimi-icahavefailed,and marksIhavetomaketoaclose. [DriesofGoon,go (likeoneof the delegatesfromtinscity,who,whenadctjtook for a- iHtydepf -.s of W3bepublic peace than encounters such as \Me are now con-liUiJlingB or the platform, that the institutions ofietiti!sidering. Having merely adverted to what fell from reviewed and feasted the troops. The embark-01"|itating before we venture on a step which, if iij gation from Georgia to put this issue squarely to-the port on Saturday morning. The Cahawba left New--The N. \y. Hcitathai the famouls Wit v-fevived th|is Se*sion.rs ve'i-y materially our existing.institutions, must r tjhem very materially for tlnb worse.•Northern Democracy, and a;iy to them, Are you pre- Oi-leans at 8 a. in. on the 27th ult., and reached Ha- pared.to.go# back to tirstprinciples, and take: oil' your vana at 1:30 p. in. on the 29ch, leaving there on the -unconstitutional restrictions, and leave this question to 30th at 2 p: m. There was no local news at Havana.The people .were quiet, and delighted that a treaty of amity and commercial intorcoui-so has been determined upon .between the United siates and Spain. The health of Havana continued good. The Sugar market,JRZAT TORCH-LIGHT PROCESSION AT NEW-ILVVKMICONVENTIONwasconsideredverysillyonthepartoftheexhibitorsettlement.OneoftheIndiausengagedinthedepre-has been strangled before it was born. [Laughter.] eyes and sense,•and]were disposedto make use of both, Brigbam City, but he has been rescued by others of Yon have cut oft' the supply of slaves; you have crip- and so determine for themselves jwhether or not the the band. The general bearing of the Indians in the pled the institution of Slavery in the States by your' aaimal was a quadruped. northern settlements is very hostile. It is reportedorder 3 called to his aid the Speaker, and Territories. W e can never make another Slave State could not be ignored or overlooked. The friendsand I'HKrARAT.ORY TO THE MoVKME.VT OFiTHK TROOPJT.' , iojicer called upon the Sergeant-at-Arms. with our present supply of slaves. But if we could; ition of lises, and thend|tfi(the Spe callers of the Convention did not claim, at any j time, —On Tuesday dight last a small part;/ of observation, [Nor a d-lie,-as far as we can ascertain, answer the call, would not be wise for.the reason, that if you make that it was to be a large one. They set up no immod- detached to examine and exploife 'tue route throughiwasaperson oladee oral and inteuectuled-order. -Birkenhead—llU B.i O^tathig.a system <Jjsin has iwi-itten i •p:im ae mover of the Scbeji [Mr. Train's proll:,'ar.d'[pemething useful, in.-:e ide and. kindred consen in colonial delude*ilcallv: Howev•er »Inchto be hoped fhnS-An cjnthusiiistic piuit^r OT|I hi.s-'- arrivai-uirchatEastTroy•.Potter was called nb -,' '•.>.'m the most satiaacu Ikfiom addressee tho. lys: "Many g-ay-ln;Iroiig; (Am, as Ije tai ly by the hand..;!standtirmtothe.i;?) want one, and mustjPotter."" -Iiln an article bv }[.Wheeling will henceforth be a reproach and a by wjord—jtliere will be none so poor as :-to do her reverence. fore the General Conference. It is understood to standthic'di nobody had fenFor the Providence Rule—Providence, East Genesee, North- Another paper rebuked the spirit thus manifested,. Obio, Minnesota, Dldck ltiver, New-Eugland, Oneida.they came in feiir and tremhlhig, and cdhtemptuouyrepjteKehled by the General Confei-vnoc, in a short>•• adobe; The Havana Price Current of the 28th ult. speech. Bishop ltichai-dsou isf a mhu Gthveurs of *§&fpays:4 •supinely by, and allowsthepeopleof the North;to .Thehev.ItobinsbhScott,theDelegftW th0 WR the grinding all over the Island must, soon bo sus-the Soutlu'in„and Northern States jean ever |stand theshocks of fanaticism, unless they be equally balanced.1 believe by reopening this trade, andgiving us negroesto populate the Territories, that the equilibrium of the rienced flui ing the last four days. The general iinpivs- brief, was in excellent .taste, mid bceun^d t* ^T * ;!wt keicandfireworks,theprocessionpassedontothe twosectionswillbemaintained.[ButiftheSouthlies' fcionisthatthorainyreasonbaafairlybegun,andthat jsoo<iimpremon. ".'• -^ •t^ji-j&fepeople au the Territories; until wo come to ho a ho'po- pended, and ithat our crop' in clnsequence will bo a levau Body in Ireland to the Ceneral Conferenoe^ W - v .RijuNGF.MK.VTs.AT.CHICAGO.-Gov.Morgan,.lohn.leeHfractionintheGovernment,thenthat,gallautbaud shortone.Weleaveourquotationsunchanged." alsointroduced.Hisaddress^.andthea^drertof(w^ repudiated by Bayer's fri«ads,: while the Champion boldness, One on either side of his Holiness. The lather Tli Scboolc.raft,. D. D. Conovc Chas. K«Jly, Chai of Democrats North may in vaih attempt to stay the MAUKKTK^SCOAK—Stock on lunui, 240,000 b'oxoti. MOLAHUK*-— Melhodistsof Ireland u« mtd, were listsudl..VJJW* himself at once sagge»tcd that, if the le wt doubt exist- of'the young girls was very much 'affected, and the mi.ii of the State Central Committee, and t\vcnty-n\ torrent that; will roll down upon ub. It .will not bo in P«)iinil<t u.od^irutw, without clwuigoii» prlfiiw. KHKIKHTS h»v« profound attention, interrupted by ftaMuent W w f .xed,theyhadbetterfightagain; Tbhwasalsopro- motherwasasifbesideherself. Being'theweekin ortitlsDelegatesfromNow-York,havesecuredrooms yourpowertodbit. Itshouldbetheobjectofthe huprovoq,ondlthoUoimmdiuoroarinj;loraumllvtf«Holnbotbfor applawe. Thisgentlemanwasfour'.ycai-tj ««JJgposedwithequalalacritybyHerman's riends, and,for aiiis, thePope,conformablytotherubric,onlydresses Hit,h%TremontHouse. TheNew-YorkDelegation Southhow tosaytotheNorth: LetuahavelOlour tin*Umt^.lSUtt^bHiidKuroi)o. K3.CHAN»;KOHLo.mlou,GOtlayt.' thiscountrysolicitinghelpforIreland.,tothewo*PJ,"a time-, there seemed every Motabili ;y that another in white;"His etole, his caniail, and even his shoes, arc hjjveljaccepted.the hall tendered them by tlm YoUi|g rights in .this matter; let us take off. these restrictions iiipU, jUA-812 fit- cent prom.; ou NMvOTork, tiO day*, pur to i f endowing some educutioiud uistitutionst, «»d *^lj£[»n'kIiepnbllcailAssociationtortheirhondquartem.. againsttheAfricanalavc-tvado, andleave it to.each [number of the No\y-York /Dslcgttti.bn hav.c also Hb- State to settle lor itself. Then we would want no•ed rooms at the Richmond House.' Gov. Corwifi, •vJDcunison of Ohio, the Hon. C. M.Clay, theof thelield out tho idea of a wider Held, aud richer har>e» 1aa much squatter sovereignty UByou wish. Give UH ip»J.tt\ P . Blair of Missouri, tl o Hon. Samuel Hoopm- an" equal chance, and I tell you the institution of Mass., the Hon. H. S. Lane 'the Mori; C. B. Smith Slavery will take care.of itself. W e will give you allnlt;: r;; ;v ; : :- 1 - ••••.-^ '-'. '••.•••:-• ii;--' '•:•••'>H^•T^plSPvSnSW^America, and tho labor of Irish hearts and l>u,I{U8J, ^•L tfEx^'icBident Fillmore wa« presented to *j»J*m yesterday. £lo was invited to a scat ou the pWiorm.i, (Cljl<:j^o 1'rcMo iui'1 TribuueJthe 30th.•'risenFor the Ctaciiuiati Rult—(iiicinnati, Maine, New-York, Troy. viw.ii has but one nrm; ho was, in earlier life, a "r5Lv^ j oiHcer, and we learn; had bin arm CUW«HI ixxf*fr2,'•< «villahioussaltpeti-e " and lead. His addivw»^ ^ j;.•the accotnmocbitJeers, had taken fbw "J1 Pel ofekepr Faria-assh,.Kvvljo ••. •* .Untitled Document'.'-]'. '•'.,:-:/.<•- W*!•-l.v-,•''Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069"'www.fultonhistory.com6 «::•;••.ij.roof, Ail.1s 