 NEW YORK HERALD, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 14, n*^TM***, • •sTjOO.pr««t-witheome informationrespectingatnttf*•»*** ***** *<"*«•»*****!. NEWYORKHERALD.cleaning,whichiscontainedinDarreport.The Wopublishedyesterday*J*^JJj^JJJ, S TM ;A Tg aaetstfawKlemeata of Oar Wav torHarmonyor Strife.is a point beyond which they cannot go, and U,^J?*Qi<p,i4i0tt****••rtiy.proceedings, however, were only informal, a qu»-J A M E S G O R D O * • • * • • * * > rum of the committee sot betag present city, hold tor the porposo of adopting ***»TM been defeated by a majority of U& This *nd tion In the production and supply ?f metals— ticiane and Wall street ftninrnsvi quite loos*D O 0 > AND PBOPK»TO&LACK*. . FAlft-OMtHAta FAMttT" S S S ^ S ^ E S T b ^ ^3,164 saw i — • • -312,084 la. addition to those immense elements of metalliferous wealth, the recent discoveries of silver in California, Arizona and Northern Mexico promise soon to restore -the equilibri- been held in a few places, but the movement .what the course of these two great leading um in the supply of the precious metals, andr u * roe* YOVK SU»- wpftl waor rarfmagainst the capital of the North.It has begun with shoemaking, but it willeasmtrsrs BETirrg-aamaioajiw n u r a ,—in COM nuw res Hiu*.also passed. A bill providingfor theby tbe friends of progress, the uncertainties of extendi to every other trade: meetings have an obscure political future. They indicateRATIO*AI. QpVOKBT SALOON, DAJTCSS,TRIPLE SHEET. Hew Yewte, We«a\eed»y, M»reh 14, 1860.MATT-fi FOE EUROPE.of Treasury notes, and for regulating the duties on moral support. The black republican leadersimports, and for other purposes, and that it be re- and journalists are sorely troubled about the provements, their views will become identical dustry and the trade of every nation. It is notT h e * e w Y o r k H e r a l d — K d U I o n f o r in tbe Kanaa difficulty with the administration.It is reportedfromWashington that the NationalOne of the speakers at the meeting, evidently was followed, are the most important that have late production In every silver producingand coolness that the battle of Buena Vista was won, and if he receives the nomination at Charleston he will probably win a greater bat- tle, and one decisive of more important Inte- rests than that which broke the power and the chivalry of Mexico, and made Its conquest easy to tbe United States. Then, it was a ques- tion whether certain territory would be aides to enlarge the borders of the republic Now,A e Canard mail steamship Africa, Capt. Shannon, wiU leave this portto-dayAir Liverpool.story about shoemakers being able to earn of a century.The anils for Europe will dot* in this city at ten o'clock this saoratog.The defeat sustained by the opposition inanswer better to tell the "horse marines" their preliminary trials of strength have another maden mines of Spain. The discovery of thegone somefinetnations.Consols on the 1st closed heavy, and sales moderate. Pork closed with more ac at94|a94{formoney. tlrity,andat$18aSIS18 for tewmess,andat$1450la Congress yesterday the Senate made tbe tomirtaintheBtrikaTaofNewrEnglnnd in theircoast The Committee on the District of Columbia were directed to consider the expediency of im- proving tbe jail of said District The bill amending the act establishing the Court of Claims was taken up and discussed, and after the adoption of soma amendments was passed. The Went Point Academygoose is sauce for the gander. The republicans hare endeaTored to stir up to insurrection against capital the black labor at the other side of Mason and Dixon's line, and the whitespring, the present scheme, are both based on principles the soundness of which has been es- tablished by the success of Sir Roberts Peel's great reforms, and which can no, longer bo re-square miles of coal fields poaseased by ihe several countries may be talon as the numeri- cal representation of national power at no very distant era ;—was sup- pression of unlawful collection and de- livery of letters was reported by the Poet Office Committee and referred to the Committee SALOON, sdaSway.-Oso Omusrr's Mur- of the Whole. The Chairman of the Ways andn*sed*»y.-*ni*The bill establishing mail routes in Kansasinfact,to anextent scarcelytobehopedforferred to tbe Committee of tbe Whole. Objectionas to the necessity- of giving the utmost expan-alone from the newly discovered silver mineslabor on this side has taken the hint and sisted on any but special grounds, having refe-Square miles. Indiana, and finally made Oregon his home,.196,000 which sent him a s s Senator to Congress he•• 7,530 thus became favorably known to the people of 6,400carried the war into the camp of Northern aapi-Senateadjournedwithoutactinguponit Inthe taL TheintentionofWilliamH.Sewardand Theresultsofthevictorywhichthesevotesassure GreatBritainOl Broadwar.-VAjriTT Appropriation bill was then taken np; bat the House the bfil inviting proposals for carrying tbehis political friends was to enlist the free laborRest of EuropeTotal in America and Europethe West, where bo outotrips in popularity all competitors. He is just the right sort of man for New York, Mew Jersey, Indiana) ant the other Middle States, where the brunt of the battle must be fought The South, as we have said, would go for him heartily because he was born within its limits, and there la nothing against him. All, North and 8outh, would en-extend far beyond the commercial benefits that Pacific mail on a single line was passed. This bill of the North against the capital of the South; will be derived by both countriesfromthe opera- does not interfere with any existing mail oontracts. bat, instead of that, it is rifling in rebellion tion of the changes effected, by i t They define,will/pread to every Northern State and city, either in the shape of strikes or of raising ma-nations will henceforth be on questions affect-to enable us to pour Into the channels of com-merce a tide of silver equal to, and perhaps far dorse a popular man like him, who nevering the interests and happiness of the European National Tbeatre.- thorising a loan of $21,000,000 for the redemption terial aid for the striken, and giving them populations; for no one can doubt that, once.IUJKSS, I c - l u . Da*1 H«W » « A * CALLS. Means Committee asked leave to report a bill au'brought the party into trouble, as Douglas has from our shores, is rapidly stimulating the in- done for the last two or three years, tanaIn Com-was occupied in a lively discussion among the re- a revolution which they cannot arrest The Taken in all their bearings, we are therefore nabar, and even of quicksilver in a pure state, publicans respecting tbe coquetting of their leaders snowball gathers volume as it rolls, and so will justified in saying that the debate on Mr. which have recently occurred there, contributewith Douglas while that gentleman was engaged the labor movement against capital. Disraeli's motion, and the votes by which it largely to this end; for while they will stimu-Democratic Convention have serious thoughts ofchanging the place of meeting of the National Con-* twenty-four dollars per week—a statement vention, as the Charleston public house keeepershave put up their prices to an enormously highoccurred in the British Parliament for upwardssoonfind,like Frankenstein, who raised a mon-sion possible to the political action of com-of California that we confidently anticipatea friend of the manufacturing interest, told acountry, they make all of these tributary to us. Quicksilver is the necessary amalgam to sepa- rate silver from the ore, and for a long period the monopoly of its supply was held by the Al-which excited no small indignation, and would»i half past nine o'clock in tbe morning, angle copies, in In the Supreme Court, general term, yesterday, than any intelligent assembly of free- significance. They show that the secret influ- New Almaden mines in California, some the existence of tbe republic itself is at stake,Tbe EcmonuK Tfimoir or THE HIE * LD will be published figure.Judge Sutherland confirmed the report of the com- men. The same gentleman repudiates the ences which have so frequently thwarted the years since, reduced the price of that articleSubaoripUBM and advertisements for any edition of tbe missioners favorable to the extension of Chambers idea that any Northern white men are progress of liberal principles, both In the heme from $130 to $45 a quintal. This soon beganMaw Y o n HMOID will be received at the following placea atreet from Chatham street to the East river, hold- and foreign policy of the English govern- to produce its natural effect upon the produc-and the safety of the whole Union is the great prize which is to be contended for In the ensu- ing November election. The man who wins it ought to */eel prouder than to be the victor chief of Austerlitz or Waterloo.In Europe —LOXMHT... 9amr*» L»w, Son * Co., 47 Ladrato Hill.Ucaing, 8tarr k Co., 74 King William street PAIS Lanaing, Baldwin * Q>., 8 p'ace de la Bourse. Livtsra*.. Lansing, **rr * Co., No. 9Chapel atreet.ing that the proceedings of the Common Council slaves. It is true that they are not slaves ment, are becoming powerless for eviL It iswere sufficient to authorize the opening of the in the technical sense But what hstn street a name? Their "bosses" have not a right totion of silver in Mexico and South America,E i mbake, part la transit Tbe market was quite steady,.and closed on the basis of 11,%'c. for middling uplands. Fioarmen have no right to sustenance and supportR Stoart, 10 Exchange atreet, EastLanelug, Bald win * Co , ffl rue Corncille. .De Caapeauronge 4 Co.Third's time plunged Great Britain into pro-sition candidates, whose platform fa substan- tially the same as that of the democracy. The principal candidates are Bates, Bell and Hous- ton, of whom the last appears to be tat most popular. As to which of thea will obtain the nomination at Baltimoreit is hard to say, for tbe Union party is not yet formed. There is only a nucleus, and there ii nOtime10g^tberapartyarounditnorany principle ofattraction6rcohesion sufficientlyTHe Hews.By the arrival of tbe North American at Portlandwith a fair amount of sales, while common and ordinarywhite labor at the North and negro labor at These tendencies do not display themselves in mines are still stopped; but it is to be hoped the South is this: that the one is free to the same moods of rashness and obstinacy that the new discoveries of quicksilver may re- eke out a miserable existence in the best way which marked the conduct of that monarch, but lieve the stiver minors from the evil broughtbrands were heavy, and the demand moderat). Wa at yesterday, we have European advices tothe1st wasfirmandlagood demand,with sales a*, full prices.servant of the Bouse of Commons, and mustBreadstuff*andprovision*weresteady. Inanotherplace.Thecoffeemarketwasexcited,and wellclothed,wellcaredforinsicknessand control,andhisinterferenceistobetracedin befirstintheproductionofcopper.Theseele-thetwogreatpartiesthedemocratsandre-At Liverpool the cotton market was doll, witha 814 M for new prime. Beef was firm and in good de-And this is called free labor; while the other,small cargo of salt shipped from here and a barquenow loading at Salt Cay are the only transactionswhich have taken puce since onr last report We in Italy are permitted to be settled in accord- THE CHARLESTON COWEVTION'—WHERB IT these first two divisions on the budget musthave on hand about 200,003 bushels. nal at 7 to 7jc."Price nomi-ance with the popular desires.These are strange moves on the politicalchess board of Europe, and show that the oldOtoHT TOBEHELO.—The National Democratic Convention, to be held at Charleston, to nomi nate a candidate for the Presidency, will come off in April next; and we see it stated that abe a source of great relief. In face of the com- plications with which he is threatened by the reported alliance between Austria and Russia, tbe ratification of the commercial treaty withBy way of Charleston we have Havana advices to tbe 10th inst, but they contain no news of imhas occurred during the present year, took place yesterday, and resulted in the success of the repub- licans by an increased majority as compared withthe election of last year.The steamship Chesapeake, Captain Crowell,which arrived here from Portland on Monday, brought tbe Canadian mails for Europe, to go forward by tbe Africa, for Liverpool, to-day.cused of having broken up the recently pro- posed Congress, by refusing to permit the eventual discussion of the treaty of 1856. From this we gather that Russia wishes to break up the treaty of Paris, while the aim of Louis Na- poleon is to sweep away those of 1815. In this dispute England is no longer under the tory rule of George the Third, and through that thethe number, at least, of 20,000.This is ridiculous. Charleston could notNapoleon has not run the risk of disturbingthepresentflourishingstateof things, and ofWhen we consider the position of things atAlbany, the prospect is not ravishingly beauti-ful. One branch of the Legislature has beenbought up to plunder the taxpayers of the me-tropolis of some of their most valuable fran- at the cit, of Mexico, and also to CaptainTbe proceedings of the Legislature yesterdaywere interetting. la thaSenate bills were noticed leader and paymaster of every combination ofevery way to hold a national convention atCharleston. Cincinnati was bad enough. Thecharges there were as high as ten dollars perday, and many of the poor loafers who went tothe Convention held there in 1856 found itvantages that are to be gained from the perma- nent consolidation of the English alliance.PRACTICAL ILLUSTRATION OF THE IRREPRESSI- BLE CONFLICT—A MILITIA COMPANY DISBANDEDchises; and, so far as that body is concerned, the foul bargain has been consummated. In the other House the drilled cohorts are only awaiting the signal of their masters to vote away the eame franchises to half a dozen railway speculators and lame ducks in Wall street It is all of a piece with the corrupt legislation which would impede the progress of work upon the Central Park, and create a gigantic job by cutting streets through Washington Heights. Weed and Jacob Sharp's Broadway Railroad, and George Law's Gridiron act, extendingAldhan iJ.B.M.'ssteamerValorous,topro-to prevent the fraudulent sale or concealment of property. Several bills were passed, among them the bill to collect damage* for the destruction of thethe dynasties against the popular aspirations ofthe age.Commerce has entered largely into the influences that sway her councils, and this has little sympathy with the musty theories ofjdifficult to get back again. Indeed, a largecla88ofmcnwno FORFrDELrrTTOTHEUNION.—Anextraordinarypose to •ral mongress fortest now <>. intending parties a truce of seve- . A the calling together of a Ces-• ettlement by debate of the con- ned on by aisas. As the conitita- .iiient refused to permit the BarQuarantine buildings, to, amend the Insurance act,to amend the charter of the State Lunatic Asylum,and to encourage vaccination. The Schuyler county rule by divine right and the inheritance of bib was referred to the Judiciary Committee. The blood.bffl to repeal tad seventy-five cent militia commu Matters begin to wear a serious aspect, how-by way ! . ***tionsi go\lish mail to proceed to the capital throught*x was passed. The New York tnflevy ever, and every steamer will now bring as im-P***»d to a third reading. la the As- portant and interesting news from the*conti- Kthe reeohrtion for tbe appointment of a nent of Europe.ofthi BIL^J?!!wash their faces being mistaken for niggers the finest companies in the Wisconsin State mi- and detained as slaves. Then where is the litia, expressed an opinion in private conversa- food to come from, unless by a miracle, like tion, that in case of a conflict between thethe enemy's camp, the instructions to Mr. Mathew were detained at Vera Cras, aad as Juarez and M iramon were near the scene, Captain Aldham acted on tbe lastroetio** re- ceived by him, and after conferring with the constitutional authorities in Vera Cruz, pro-* *3 ** *• ">*<>* Tan ELECTION* IS NIW HAMPSHIRE.—The first the two smallfishesso as to feast a great multi taxpayers' property saved for this year; huthe would order out his company in obedience we are not so sure ef that. In any event, the his camp. From the iedioetioas presented InStateelectionof1860tookplaceyesterdayintude!Theymightgetsomeporkandcorntotheformer,considering,ashedid,theclaimsfactremainsthesame.TheLegislatureofthe.henews,itisprobablethatthrough*f^** »»*blrd reading. We refer Now Hampshire. It was generally supposed, dodgers, but they would have to send to New of country paramount to those of State. Upon State has been sold out and out to a gang of .ion negotiations h*T» been established beStates of the Church if the rest of the questionsTo ihe Emperor of the French the results ofissue of the dynasties against the people isportance. Tbe sugar market was easier, with no again ranging the Powers for diplomatic dis- vast crowd will attend there-the statesmen England is of the last importance, rfnere herquotable change in prices. pute, and perhaps for an armed conflict In and the politicians, the office seekers and the material interests tend, the political inclinationsThe New Hampshire State election, tbefirstthat the developements now made England is ac-pipelayers, from all sections of the country, to of the latter Power are sure to follow. Louisportunityofdoingso—deniedther'ghttolive.With regard to tbe reported alliance between stocks limited to some 4,024 bags Rli, 21,44$ mate, and ments will make us first in Industry, first in Russia sad Austria the accounts are contradictory. 125 government bags, and atotalof all kinds of packages health, and provided for in old age by the many of the manoeuvres by which theThe London Chronicle states on authority that a of 32,921. The stock of Rio in New Orleans was 39,500, authority of law. The black republican foreign policy of Lord Palmerston has commerce, andfirstin all the arts of peace andtreaty between tbe two Powers was on the eve of in Baltimore, 3,600. The total of Rio in the three leaders have great sympathy for the imaginary from time to time been checked and war, if an insane fanaticism and a wickedpublicans. Instead of losing their labor is forming a new party at tbe eleventh boar, these men would be better engaged in aiding against the common enemy the party whose principles and objects are Identical with their own. They cannot win, and every vote they poll is one taken away from tbe cJumeee of the democrats, who are equally conservative with themselves.Last of all comes the Chicago Convention, where, judging by the light of the most recent intelligence from all quarters, and the various signs of the times, William H. Seward will obtain the nomination. Bates has no chance of i t His little sham republican Convention, got np for him by Blair, was really confined to one county, and the bogus members werepicked up at village barrooms, and wherever else they could be found at from sixpence to six shillings a bead. Seward, therefore, will probably be the champion of the republican party, with the higher law for ito platform, and with this issue: that tbe free labor of the North is incompatible in tbe same Union with the slave labor of the South; and that an inter- minable war has commenced between the two systems and the two parties, which must be waged till one or ether is put down, and all is slave labor or all is free. This issue tbe democracy have accepted, and with such a man as Lane to lead them the chances of victory are in their favor.THE NEWS FROM MEXICO.—It will be seen by the news from Vera Cruz, which we publish in another column, that while Congress, with its party fends and personal jealousies, is refoamg to co-operate with Mr. Buchanan in endeavor- ing to establish our influence in Mexico for the benefit of our commerce and industry, England is stepping into thefield,and bids fair to nuke her counsels paramount in the affairs of the neighboring republic.Miramon had arrived with his forces in the plains around Vera Cruz on the 1stinstant, when, coincident with this crisis, cams the British mail steamer, bringing instructions from Lord J )n Russell to the English Ministerbeing signed, while a despatch from Vienna says cities, by but advises, amounted to 47,024. Taking the sufferings and wrongs of these happy blacks, defeated. The Court hates Palmerstondemagoguism are defeated in their pre-tbe report relative to tbe alliance was devoid of present prices of tropical products and comparing them but no bowels of compassion for the woes of for his broad, statesmanlike method of sent attempts to fasten upon the powersfoundation. with those current ten or fifteen years since, tbe contrast miserable white men, who, made in the dealing with foreign questions. The principle of the government, and, by destroying theAccountsfromBerlin state that tbe new propo- will be very dear. Brazil coffee at 14'«8. sad Java at 1ftXc, sugar af*7c. par lb., and cotton »l 11^c. per lb sition far a European Congress bad failed, owing for middling uplands, go to show that the consumption ofguarantees of the constitution, break up the Union under which we now live and prosper. to tbe refusal of England to allow tbe treaty of these articles throughout the world, by tbe improved oon eyes for the want of that sustenance which government naturally revolts and alarms it Under its beneficent provisions man la free toimage of God, are doomed to look at their wives and children dying by inches before theirthat a successful revolution establishes the right of a people to fix upon their own form of18Mto be discussed. The report that the French ditton of the masses, has overtaken the labor devoted to the prices paid by Northern capital deny them. Its application may some day or other affect its develops bis enterprise, his capital, his geniusMinisterial Council bad resolved against Italian nniry B confirmed. It will be seen that the policy of France with respect to tbe Italian question is undergoing important modifications. The French Assembly was to meet on the 1st,fast, and the speech of the Emperor was looked for with great anxiety.The Spanish fleets had bombarded several Moorish towns, causing immense damage to the enemy.their culture. Freights were arm, while ship room to Liverpool and London was limned. Engagements, how- ever, were fair.These agitators, who are the false friends of the own family interests, and it is not therefore toand bis labor, with such social organizations as may be best suited to the community in which heresides,the climate underwhichheaccommodate 5,000 persons, unless it sent them creating discontent amongst the industrial in-to the cabins of the negroes. It is absurd ijn terests in France, without counting all the ad-to deI Pena8° to such conventions have chiefly on charitable contributionsNowaffair has just occurred in Milwaukee, Wiscon- sin, particulars of which we publish in another column, which shows the progress of the irre- pressible conflict in that region of the North-*it is more difficult to get there, and it is harderto get back from it than Cincinnati. Besides, west It appears that a Captain Barry, of the there is considerable danger of those who never Union Guard, which is represented as one of» Charleston is further away,~We seebythesummaryofthe America's a**?thatamotionby¥r,PucanointheHouseWith stridesofunexampledrapiditythenetting of tin joui^ymen sloemakers of this of Commons, la opposition id &* budget, nas United States are advancing to the first posi- This city has been plundered by oountry poU-a position which will make them masters Of the Lot tbem turn to Homestead bill tbe special order for tomorrow, effort to obtain as advance of wagon oft^tbo all doubts as to its passage. The addition that industrial and commercial world.by a vote of 31 to 23. Copies of despatches from present starvation prices paidfor their free has taken place to the strength of ministers, as In the production of gold wo already THE CANDIDATES ros THEour Minister in China and the instructions to Com- labor. * .missione/Peter Parker were laid before tbe Senate. This meeting is only one of many ofthe fameMr. Toombs introduced a bill to establish a uniformBankrupt law throughout the United States. Bills character which are yet to beheld. ThemoTO- of the explanations made by the Chancellor ofthe result of Mr. Disraeli s tost motion removeexhibited by the lasrdivision, is the besttribute stand first among the nations, and Europe CCLATION ON THE WlKOr-Wethat can be offered to the convincing characterturns her wistful eyes westward across the reasoned letter from Wa Atlantic whenever the increasing demand for am the chances of the silver In the East disturbs the equilibrium ef candidates for thement la spreading oh every ride. The giantstraggle of labor against capital in only in thecommencement of its career. The repubBcan not be exaggerated. Tbe question Involved in creasing with great rapidity, the bods of thatparty hare awakened the wrong cnntoiner. them, let it bo remembered, was not one merely ore lying scattered in every State, and with itThey hare tot on loot a war against capital in of cheap coal, che ap wines, and cheap cotton we possess nineteen-twentieths of the coalthe South, which has extended to capital in manufactures. It was not simply a triumph in fields known in Europe and America. As coal strength in his own 8tate, being overshadowedfor tbe relief of Townsend Harris, our Minister to Japan, and John H. Wheeler, late Minister to Cen- tral America, were reported and referred. The Committee on Foreign Affairs were instructed to faquirs and report whether the treaty with Great Britain for the suppression of the African slavetrade boa been executed, and whether far-ther legislation is necessary to more effec-tually mppress the slavey traffic on the African other trades think that what is sauce for the the ministry achieved. That policy and its off-the Exchequer in his masterly reply.The importance of the votes themselves can-her money centres. In that of iron we are in-They saw all pretty wellBreckinridge, of whose itlagency ourby far too favorable, for Breckinridge hai nothe North, and the shoemakers and mom of is the real-parent of both Iron and working the vindication of its commercial policy that power, the following table Of tbe number olby Guthrie; nor,if nominated, would his chances of election be so good, either North or South, as some other men. The best man for the no- mination, and the best to run,Ts General Lane, who, having been born in the South, would be acceptable to its people, and having settled inUnited States..«*••,..• • .••••• rence to the opportuneness of their application. British America.entering together the path of commercial im-is not a very brilliant man, but that is net the kind of man that is needed by the country. He is a man of sound principles and good sense,free labor strikes of white men; but they willwas made, and the subject was laid aside.mittee of the Whole tbe remainder of tbe session ster he could not quell, that they have started munities oppressed by despotic restrictions. these results. The developements of cin- firm and reliable. It was chkfiy by his braverywell known that in high places the antiquatedThe sales of cotton yesterday embraced about 2.000 their services for life; but Northern working prejudices and doctrines which in George the government to the New Almaden mines, Next in order of time come the Union oppo-stopped their working, and sent the price ofquicksilver up to twice the value to which it wasfirmertorthehighergrades, and in gooddemtnd, less for a lifetime. The difference between down with debt,still find awarmadvocacy. hadfallen. Thissuitisstill pending,and thefrom their employers for even an hour, much,tracted and sanguinary contests, andloaded herThe market for breadstafBi ruled too high to justify stip-by the America. The news is interesting. ments of moment to Europe, Within a day or two 11,000 it can—to vegetate and rot—to be willing to they have not the less exercised a marked in- on them by the closing of the Now Almadeninstant, four days later than the accounts receivedOwing to tbe purturbed state of political affairs, bushels wheat, .part prime Canadian, casting $1 80, work even to the destruction of health, for a fluence. The Queen is, of course, extremely mines.tbeLondonandParismoneymarketshadunder- havebeenshippedtotbeCanaryIslands. Cornwas reasonableremuneration,butdeniedtheop- guardedinherconduct,forsheisvirtuallytheThus, we arefirstin gold,firstin silver,firstin iron,firstincoal,amongthenationsoftheearth.be content to accept her ministers and herstrong to rally a new party, even if there were * mand. Sugars were firm, with sales of about 1,000 which is called slave labor, is never opinions at its bands. Prince Albert has not To these we may addfirstin cotton,firstin lead, time, in the presence of the groat issue which limited sales at a decline on the inferior qualities. hhds. and 800 boxes,and 150 hhds. molado, at rates given tasked beyond its strength, is well fed, thought it necessary to maintain tbe same self and, as the Lake Superior region opens, we shall absorbs the public interest and centres it ining some damage to shipping.The loss of the American ship Luna, near Cher-bourg, is confirmed. Of one hundred and seven persons on board ef her, but two reached the shore alive, and one of them subsequently died.The North American brings news fromIndia, China, Japan and the Cape of Good Hope. Every- thing of interest from these ports is given in oar telegraphic summary of the news, published in another part of to-day's paper.alliance between Russia and Austria has been till the cause of the evil is removed, and the by far the ablest man in the opposition, and consummated. Whether this be true or not, lost equilibrium between the North and the would have no objection to play the part of the there are powerful influences at work which South is restored. But if the anti-slavery agi- second Pitt, if the opportunity offered. His have produced some remarkable results. The tation is continued, and is not speedily put recent disgraceful defeat by Mr. Gladstone has, Russian ambassador at Turin has informed down by the voice n>f the people oppressed, however, not only demolished any hopes of thist h e C o n t i n e n t .The news from Europe, received last nightby tbe North American at Portland, shows that the political relations of the several Powers have again assumed a critical position.Northern labor market, the supply becomes greater than the demand, and the sufferings of the people become almost intolerable.But this is only the beginning of sorrows.sweat of his brow. These guarantees cannot exist in the crowded and class-ridden commu-We have newa from Northern Mexico to the 10th selves so strenuously to preserve peace ; and the free States be still more enhanced, if four tion of English affairs, and no back stairsmillions of emancipated slaves were sent among nounced for Santa Anna. Everything was qaiet at dressed a circular note to Austria, inculpating them from the South, to augment the surplusinstant. Generals Woll and Marquez hid pro- the French Minister of Foreign Affairs has ad-Brownsville. the Pop? for having permitted the aggravation labor, accumulate pauperism, and overwhelm ly relations with those countries whose institu-We have files from Turks Islands dated on the of tbe Italian question by bis neglect in the property and industry with taxation for its sup- 25th ult The Standard of that day says :--"Oae Romagna, and offering not to meddle with the port.tions and commercial interests have a natural affinity with those of great Britain.black laborers of the South, are the real ene-be expected that it can look with favor on themies of the white operatives of the North. ByTbe News from Europe-Trie Crisis osi driving away Southern custom from the to draw closer tbe alliance with Louis Napo- lives, and tbe soil he makes fertile by theA severe gale had swept the English coast, caus- It is both affirmed and denied that a treaty of Every day matters will grow worse and worse, commercial arrangements with France. He isthrough the ballot box, the present embarrass- ments of capital and the hardships of labor willCount Cavour that it would be the assumptionof a great responsibility by Sardinia for her toannex the Italian duchies at a moment when be increased a thousand fold. And how would principles and of a generous foreign policy the other Powers of Europe are exerting them the misfortunes of the laboring population of is henceforth secured in the administra-disposition manifested by the present Premierleon, himself the creature and mainspring ofthis very principle. To Court influences, there-fore, may be ascribed, in great part, the forlorn nities of Europe; and as long as we maintainattack headed by Disraeli against the newthem, America will be the ark of refuge for the struggling talent, willing industry and the as- piring energies of youth from every quarter. But should we unfortunately endeavor to make our widely scattered communities and our di- verse races subject to abstract and impractica- ble theories of social organization and govern- ment, from that moment our unity will have fled, and the very elements now making us first among the nations will constitute so many objects of contention and strife, and make us only first in all the horrors of civil war and fraternal bloodshed.MOVEMENTS OF THE ALBANY FREEBOOTERS.— The extraordinary coup d'itat made by the George Law gang of political pirates at Albany seems to have momentarily paralyzed the other faction; but the leaders thereof are as cunning as the insect that pretends to be dead when it is only stunned. It is said now that things have got into such a condition that none of the city railway bills can pass. The Weed crew has the Assembly stowed comfortably away under hatches, like so many Congo negroes in a republican slave ship, while George Law holds tbe Senate with as good a title as ho ever possessed in those celebrated muskets.sort, but it has crushed completely the Court party. The predominance of progressiveinfluences will again have an opportunity of opposing obstacles to the cultivation of friend-over forty-eight streets, may be killed, and the0proptrbUufor thatwhichmultipliedthefivebarleyloavesandUnitedStatesauthoritiesandthoseoftheState ceededtoholdanInterviewwithMiramonmmade with R. A. City Inspector and the Cemp-at the ti>« effect < nedly respectereadSa- t^mbegtoningtou'•made an effort, l<*" Of Southernpriety in the Democratic Central Committee once disbanded and disarmed M Union Guard We trust that some of the heavy pro danger of yellow fewer. Bat tbe propo*W«on changing the place, seeing that the change to perty holders, merchants, bankers and me- of Lord John Russell will probably bo snore the Empire City would conduce so much to the a portion of the regular tUTJWa of the. State, chanioa *t tbe city, will move in this matter, successful than the mete production of delay.from the apathy displayed by the democrats, that the State would go for tbe republicans, and it appears that no effort was made by theYork for their beef. 'being catechized by the Adjutant General, Captain Barry admitted that he conceived such orders coming from the Governor would be il-ween Juarez and Miramea, which may tan* to some arrangement between them.New York, which everybody wants to see, is the place at which the Convention ought tounscrupulous speculators, who contemplated a raid upon the city property which would bring from five to ten millions of dollars oat of theEven should they produce no other result former to prevent such a result, much to the bo held—the most central and the most easy o! legal, and should not be obeyed, inasmuch as "taxpayers'pockota. The franchises which the than a detoyln tboattaok on^ero<>ue,lhnif t the democracy all over the access; and no matter what numbers may come it would mean simply a command to commit Legislature proposes to* give away are tbe pro - would be of great advantage to the oVfeaiwa-*nder these circumstances the elec- there will be plenty of accommodation for oil tbe crime of treason, to which he and his men vperty of the city, and should be sold to liqui- might naturally have been OX- without extra charge. It Is not yet too late to would bo subject to, and would deserve theof the republicans, make the change. The republicans changed penalty of death. Upon this admission of date the interest upon the city debt, and re- n.%i i mis success the republi- the time of holding their convention by a whole fidelity to the United States authorities, the duce the taxes, already swelled to an enor-can - I r t i ? ^ * I-^axelsBineot, and will month. There seems to bo BO sort of impro- black republican Governor of Wisconsin at mous amount, and still going up.of that city, for the last of March is the latest period at whiob the unacclimated people of dm Ugh tabic loads in the Interior daroiea^inoa the sea coast After that they are isVimmmeotUntitled Documentconvenience of all, and combine pleasureIn such a wayas it would hoThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com1 Ulustration of the eon- j tand convene an indignation meeting to express They bear an aapoot wMch each p*rty f Jnionandthe federal to popular feeling wbkhprevailslathecom may embrace, for the purpose of ajb*'Bore is a practical illustrationgreater than, that of gold, which, spreadingwhen an unwise claim, set up on the part of our\ Al-blybea '[fry like Charleston.flict goingonagriwerament in the Northwesternkjj^tbf I munl^r. It is one ef unat-imou. disgust andtog the comntry a few months ^repom.*- 