 Um coutaciiOH jlbo tbb cox- MigsioiiBH <Nr miexAnoN.cms on the white and red ball*.very well, and, eoDseqaemly labored under seme dis- advantage.men immedlatelV went off tosucceeded in-bringing them safe onwve. TheseSigUtl-M~iaate f.fill III. llgllN«w^or CHAltlTISSMr.LynchwasnotlKTEiiFEBUi(i!—JohnHcQcadbwasarrestedatHudson City Thursday by Consteble Jakis H. Doh-theirrasoai^WioUv Vcentpremlom.The toUowlliK > the comntonication addressed lawLs and yards,eharacieriftics ol each may be conveniently studied.76®$5steady. Connnfamand figures were as follows Kavanaghied—SO, S3,42, ttUn to the remotw from the Inatltatlon* aniler the euuMMHtit, rirrtsa, alba, mmzUzii and morindtt. Of 10,3,4,31,47. Total, SOO.on officer CAaacLi ofand rescu-steamer ."Vu^cto)!! HI. called at that ^tion on the;f1 SOforWhite. Con 40«9lty tlK Board to the Commlsslonen of Emigration re-These last comprise, of the Abies or Spruce family, T., 4,. 4JerseyCitv,thetwolatterweresaved>andthefour immediately t^ken on board and taken to Gasp«, fromcharge of the Board of lunatic^ynient of 4he dalnu of the Board for the support of •Bigrants who hare been or now are iu (he in^titu- Moiu.thesabstauoe of which has already appeared inJunipers;tiinensit,me TinaBarAcmsT op Pvnm Chamtus a>d, I "-'f; Cunninghainia sincn^i^in ruffianly Interference with the:amongthepoliticiansIiOTE, atCoaBicTios,Nnw-VoiMt,O.-,.'J, l*:^";. <-varugaiathe well-known bookparadingthecity,is circumstances: BaxibCwnaaia•a ana Cortestjon consider it as ^«y,aaofflclal guardians of the public "-J'"';""?";;:ta andar^tiittaSwirxhas are- offeredandconvictionoftheOn Fri- and sur-*eiptsthe sameandwas itseems, tannsofimpnmer Jie.-a^kc. SightExchangeonNew-Tork,!<to the^GommissloDers of EmgruUonsuspicions and jealousiesTuesday last Bakib, who slept up stain, beard sometoai„i,, T.V cent jr»- Tv c«5.>e-anafairness, uoih-fci their SattesajKl "bllsations, bas«l on agenerou-."**Literary Rooms, Nog. SM and 596 Broadway," ^httJce^^Hoprieiy<-°""^"'"' iS^,'an chess contest Inierestuigtowns had»ro>1>lon for the protecOon »»?, <='"^' Jiiifortunate and Vlepemlenl leUow-beingstlwhr homes and rcM. ithiougi the bounty of their re-some of thewho JuLim,man with her in a position which admitted of no cx- planatton, at once commenced an attack. Tbaperaon attacked, who proved to be Dr. BAcanASt deisaded himself with a but Bana stabbed Um in severalm the character •TthesefctKiniiir'Waim." for support and care,againstoould be fotmd.McCl'tcukoit, WoLLuciv, and Chauikk. Two of the5£l« .S^^Ttles. ""•fi"? onlyIlls were Mes-rs. opiM>neutslargest, and by far the^jfst collectionand insensible.the procession was knocked down by some one of thespectators, who Instantly dodged back and was out of places, one of the stabsaeveriiw one of bis kidneys.who are now mprorted by us, and known and ae- kBowledged by your Board as legitimate objects of joor support.The claims we nakc are xspim the same basis as Ibaee made by other couuties m the State, which ynu aek>owledge and pay. Nothing Is demanded by us Iu lUs county, which yuu have not acknowledged tifi paid to alsMSt, U not to every county In the State. f lKny,then, wecakita ttds ceun^, where you reside, IHwreyouandyonrfellowK^Uzensaretaxed,subjectcontinental players. It is not impossible that iUr. PAin.8sx should return with a reputation eatitiing him to play an even game with Mr. MoaruT.Bask Ball ih ihe Park.—Unfortunate pedes-library bas been searched, and no man can estimatehow valuable are the which contributionsIn year issueGocia said tliat the jury " were told expressly and: To X. S.CoBBrns, Attditar :nmoval of the innatics iu>w liUMir Asylum, known and acknovOedgwl by you as navInK the right u> claim a home in your in.'^titutiens. At this time our .\sylum 1bcrowdedbeyondtheboundsofhumanity,whileyou are provided with buUcUugs equally well adapted to!'.t))e nigilW. Lewis* Vienna.Co.; (Br..) Colson. St»SSbmIemigrants,OB theirThe Kavoleon was out in the same terrific gale aboutikurty— Jealocbt, MtntnES a»d StnciDE. Onof last week. Dr. Baooian. of RockBAisnoBi,Viors Ohio .4iThe Commissioners of Public l^pir''"^'fy]^lCo.,fatally, under the followinghad been working the farm belonging to widow Sfaso-BQ«r«hclr care and government, to make anLet-The particulars are as Ponglikeepeieus, intimacypremium. SterHngExc&nge,107JOIOTSj.and to theFriday, Oct X. dull ; Howard-street and t& (Uon behall oalpsjjua^1offcitders.day night, the Wldc-Awakes offollows:' t"h'a^t''fSirfmNew-York at FUIadelpUa Stack Baai^.)andSate of Bangs, Meewin APoughkeepsle, by consequenceofwhichwardof$200fortheOctiK. ;for relief cannot be considered asSurers or criminals, because they have commuted games were opened w 1th the Sicilian gambit, and two_''"'"*«f«A,Frldav. Oct^ heavy. Pennsylvania State ViviTwiYoS^lafmajTtsSd ulid for ihe protecdoi. they require, while the with the«toiccts of our charge are brought to this depart-and it will doubtless attract... ,_ ', Stocksivu to promptly consider oar claim for—J. The Imiuediata removal tmm oar institutions ofall persons now within our juriadietlon who are en- tiiled to be cared for by you. aad have, in fact, paidmatch between the Chess Cnampion, Mr. .Uokfit, and Mr. Paelsx:!, In consequence of Mr. MoaPHT's refusal to play without giving odds. Mr. Pacuax oeciincd to receive odds, but expressed bis willingness to receive as many games in the match as would make the con-rlans, who felt Its Immense Importance as an indis- pensable adjunct of correct annals of men, events and nations. But, within a few dumbersfered addittonal rewards, from $90 downwards, in ail aiqonnting to aboct 8900. The coBsequence was that a person was arrested and locked in jail, bat as yet no direct proof has been broiiglit forward to convict him.The Cmae af Patrick Henaeaey.with the facts.—fyce;wrt(IU.)Jounul,Oct.M.Oeeaa Maila.The European awils by tlie -Wciti- York will close te-darA. H.or crime as the onlysuccess. The MayorSight Exchance on Now-York at par«l40 iTm^luent with misiortuue, poveity,basis of inelr claims. This stateinent, we presume, KUa. The devotees of ehcss in this City were much rou Kill not deny, and apon It we baM oar appeal to chagrisi d at the failure of all ellorts to arrange aImportance in the United States.This vital work badoSeader,npeaeof the sheetstotdsbed, and htmglumself from which was hekl resutted in a venuet In acoordaaceMMclaims for the support of all who have been and and will no doubt try his skid with sogie ofthe bestcollections of specific or general lntci«st, and timsthousands of precious treasures have been rescuedBab Break nt tbb CHBVime Canal.—The fol- lowing announcement anpears in the -Albany EveningOct. I860. Sonday, 21,Benton,The canal between tlds vlllags and Borsehcads isseriously damaged in consequence of recent freshets.for that care and prottetion.2. The early recoenllion and payment by you of oar test even. Mr. Pavlsx:! leaves for Europe to-day,from neglect and ruin. Almost every old garret and lb tke Bator ofthe Nett-York TiwJKt :Son rises.... 6 M| SanscU.... (ai| BI«B WAnB—<BIS BAT.Bandy Heek.tg| Cot. Island. «g|H«nMARINE DITELLIGENCE. NEW-YORK....PEIDAT, Oct. 3«.Claax«4.Ships L. Sontbard, UllCoB, Liverpool. Saow ft Bar-boys employedWe confess our inabili^ to vicinity seem to enjoy their dinner hoar by throwing tlie ialmess of the distinction, or tlic justice of and scrambling for a bail in the open space In front of jwur witiiholding Ihe same acknowledgment of our the City Hall. The luekless wight who chances folaw," *c. The jury found the prisoner guiltyAmAT BRADY'S NATION.AL PORTRAITGosling; Sierra Nevada, Foster, San FraaeiBsiesoe.OiW: J, Coleman k Co.If this unjust difference ! eaStJlTX,This statement is mr.de'tt>y<iu with an earnestness-wlilch the case requires. We can find, no reason for the affectionate regard in which thev are held by.theAt Sergeant Brackett and Patrolman Fay, of theAT evBHIT'S eALLIBT, BO. 707 BBOAITWAT. Royalyoor denial of this too Just right to the citizens of thispeople 01 his ministry consisted in the rich and uswul.. ostonlastchor,withlossofmainandmlxseotopsallant-Msta. Steamship Patansco, Tale. Portland, withadsa.aaApassengers to H. B. Cromwell k Co.Steamship Boston, Crocker, Pbiladel^ila aaiwith todse.Hay, and passengers to F. Psrkins.citixens, and country— too^ by adoption,Water,lastwere of startled by the crythereafter saw a man nm- After a short chase they overtook and ar-that he was seen about the premises atfor the of Wednesday purposemakingwhich has iicca attained only through a residence in your iusti-articles of sliver $1,000.presented them,to the value of aboutnight, theyfordo'clock In the afternoonat about 2 o'clock in the morning of Monday, March 26.tuBma,'C»ming by direct tranr^fcr from ya« to us.CLARE,a laborer,theirfletung aside ail technicalities, and justly conslder-kttourclaims,youmastconsiJcrthisthefairmode livingatGreenpoini,whileatworkonanewbuild- or meeting. Thelpast 1^ In the hands of referencOt It ing t| Nineteenth-street, near Avenue A. was seri- is true, but the present should be met witht&ce with those claims which.you liave net found asccsy to deny as you have those of the City andMMi County of New-York.'whohis name as DanielNow, upon this statoment of the facts, the jury have were perfectly justifiable in finding theWith great respect, your obedient servants.ceived a bad cut the head. who is an upon Dwyer,declaration, tlie Gallery. that the jury in tliis case had violated their oatlis, washad liglit winds the entire paaiace has reefbd ;bnt tvlce since leaving Bombay.lopaaQpS. DRAPER. President,'1!ISAAC BEIX. Jr., Secretary, > Commissioners.JAMES B. MCHOLSOaf, M. B. GRIKNELL, JIrishman, 29 years of age, was locked up.A KOVEL CONFIDENCE OPKRATION.from the second-story window of the house in ques- Within a few a miml)er ofTo the Hon. G. C. Vuplakcs, 1>resident of «he Board of Commlssionera of EmlgTatlou.-COMMITTAI.* FOB INTOXICATION. miPBT OF TBX COHlflSSIOXXBa OF CBAKITIE8 AND 0OUIF.CTION to THX POUCE JUSTICES.tion about 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon and receivedinjuries wnich will probably result In his death. The Netv-Yobk £vakoelioal Allia.nce.days complaints been made at Police Headouarters against a swindler who Is desc^bed -as a man about five feet five inches InBlackand fancy Beaver Ovetcoats Black and fancy Pilot Overcoats Cassimere, Felt, Satinet and etherOvercoatsGood black cloth Frock Coats Fine black cloth Frock Coats8 00 ta 30 00 in. Had li^t winds nntll Octl, then tookequal jos-the fall of aderrick him. uponr„TMTMi..ri»«<.,^St. Luke's Abov,13 Hospitalof sonof age.a disgraceful violation of judicial dignity, and smacksBark Americanlogwood and foatle. to A. H. Badger k Co. Left aewill address the meeting, and the Secretary will famish Interesting statistics on the moral condition of each Ward in the City. The population of the Metropolis la now leged frcqaent committals of the same person for in- 843,741, and, according to the report of the Associa- s tion,thereareonlyL'74place^ofworshipand205,580 The Commissioners of Public Chanties and Cor- sittings. The number of persons improvlded with of the sittings Is 639,361. A large attendance at the meetingmay be expected.City Taxes.—The Tax-Receiver's office piBsentsrepresentthe can- dle works on Staten Island, I beg you to make theblack cloth Frock Coats Cassimere, Pilot and Beaver BusinessThefollowingisthereplyofthe Commissionersof Charities and Correction <o the conimunicatlon fromgentlemen,Supertile Board of Polh:e Jostlces,.in relation to the al-ds.. with sugar and cotton to ft T. A. R. J,toiieatioaGen,Gaeisalsineverworkedinthisfactory,batrhssTf:.Pantswith Salvi. thetenor. and Mr. Mxhoci, were associated Rich Velvet Yests2OOto 600200to 800 Brl<r J. R. Nevins. (of Eastport) Tllley,1 OOto 3 00 ds., Kith cotton, ftc., to master. 3ad inst, lat. 9,yeetion acknowledge the receipt of theTdice Jostiecc, at a meeting held by them on the i2th inst., when the following resolutions referring to va-a' ''was adopted, and a copy ordered to be fur-nowsomettiingofits-wontedaspect. Yesterday,the books (for real estate taxation) of the Second, Sixth, Eighth, Fourteenth,Fiftecnlh,Twentieth and Twenty- first Wards, were opened, and the office was crowded with parties an jlou? to pay their taxes, and save the[A.*TertlMBieBl) TInoekgakments, Ho8iKaT,^nd Ui.v's FoaMISBIBS Goons.A. Katikin k Co..grancyisbed to the Department, viz.alot ofsolderingtools,valuedatgait*meat of the pas-'age. Left no Am. vessels. Salt is very aeareeaodihat snchevideoce be furnished to the Police Jus- tic.^s, at the boars set apart for ttie e.xaminatiou of pcr- •ODS charged with into^ticatiun, to wit. at 8 o'clock A. M., a:id 3 o'clDck P. M.. daily.delinquentsguilt, up by Justice Cosnollt for trial.pris-telegrapliic Agreatassortmentat low:;reportture of tallow candles, for near tliree years. Cassimere Suits to match, <W,tlO]74, sav a herm. brig, strg. N., with loss of IbrotSfaMt.and disabled. apparentlyBrig Ann Elisabeth, Seeisy. Salt Cay, T. L, Oct. L wMhnittoMetcalf&Dnccan. Had N.B. heavyMetoivfd, That the Board of Metropolitan Police Com-talBaioners and the Commiasluners of Publi-'; Charitiesand Correction, be requested to cooperate and farni^ttch evidence as they possess to arirance prosecutions of^•rsons who, being h^Mtnal druDk.,rd-i, arevasrjmts; addendum which tiie law onand afrom tlie house of Henry P. Bell, No. 27 East Eigh-The Lata Gale In the Galf of St. lAwreace. From Ike Toronto Globe, Oct. 25.We pulilish extracts from the Hiramichi 6;/ronrr, describing the destruction brought about byat Tuiks Island.BrigEliis.(Fr.,) Henden. St N. Pierre,The Commissioners of Public Charities :ind Cor-rection have the honor to respond to this resolution,and to assure the Police Justices that Iliey will con-tinuetoioxidMhsuchevidenceastheynavehereto- 0)OTe-namedInstitution,attheHarmonyGardenin fore fttmished, or may hereafter possess, to seeure 'Essex-street. The vast ball-room of that place wasBROOKLYN NEWS.The Purman-street Railroad Route-—The to shores. Bark Sicilimi, belonging to Messrs. Haws astic exclammation of the Prince of Wales on re-Brig Lyra. Gray, Elizabethaort with ooal (brBrig Cremona, (Br.,) FnOmere, Walton, N. 8.,t with plaster to master.when anThe CoihmissioiiCrs have earnestly and assiduous-Central and Railroad so as to have go. A schooner from London, P. E. I,, loaded with City Companies, oats and codfish, ashore about half a mile from thej hats, for which Knox Is also celebrated, and tlistribut- -IBrie David DalEel, Cummings, Sllsabethpsrt, tea] br Salem.opportunitymay pre^^cnt it^^ell^declamation aud Steahboat Ashore.—feats.from the commenreinent of iheir official organiza- tion, endeavoreil to chanjre for the better the wholefog yesterdaydamageto'lier, onlyjibIWilmlngtoB.a»-ly,She was offher. She nm right before it. Thestreetwas walking in Fifih-avcnue on Thursday afternoon, icport of Police Justices In relation to alleged Ire- when she was knocked down by a runaway horse andtheefforts have not been in vain—the action which the " "Van.Schr. Kllen Baker, Stevens, Newbemi N. C, 4 te„, .agricutiural2U-^!lu^%t:'and few hours.-New -York firm at J4 cent Dchangeandtor Ladles, Gents., Boys and Childrenwith vellow pioe to Baker k Co.S,hr. Charles Davis, norton, Charleston, (ds., withnaval stores to Jonas Smith & Co.Schr. Ann S. Salter, Fish, Wareham, 3 ds., with nailshas in an " extraordinary manner drawn tlieni to the •ubiect," ftc."The Commissioners of Public -Charities and Cor- rection regard with thoughtfulnesstlic liigh apprecia' tlon evinced by tlie action oi the Police Justices, in"].0VAT's purely vegetable pills will cure without fail- .Sehr. L. B. Cowperthwaite, Rogers, Charleston 6 ds. >Warden's Informal communication refeiTcd to, and, althoughbyher clotheseatcliingfire from a can ofburning4.proposition was. to oper-5, lyingatanchoroff— an immense stock of newties and Correction the first knowledge of Ms interfer- reside at, No. 61 West was overall of which theCommittee, Mr. Litchpikld said, the day be- touche. -Another sunk altogether, and ten head ofWabsbb, Pscx A Co for Boston.Srkr. Astoria, Cogsw-^ll, Klisabethport with coal, lorTwelfth-street, jTina Sixth-avenue The Coroner was notified and willpaid him in thus making his rjerhal stateritent thechief basis of investigatlcu aiM reform. There are4liffienlties, no doubt, wiiich require adjustment, bc-fcie a system which iiaa been allowed so long toalamber In disgrace can be wisely, hrmly and faith-Ailly administered, but It Is never too late to takegfOBBds for the right, and therech^il be nothing want- The long-talked-of Billiard Tournament com- ed oa our to aid in everr way with all ourpartCity Company'sfore had declined. The Chairman of the ,cattle lying shore. Little BuctoucheCommittee asked if Mr. Pieb&os was autliorizcd to accept either of these prepositions. He sail hewas not able to say that the ICompany would accepteither, but said that he would call a meeting of ttieHoard of Directors and consider any propositions theCommon Council Committee might see tit to make. evidence of the coming storm. Heavy clouds from •The only proposition he was authorized to make was, the noriheast, accompanied with a thick cold mist, that the 'City Company would run as many cars over rain and occasional gusts, at 10 A. M. It blew about the Furman-street route as the public accommodaaon half a gale. From that time it increased in violenceence with their body in behaU of humanity and rea-eon. they are free"" to acknowledge the compliment yesterday,strength, to carry out any systetn tiie law allows Rooms, Fourteenth-street, Uniop-square. Tiie prize— which will render the least assistance to an honestefcrt ofthe Courts foV the proper treatment of offend- a splendid gold-mounted jointed cue—Is exhibited inat two cents oneand one cent the anduntil it became a perfect hurricane. Its firsters of thepublic peace.the saloon where the contest is on. A spacious goingdouble platform for the spectators has been built roundThere were several men engaged under Its roof short-Schr. Three Brothers, Kiy. Virginia, corn.Schr. Yantic, Barber. Kiizabethport, coal for .Schr. Fall Cornelia, Mickey,A copy of theBoard of Police Justices.The ligury done to the contents, I am pleased tosteady;4 Schr.RalphHewitt.Buckling.Rockland, ds..IlmcOBintRAI.CITY NEWS.correspo^W^^ewhen were satisfied that were with storni-hlng ruled thev they dealingit seemed as thoui^h 7?ic.ffl8c. premium;,Pine-stroet,but chjsed iiull and.'IreportWIND—Daring theday from S. W. _; sunset.NorthandS. DRAPER. President, ISAAC BELL. Jr..termined. This the Central Company refused to ai--portsbefore. It rocked to Such an extent that season, 177,000bales. Decrease inless than last receipts, 100,620Broadway and! Fulton-itreet, -a here he li.n. at •• (a-n,"ted, at QUO d-iy's notice; nevertheless, he made themost diScult and brilliant' shot of the day. He ac-euinpUthed M. |Bergcr's serpentine shot, or what isas the "kissing : hundred-point games. Friday (yester-Imight«ayover'. Tillsfearfulhurricanewasnotfelt lantic-'^.reet. CoaH- at Ualhousie. At Petit Rocher a few boats werethe to small crafts has been considerable House of damageObwigo. Friday,Flocb Wheat dull and heav\, unchanged.TurkfIsland.43,000, which was w on.ciid taken by tlie cardla the presence of Srx^Aar. On the same day, lieUpon bein£ brought before Justicethe firmness in holders and advance incheck 1 MiiwaakOKJ. lat. .» 60, Ion. Snrirdragon—makes oatli, he lost $1,2UU at " faro" in tiicItransactions; sales 6,000 bushelsNo:bark, frod 43 40.^ouse of CiiA-1. Rassoh, ocmcr of Prince and JUi rcr]forsliipments .saleslastnight15,000bushelsIllinois; also,t3MatFaan*!W.Blackxah'splace. 1 .Ana-street WarrantaXor the- arrest of all the above-named parties were Issued by Justice Keu-v arid giv,n K. Detective Hooan q2s Tliursday, but up to yesterday aftrrnoor. he had not jaade his aopearaneeGe:>r>- Mondaj -Willie andPOPULATlO.Nof —anImports—;Broadway No.;with of them, au>Jcmey City.IFlocesteadvlor Quebec, and about 40 of the fincs-t fishiuK barges Michigan and *1 26 a $1 39 for State.—Theyarewhite,mealy,large,fine havored,*d^'esterdayaftarnoon. JuJstlce Kei- IT rei-eived ar, in'.ioiation that -She gamblers would wait upon hiEi -at ii.-ir l.asnre -some .lay next week.pouiis.If'lnce Ihr a<!vi nt of M nCouMT Court.—Jous FACLaxEB and Fbedeeicx H. Tdk.>sb were oa trial Tliursday on an indictment for assault and bat- ti ry uith guns upon a number of residents of Scacau-ihiee schoonere arc onAnother -singukir cir-Taffair, and that is, the n-.mbUrB, liic complainant andbase practiced ^^ i: ,broken and upof bushels (;inal on -private terms. Oats in de- 5,000ums-.:inceUcasi have alU-iv.r.:o> d the same person as counsel.destroyed. —— mandoffice ofthe AmerUan Agr^ulturnt, No. 11 Park-row.'i.-;J-•^"anaith Lynchsales 35.0<I0 bushels State, at S6!<c. Bablxt dullforState. ThelargeshipmentsdowntheriverE.xi.. Coonty'if'Y: M..\This is the beglnnlo( of a project entenaiacdlower part of tlie City a poryetuai exhibition room ^'lnii\^j.'he nrstoue,Tlie aehooner Richard Shel- HummingBird,K.cnURCH—SD-AV.,Mr. Jens, the proprietor of that ioumal, and de -i^ed to be carried out on a larger scale, viz.: To provide in theyesterday, was won by V, uiV \^.Sr— on fiOth-stand tables where, «t all times, ioleresttng•ad kortleultaral prodnets may be shown in theirAn alarm w as given, and a nunil>er of men followed the arevsed parties, ami a.desperale fight resijtf^d, during which the gurji were used for clubs, and the eombat-»«tor«. "rte present season is rather late for out- door iowejj, Ihougtt we jjpticsit 00 the ttbit* jesiei-\ i,in^?sio^mrev.V,*Jnl*)l°"K;^'*£°TM pomts) Ww<re finally overpowered, disarmed and to con.xyedbankf,'-_sev- e.jiapiaint.. against.insurance. 'I'he fire is work ol an liieendiary.supposedI 1— and 165*c. on Comto New-York. Imports—10,001}brearh uveT her hut as the storm was gradually bbis Flour, 13i,000 bushels Wheat, bushels ^BDJbark Fu^ut,,Savannah. HpokeB>dre.Port-au-Prlnce, Oct. ft, off"lows Five rambling-house of Csas. ,Hiliiah, Broadway, next dayi-Oeary ofwithmasts andrumorsofnett, gone, other disastersnot havecometo confirmed, hand.litreets. On Ihe following day he lost tJ50 at tlicscitcted as a temporary Engineer by the Pros-p«'ct : '; Other for city use at 59c., afloat.Grains quiet.TOO LATE FOR CLASSIFICATION.PEACH'S IHPROVED PATENT AWNING FrXTCnE, Now on exhibition at French'^ HutcJ.door to tiecomti of Eighth-street. The .same ciay he hav:inaKU and lost $500 at Jonr CoLTOii'a.fambllng-houBe. No. ix anafil, andEnglami't Shields, boimd to Newcastle fromcondemned,TuesdayA correspondent at Caraquet writing on the lOih;connected with the^m m\,!'"'='''^-^'"T'"W""'"' '"' "^aretwo bounduptheRiverSt.LawI only hearddealer.somewhat damaged. To the south,wj:iL he was recognized as an old offender, and was along Carquet,freightsgambiing-players'over sixty vessels, from shooners down, have been Club,A Perpetuaj, notnicuLTijuALA pretty coUectioo of dwarf evur»T-.cn.-ers, ftults, etc., may be seen by all inteEtsted at the ilr. Phelan, i.T.d °«a.. ,„t^^ "''',^'«';" I"-a<;"«?out of aneus. growing alleged assault upon a coloreddo not hvlpto arrlvtt, and the balance on-£xiiibitioh. and of flow-CHPbyFriday, Oct26. ju^ti>a-sedalager-bierplace,andthattherewasthe :n>T,master,botmdfromLtSradortoHalifax,whiolne Floced^ul„l,wi.t.hV.U.tt9i°e!cn"«i,and weak. BEHll'Ii,"-—On.Melrose, (Br.,1 Reynolds, StJohn, O-xTOea Thursdayevening largepartyanyshopin thetime, which, ifmmi^^mfAsufriaca, excelta, laricio, cembra, moii- sfirli' itxi^'tinughus, nivra, syLvtstris^ In addition toPini^ familythe above there are of evergreeiis< ipbalotaius Fortunii .\(inn i399.Repeated applause was:; City Mills nominal at $5 sa WaBAidBU-; redknrer,Picea Crypiomerla JaptmicaIhe most close attention and made.the few pastwhite«l40«tl85. Cessidanaad WmSiT da]lat2Sc.l«fi/b.'m ; Thu,a aur'M, Euonymus Jnponi- Uhododcndron. etc. CiiKss Playi>g—Mb. Paulsen's Blindfold Gaiiib.—Uuring'fee recent visit to this City of Mr. Locis Paulskk, of Dubuque, Iowa, the celebratedJiiripenis .•('tU<jmosa stbrrira and occiitentatixAntccrapha.Savasiiab, Ttaorsday, time,16,000bales. Marketadvaaead.;Retiuosporaauctioneers, have issued abraring upward^ of 1,200 lots of rareem-Mayor discovery; tamurtxrjfotia ;a Wide-AwakeswhiletheywereTuesday nightin Grove,wasstabbedbyoneCo»«a»BAXU,it fljoughiblindfoldlookplaceatthesiH played simultaneously four biindfold gamesroundingand whilethrown which struck a young man named Hskkt be the person alluded to, rosbed down, and iindtog achess-player, MorphybcginiUng evening, Wednesdaya^ grand torchlight procession,Evan^^namcd gentlemen, and drew the game with >Ir. Ciu-On Saturday evening effort was made to discover thereeted and lodrad in jail, and on Tharsdar nlgbt toreRailroad, 12K;; Pennsylvaaiatrians whose route leads the throughnewly awakened enthtisiasm. collection soon toof invited assembled at the residence of Rev. Dr. Gjllztte, Inbuildingday;Price,Hotchklss, Doane, Havana,TruillokBs».SlEIOrS ACCIDEKTS.—PATRICK;placestlie 1st November. The "nthe terrific gale briefly mentioned in ourand was locked column a few days agb. The gale is stated to have been the most violent that ever occurred in the Gulf, and causing great devastation to the hay and other outlaying crops for miles to the interior of theNo. 96 Bowery. *;KastHirbar.Last evening fhe members of the New-York Tum-country : " " There has been grefet destruction anmnd Richibuc-Wbat a Nice 'At !"—vercin gave one of theirpublicentertainments for theSuch was the enthusito see if drunkards and vagrants," at all hours aud at all times sonic profit. The performance consisted of singing, some arrangement could not be made between the drythe prosecution of persons who, bein*^••hthitual well crowded, and the entertainment a yielded hand-s^polnted,;Bri;.' Hidalgo, (of East Machlas,) WbltteaMre. Kea- Ma hew.gymnasticthentoming the steamboat iRed Jacket on her trip fromthe Railroad on Furman-street, between Fulton and bark Sirtlian no ;done blown ed them around. Comer of Broadway and Fulton-H. 4C„ ds.,wWipassengers—A Young Lady Kr.\ Ofkr. Miss Hunt, ayoung lady residing at No. 30 West Fifteenth-street,to'J. J.4;iient committal. &c.. which report lias been put forthas the consequence of " public attention having beendrawn to the frubject by the Warden and the Press,"cr Commissioners, airords ample e%idcnoe that a attendance of a physician, and was then taken home. the rights of the respective Companies. Mr. in a squallKeep Wabm akd DryC&Glllet, Savannab,6 ds.,No. 6 SouthWHllam-street, where a bale of corks,the Qentral Company to operate the route and pay 6 per cent, for the use of the City Company's track. 2. To leave the matter to the decision of three disinter-fASvenuemenk]Washington. naval stores 10 Iui,"i.- -v huoce.the table, which is in the centre of the arena.M. H. GRINNHI.L, were probably between three and four hundred iier-Commissioners. was ordered tc be sent to UieJAS. B. NICHOLSON,tion whichdid notgivethe Central the Company rightthought prudentThe Case of Wj(.ASAiKsT GAMBtxag.—The Case of W«.'the young man whc was arrested on Thursday even- ing, charg.'d Willi havini; defrauded the £roi of Quick A I.'Huu«ri,]Ki.•f a note fur $1,%8 C6, wtiieli they intrusted to him to •ell, was called yesit.^-day at theplayerswould the Central givethe use of their roadhis devastatingTrees were in some uprootedE.;goaa'ves; Kdlnburr,Hitukt,Jr.Companybrigs Fred Wor-iniJ. SpaaWlnc.exdianpe brokers inCfit'ral Railroadimpossibleto face it. it con- firmer,.,.Liirhf-BriKs Orlando, from Miragoone;,andSaturday night Sunilay morning.trigs A- 1. W- \rpl-g»i'h. Wo Janeiroa.—Couplaiktsmtn who would carry out their agreements, theyFrci,fA(.v—Liverpool.—6 P. M.Tom Corwin. Norton. Ci"nfin.'go3MobileR. B. W.i'kcr. Trne.Surinamout Lower Police Court,t'onipany.FiUK On Thursday night a fire broke om infor mvestigatioii, but wa-spears, has been ratiier a fa.-t man forthe victim of sundry keepers c[ - fuoerfi of whom he yesterday mad?He -makes affidavit iha; on the I9iii in-st. Ke went -intothe gambling-house or Jamks :<tkwart, comer of taken sick, Mr. Geary, of Chicago, has been substitu-Canada at $2,000wasdr-stroyed.anduponwhich;therewasno inalat21c. CasaiFbxioutblowererpoc;! ll;.vaim;liHiiuti, it ap-Freeman-street.whenvalued atto have been the Bathurst bar—the sea was making a compleh^s' hr. W.-st Wio.l. Sagus._p-jstponc-l.some tii<ie, andGreeni«)lnt.propertyI.observed to ashore on heavy; sales 6,000 bushels at 52>5C. Whibkt nom--,„sons present during the afternoon. The idea of hav- ing a Billiard 'i'oumament in the United Stales, origin- ited witn Mr. Itjjclan, about two years since, who was then ina \ lew to prepare propositions to bo presented to theCity Company. Mr. Piir80!« asked Mr. Litchpiild ifthe Central Company would consent to let the City state, is not important. Several fine boats wereCompany cross Atlantic-street under any circum- da.sLi!d to pieces, belonging to Messrs. Feeodbos, 10,500 bags against 32,500 bags last year. Tobacco fresh. stances. To which Mr. Lttcbfisls replied, tliat Kasxik t Co.. during Ihe afternoon. At 3 P. M. the firm, and unchanged in price. Exchange on London,with Monsieur Berger and Sir. Roberts, the champTftn billiard player of England,on New-York, J,c.SV:c. discountBy Telegraph.BOSTON, Oct. 26.—.\rr. barks Rarmonla. Rio Janeiro ;with a view of inducing ttiosc 'greatto vi.-^it this cotm'.ry and enjjatie in the qreat contest. Mr. Hcrrt, Jn, Phelan's project was not then successful; and it has2(i;now been resuscitated, in con--equence of tiie extraor- dinary number of professional and amateur billiardwho are now in New-York, and wlio have been drawn here to witness M. Berger's astoni^riing performances. This fact, and the additional one that public attention has been so largely enlisted in studying the more scientific points of this game, has induced Messrs. Phelan and CoUender to give the Tournament. Mr. Bird, of Philadelphia, liaving beenAlkins. Carden.-is}:e*-''e. .Vomac, Charleston;playershuman beingtoattempt;kooHn to Amis'nt tc the;at $110; last 6,000 bushels White laTr78)Jon. eveninglii an billiardh.it." The p^o^raulme of the Tournament is as fol-Refuge.I'liosrKCT Park—EoDEET L. Vielk has been destroyed. A briganune is on the shore at Point Miil- Canadian at $1 35, afloat, Coss dull and no inouiry:ptcti,ia!o.Duringment has been createdand White ofci.u-ag,, New-York;Lyiicb of New-York. Saturday—Kav-Tieman of Cincinnati and White.Park to make a Commis-sioners,of the site for Prospect Park.lopograulucal surveythoughCabax Fbdouts excited and 2c. higher on grainTieman and lueM.ay-Lynch and White; Tieman and Geary.the census increase«f 03,000 in live years.;J. AJTfor s>i,e, FOR smi'PixG ani> i'A«-ty war-the ball.',tos.-ther, ;„U iu ' r '^~-=^'^1" 'lTM«"'fc' ano:J.LYNCH.Commis sjocwere very ^u,Te»sf:i — making their brilliar..fence."woman. From the evidence, it appear^ that in Xuga^t Wreck af the British gchaaaer naaiming 70c. '8720.; 19.400 bushels Canada West part at »0c.,CHKAlFBO.'miSTS!ing of tl.e hallsgreat success as a b:ai:uc! r,?aveimence afternoon a. everyprivate terms, but un- and4,000bashelsCanada"a'i"%m*r-."."g^ BI-VNanervousi... HisSome words followed, when, it is alleged. Sw.ai.s sJ^lck the woman in Ibelying to, all the east end of the Island of Aiiticosti. inquiry, pricesenwill preachs."vfc« .ommencingat 4Kavanajh;I.j-ncli.Brooklyn, byCanal Ezports—inU bbls. busliels Wheat; 34,900 bushels Barlev'.Oct 26—6and in fair demand for the East. Whiat dull, but salable, in loU, at $1 54 for MTiite Rn—SalesLYEA. Agent."^I: October, reportsAijA«v, Friday,P. M.i st. ranted to keep pne year. ^^mpl«»,'"W-'" '%"„?„ 2TiemaiKond Itavan- agh. lt„;rs..a>-Mr. Pl.cl;..! ayains1 the wimicr, MW'r hh'"'";''^"''''''^'O•••The furious gale of the flth and-7th insl. has done considerabledamageinthisquartei. InthisharbortogeUi.r ,"'f,?,'-'."""^' "l'" ''i"'r" ^.vlast the lU'cused while out a partii'S, gmu.Lng, enteredUfe. From tke Quebec Ckroniclr.fcrmfrly J,-lantlt-xMiuiue. MiUlDergsuppliedatThe game between and LynrhIwreck, but the captain, Jakcb Calaobas, steward,inemium. J?""***. Friday, Oct;MTr ITAICY .^mcr ?n,TrtTt.Vo'.heKalnida14?;c.',il5Jic._CoTTOs—Sale* of the Sweek 10.000 ba]« n-ChessRooms. Mr.Paui-was was taken up badly hurtone down stairs with the widow, and, sapponngitstrongest ordinary playersThis is thethat has ever fallen uniler the hammer In tills couatry,Hall Park at nooB now- allays, are sut^ecled to no Uttie diacom- fiture from the very base bail practice of an army of muscular juveniles. All the in thebe sold hashad contrlbqtions made to it from almost every Stateand country, all carefully arranged by the experi-CitydoUars..iderslrtt at the AgcEc v. So. 1 Erie New-York. For further particulars L. PELL, Pellh:im Fiirm. KsopusDnane-ga ^^^^^^^^ P"?-""!M?e!'rc"hiain't'nm."''l'.' v 'f"" P''"'.='.l^'', ^''"'i-E^r'"*""* "' '"'' 2 o•^L;., >lf.S-'^'^<^\'-<"^-sipallSeacaucus, occupied by a colored wo-|wlil do well to cul the lowest pricffprincloal'iui.r^'e,"'^'"?'*'pro]>er place to proi-ure it.face, after which the party left and went tnio a field. her beam ends, and" "l"U's -av•e"r'a"s=e &" t'h"e" r^,'0TM0 ,^,',",t^a^u bein l'i)« idI!the 7th Inst, was struck by a heavy sea,thrown oh WuEAT dull and unchanged. Whibki—A better feel-to the marketchanged and sales unimportant Sight Exchange on26—6 P. M.being P°'"''' "^ "*''' »"•= f"^ of-, 30Kaiadismasted. Vt hen she ing;sales at I63«c. Paovisiotvs un-M. Teacher's Bible Class IIUBTITDTIUI^O.—AHguestsV.R.BainsB Co^rsuLATS,ASon S. ;Therethose withinto operate the road. The Committee adjourned with had not left more than three minutes when.?^ 'IV-'^ —.9ktlXim^1hi^ miimf ^, iai»,•)?.«ITYANBCOTOyyAIVAItii. dayagecdeoUectioaiHDahlia^inehidlat anumberI apocket-table,andwascat to be oomaaiedforbrll> .-, <tauWaraarandC.R.WnranaappearedofextraloespecimensfromthegrouxtaWtheCity llaneywiththepi'tteut game,lawOchthebcUa ftrthedull.act,andDIstrict-iUtameySovBosacon- laaMfortttfVMre,andlandedaboutaadietoitm boshel^WheatLUNATwr»;migrants. coKmisroiniaM^ sKtWaxii thk coinaflBiONZKSThere are also a considerable were brought together c la Berger or Plielan, and ducted the ease for the State. Bwahi was prevloaslT eastward ot^ie lighthouse. TwT dayalatw th8 Oats. 5*viaflit<-«W tMa, ,noarOrphanAsylum.number ofnamed varieties of apples and pears, sun-as mammoth squashes,dry vegetables.-^uch etc. improvedrotatoes, vegetable eggs, etc., Tiilrty-ci^t va- rieties of dwarfed evergreens, adapted to adorningwciethennursedbytheInectofloaches.Thespleo- triedforassaultaadbatteryonMrs.TBOMnon,and die run of Lynch for 129 was made mostly by car- was found guilty.">e busiiebOarn.of arson in the IkirdI beg leave to dissent from the laie as propoundedby the learned Judge.Theicarefour distinct degrees of arson. -Arson inWe cannot feel that our duty as trustees of a com-Mn fiud of Charities and Correction is properly per-formed,withoutinaiufe^iingwithallourstrengrb,our renderanervousnonparticipantsomewhatIndanger liquorw1th. Sherefused,analtercationensued,andthe dwelling-houseinthenigkttime,inwhichthereshall •xiety and demand lor an immediate payment (or of being roughly bandied, it is worse than going to infuriated man, seizing an ax, struck her with it, pro- be at the time some human being. Arson in the jcc-Yow acknofvledgment in case of Inability) of your Wee and i>cim8u>g obligations to this DepairtihentBarks H.bridge's Sons ; Regatte, Crocker, ^aenoe Ayres, X. T.elaiBis, and the same pro rtU* payment ot your indebt- edDcsa.pass near where the ball drops, is sure to become theThe only Gallery in the UBlted States Iwnored with a special visit by the Royal Party.Photographs of B.a.H.,raaraiHciorwausimwna, on view atSaAST'S SAIXSaT.Brigs Lvdla Frances, Campbell. Pblladelphia. Tata. Forterfield k Co.; CenUur, Eelton, Mobile. WTB. £»- ard.,spasmodic and tcni&c exertions to secure the ball wife, Bbidsit Ryas, to give him some money to obtainWe beg to call your attention to the Immediate of Aminadab Sleek, " A BallCopies bi every style of the art for sale. Gallery Sceptre, Cutter. St John. Font & SauU:centre of a crowd of hardscrmbbles whose coming home at 9 o'clock Thursday night, asked his youngthejirti degree consists in willfully setting fire to aa the Prince's Ball at the Acade- Tammany primary,Schooners Lynchburgh, Harris, Riehmoiid. asalsr : ReiolutiaD,Caylord,ElisabethCity,master: F.Hlaker- sonjHenderson, Savaimah, Storgea. Clearmaa £0e.: R. w. Brown,IIIonFriday. Get at,poorare growing in pots of and the on a warrant lilm and of kind. quiet; Btiperfiiie,96days withoutearth, Kavanagh's play throughout wa« brilliant ; liii runi cuTt charging with assault food and drink any Most /oitunatelv tlie firm sales 6,000 busbeb at tl 3S«itl 38 for:M, 18«,'.-3=8., 113,8.ingprisoner.was beU to bailJus-very daywhence they proceeded towere in the steamer LadvDuringoperation ard treatment of this class of human be- Eiizabetbport to tliis City, went ashore on the rocks Hall last evening. Mr. Pieheon, President ofthe City eral other vessels to leeward when the squall struckSchr. Target. Howe,val stores and cotton to .Tonas Smith ft Co,fbrScBbors.toWn. P. Ritchie, Farewell, EUsabethpcrt with coalings. Every information they could obtain—every back of Fort Governor's Island. She Company, made a detailefj statement as to the claims,Captain says of a schooner he also said^The Hedicai,-—CA<>TerU«mait.lundersigned, pnpQ Ricord,.s^chr. Trade Wind. val store to J. Webster.—to bring the previousColumbus, laysprac- perfectly e_asy and has received no damage. She will rightsofof Paris, and of Profs.with na- Scbr. Has Elngum, Uiggins, MobUe, U with eattoopoint they could presenttice with all its ahotninatlocs to the notice of the Cofirts. as well as an abused public, and so far as-Covrts by w tiose authority thiti movement is now put ferth.It is with great plearure they now learn that theirthat she ran over the masts by wiiich w as lying on her sideBentsn, Savannah, 6ds.,be got off next high water. HerWilliams. ds.,,:titunstg was— fatmina, l-ynch's playebion^aptiiduia,hiberntca, pyramuialta, sabina rera, sufcica. Of the (the only one m theFictoato Halifax, where they all.0, 1», s«. 35, is.ll, 12, 3, 4s 0,Theaccused-game,) 35,».8. Total.Excitenect PaUtleimac af Jj^anithe Pcii«lfkeepale.days considerable excite-waymUes to the westward of the schotmer.reidde.ous(Irving Buildings,)Oct. 31—to be continued successive evenings till all are sold.bight o^L. Ts tNew-York at iAuausTA. Thnrsdar, Oct ».of all en- collecting of autographs began to assume any generalchsdr,years, vastof oilr educated classeF have gone to work to make(Satnrdar,) at lOH o'clockdiligence and care have thus rendered to the cause of History. Some of our best modem books owe tneir orjlin too^'to-day it is stated that JudgethisWe learn that ttdsexplicitly,enced hand of Mr. Cbas. B. Nosios, sokitown on both sides of the Atlantic as a bibliopoiisi Wie predict a complete success iu the sale.PrcbaMe Marder.An Irishman, residing at No. 10 Roosevelt-street,B. K. B., TBE PBIXOB OV WAUS,ond0£B. -One is led to exclaim, in the memorable words ture of both bones of ihe leg, and rapturing the ante- dviMiHg-bouse In the ilajr time, or to any sliop, kc. InBurton, WIlmisirtoB, i. SnHb k OB.: D. B. Warner, Carrov. Charleston. UcCieadr, MottSOe.:my, or being the object of a carom by Monsieur Bza- ducingacompound, complicated,comminuted frac-degreeIs committedtiy settingfire to an mhobitedA BailSiLTEB WiniiiNG—Rich Presents of Silver. profusely. RvAir was arrested, and is now In the£rom 8 iu M. till 9 P. M.Abomlnatian :" rior tibial which the blood forth artery fro^ pouredtime.Arson in the tkird degree coiisists in setting fire toopenTombs. The woman was attended In the first InjuredInstance by Dr. Johicsoh, and was afterwards taken toor othercommitted in the night time, would t>e arson in theWolffE. Boynton. (Br.,) St John. P. J.lCviaa• -liieir requirements with our o\vn. You have every Twenty-third-street, near Fifth-avenue, to celebrate the New-York Medical CoUcge Charity Hospital, second degreeprovision for their t^upport and care tliat you have for ttie twenty-fifth anniversary of the wedding of this where -Dr. CAaN0CB.ui removed the limb. It Is not the house of another, not the subicct of arson in the Messrs. J. Girainrr Ann Soathose who, tioin other causes, take shelter under your reverend and his wife. The commission, and arc alike supported by the commu- gentlemantation. Aside irom being an act oX justice to them, we and bridesmaid who assisted at ther marriage a quar-deemed that she will survive her probable•laim thelr.{emoval as an act ofjustice to those whose komcs, through you, by them are rendered compara- ttvely comlortless, crowded and unhealthy.ter of a century ago were present, together with other fiiends on that occasion. Many were the congratu- lations and good wishes extended to Dr. Giu-Bm aud bis accomplished lady, but the substantial evidence ofFcllee Kepcrts^ highway robbxrt,tont to prejudice such insurer.The evidence, on the trial, showed that HiNrnsivBoston he will sit to yon for his Photograph. Yours truly, E. H. ARCHIBALD.H. R. H. THE PRINCE OF WALES SUITE Ain>inp passecgrs to SpoOord, Tileston k Co.Steamship Florida, with aud to S. L.CrowelL Savannah,mteeigroomsmaninjuries.Arrtre*. Steamihip:Nashville, Hurray, "hnlftiii 11 111 listShe is 50 years old._Directors. Aftersometwohours'timehadbeenusedto7 ds., with na- vchr. James Parker, Croaby, Jacksonville, It ds., wtAindecided that they were only authorized to see whetherupinpresentingthesubjectdetail,lost. She was cleared from New-Londonfor Miramichion 5th hist, and had on board 'J,300 bushel of oatsai.dsucnecheese- Awatohwasfound toher hangingand 6 to 9 evening.Consultation en Francois, fAdvertHeaoBbltherewas ofaany possibility temporary arrangementyellowpinetowith naval stores to Jonas Smith ftShe was taken into tliesion of .Mr. AcocsT Bblmost, where she received the diately, and until such time as the Courts decidedeveryin the mode of treatment was demanded by Fatal Aocidknt.—Coroner Schemer held an LiTCHFixLD renewed the propositions which he said named -hlt::u, from Liverpool, and bound to D.aN.common justice, common sense and couunon human- inquest yesterday, upon the 'of Valistihi had been made the before, when Committees of dayity. The Police Justices soem, in their treatment ofti^ question before them, to have been Ignorant ofIhe efforts alluded to, and base their action upon averbal request of the Warden, and the ** alleged fre-quent committals of the same persons,'' &c. TheyV which he was hoisting', fell from the sling upon his «leO' claim to be indebted to llic public Press, which head. A verdict of Accidenial death" was ren-the two Companies were in consultation1. ToCape, landed;desirable for FaU and WinterBbooks', No. 575 Broadway, and ISO Fuiton-stvery severely injured.man-of her when she was washed' ashore. There is! Boots ahs Sbsbb.Schr. S«Bthern Bolle.ton to McCready, Molt ii Co.bodyScHNZiDzs, a German, 61 years of age, who was killedbuctosafely veyalso, every- wear, atwere total wreck. on Thursday afternoon, at the store of Tbbo. Stibn, fect the original agreement between the Companies, All her masts but mlzen are gone. There was a sur- held on her to-day. There was a tnmk w.ashed ashore and recognized as belonging to Joun McLkah's pilot schooner; also a molasses keg and several other articles, besides a piece of her bulwark and keel. Itmightrequire,^ 15, 17, 10,liSgoayra,and given as some shots wjrecatalogueters, Documents and MSS., to be sold at their spaci-givento bithplayers,at$i 25e'$i 3(1 ;unchanged. Psovisioassteadyanddoll. Comafnathe attention. Morris CanaL iS^ilLR^lro^ »?I Bur.iiLAB.Vrresteu-—AboynainetlAuocsirs Witsnotalarming during Sundayafternoonalthough;— hence for Ocean Belle brig,UuDSOKDavid.1.Swais,the wore, all nearly loadedBuiWiDgs,OF Brookltk.—of North Dalhousie,withacargooftimber. Sheis and will be sold on next"Wheat, 18c. verybusliels WheatThe pojiulation just conrludcl, is i;"3,t25house atnjan named Makv TuoMiSoir, and demanded some- thingtodrink. Thewomantoldthemihattlieyhad—WaiaiT Sales 470 bbls at.of 60 Autograph• eait. CnAaiisTon, Ttansday, OetSBkon onpaqes,living, nponwith the widow. He had for some time hadfavorablygeesOrplieas, (Brem.,; Wesses, Bremen, BasaobBIlnai t*;*was insuredSecond Ward, were passing up Beekman-street, near in the building, his family having been sent to Walpsssecgen Mitcbill k Son.Steamship XonUceUo, Gager, Washington, D. C,watch," ning away.rested the'.^immediatelythat the fire was discoveredandphotographsRoyal party duringously injured byHe was taken to BellevueJacob Yiook, was knocked downbadly bruised as he ^K^s crossing the railroad track in saulted and robbed him. "rbe victim, in falling, re- and entirely out of place. The Judge'slarge Hospitalwatch. Nevins had lost his way, and presumed question asking Dwyer lave" they were bettor judges of the law in this par-Steamerpassengers to F. Perkins.byFourth-avenue. He received- medical attendance atspot,brutallya<:-Ship(ofBestan,) Drew,Bssabar.yearsPatrick HzNLoK, residing at No. :107 Avenue C, fellEagI-:, Fogerty. Lagnna, Sept. M, -alA have FxiSAi, Oct. 26, 1660. AKMONCK. Black and fancy elotb Overcoats $S 00 to $1(00 American vessels in port Saw brig Martha Fast—This Association will be inaugurated this evening, at height,The 8tateu lalaad Factory.No. 16 BsixvaS'Steut, Nsw-Yoax,Thursday, Oct 25, I860.6 OOto IS 00gale from S. E., which lasted natU 4thj split starteddeckload. Oct.10.spokebarkCavalle,thePresbyterianChurchinFifth-avenue. Dr.Ttho,Rev. W. J. Hosz, and otherope-To Hie Editor qftU Netc-York Timtt;'Bji.^A man, named a locomotive andtc direct him to his lodging-house in Cherry-s'jeet.Potomsks, Nye, New-Bcdlbrd,withthe latter led him to a darkwhere heticular case than the learned Judge tiimself, and hence his'remarksontheconductofthejurywereunmerited,Thomss W. Sears,graphs sf the Royal party on the visitan' register at Julys, with mdse. to'D. C. hW. B. Baeoa. BasSistout and of a ratherface,350to SOttofiilirough appearance.clothingfigare,gavereturned withSteamer P. T.. fc N steamerfugitive,Dwyer. It appeared that he had knocked down a of arson in the fAirii degreethe pictures, prontmnced although they orders lor of a thoasand to t>eHeartt, Sldell, Fkiladelpbia, iritt;sailor named James Nevins and robbed him of a silver to overrule the Court on a ofgave upwards copies sent direct to him at Bocklngham Palace.The pictures will be oa exhibltl<Hi in a few davs.In the meantime can examine the auto- the publicNorman, Fbiladelpbla,wi(h mration is to call upon the lady of a house andthat her husband or some person residing with her. had been injured and taken to the City Hospital, ana that he had been sent to get a change of clothing for them. In this way he has caused a great deal of un-In ofat your report yesterday the firedressed in dark1 {— 800 10 OOto 14 00 IS 00 to SO 003S0to 15 00; ISih,off KeyWest, W< spoke sUpHis mode ofBarkentine Old Dominion, J<AastOB, Havana,with lUgaT and tobacco to Robert siulTrntUi Bat heavy N. E. weather, vlth heavy sea.Bark Linda Stevart. Davte. St Jago, Cuba, Mds..with tosugar,Ac, J.ThooBpson.Bark Wm. Stevens, CardeaasHenry. via Savaaaah. Vthe Committeebeing made so as to have the route operated imme- pump, but there was not a living soul on boardHanaBT, cooper, perishedseveral eeuons, without expense to eihibitarc «r most b,i Uant public «aie e'ver pl']:/u'%l^^^^ ftits were aj! more or less injured. The ycui^ men 1 he four survivors, Thob. MAanii, owner of the cargo, FLOirm dnlL Whbat quiet, and Icaijc. lower therKiofb" andHoThese aHigh «- salary J»players played home and honie n"•;aa'-'c^hoVfji.iI years ago, h. which Kavanagh won twohK\Icharacter.»*•*Addxewthe 4;ounty jail, aiid whik being conveyed there bound,BoscAL, seamen, remained on thewreck for four 81c.«84c. for Wb. 1 days.78c«i79r.for No. 2, In store.,,.-'.•'.''v'oferiiicMhighestvte^sMb.iCckd t« iU'irc^iuu'Bi i.,\u; iiaudAulir:per-the vessel Is athingUntitlitedDoiicucmenIInstantlyrighted, the crew, seven in number, clung to theat H.M. 7»{I;228,800 3--'.10O bushels Corn; 11,700 bushels:1)atteryatice WAiMa to appear at the next term of Court.parading through Main-street, a stone SsTXocK on the head. HeExchangefrom tlie bark Sicilian.She Is dismasted and cantedher crew are supposed to be allpeculiar importance theway, comer New-York. From Bond-sireet,R. M.Schr. SmithsoDian, Farrell,with decks out to seaBlacliwell.dered.Burning Flciu Casualty-—A woman named ested Presidents of railroads. 3. To leave it to is supposed that she was the New-London schooner ure, the most violent chronic headaches, whether with cotton to master.Mast Maluolly, residing in I'ifty-third-street, near Eighth-avenue, was dangerou.vly burned yesterday,any three persons—one -to be selected by each Com- run over. She must have turned bottom up aud allthey arise from overflow of bile or a disordered stom-Schr. Albert Mason, Corson, Charleston 5 ds.. with cotton, ftc, to Dolluer .t Potter..s^chT. Pet, (Br.,)Reneuf, Denis 39 ds.,with raisins t» Geo. F. Bnlley.Srhr.PavidIfatard. with Cartwright, Elizabethportnear car and killed.on BuctoucheBoston.Schr. Citlren. Woodbnll. rrovideacc, for .\lbaay.Srhr..T.t*^.Schr. J. X. Whistler, Parker, Virginia, wood. Sehr. B. F. Wujl-ssy, -'^oper, Virginia, wood. Pi-hr. R. C. Russell, (."ooper. Virginia, corn. Srhr. J. C. Kldridge, Coukling, Virginia, wood. Sibr. J. H. HoytSchr. Barbara, Cruser, Virginia^ wood, .'•'r-hr.C. J, Errichsou, Collins, Virginia, wood. Schr. J. Ferry, Inman, Virginia, wood.Schr. J. Predmore. Kenny, Virginia, wood.Thirteenth-street, by hold an Inquest upon the body to-day.carriedBy yesterday's mail we received the following com-[ASv^i'tfaeaieot.JThe Fourth Annual Festival of the Society otSt. Vincent de Paul, at the City Assembly Rooras,'No.Ttae Billiard Tonnuunect. FKOGEEI^S OF THK GAMES.:menced yesterday afternoon at Lynch's Billiardpany and the third by the two referees thus selected.schooner, dismasted, passedTothe Mayor.AnotherGas—Gas Fiitdre.s.thus acknowledging the importance ofthetlieyhavegiventhel-.'oinmlssionersofPublicChari- KrxOverandKilled.—Aboy,whoseparentsThereferenceineachcasetobeconsideredboard..Anotherlargeschooner,loadedwithfish, ofaucrtory,.Just out of ourfluid whicli ignited. Sbe was attended Dr. Smitu. ate the road under proposition No. 1, temporarily. Buctouche Beach, with decks off, and noi a soul on Gas, bycoal, lorKridgt-port.binding, —driven ashore between Richibucto manufacturing depot, Cape and Buc- Niblo's.No.579patterns.Callat .s!<-hr.Thachcr,Tavlor,Torry,Amboy,witheement. Broadway, oppositewayuntil such time as the suit now pendhig should be de- CrxABD, aud used by Messrs. Mihas as a sail lofthands lost -Another Richibucto Cajies this morning.LATxa.—Pilot schooner No.ach. 25c. per box.^^^^^^ fAftrenlmMBtlless severe, a vessel wasgoii-t- 26.-Arr. J. F. shipsAt the sametime another person inMr. PAUisiiif won of the three lirst- thusiastic collectors. It is only a few years since the sight The greatest confusion was the consequence. This, it is thought, mast prove fital. Baxib was ar- RIselaadntdag Railroad, 21Kas a matter ofNavlgaUon will be neeessaritylaw,prisoner set the building on fire, tkeir duty was to findhim guilty of arson in the •econd degree. By their finding, the jury fotmd that the prisoner kindled a fire, and they presumed to overrule the Court on a ques- tion ofdegree.G-ALLERY, Comer of Broadway and Tenth-street,Trowbridge, Frlsbes, Barbados, B. n«w-;Bto3, CD. H AM.MOND, M. D.Savannah, val stores to McCready. Mott ft Co.reason to that she was supposewith cot-that iffound theten Damages will amount to twelve or fifteen thous.-mdare safe. Aon a reef of rocks. .All her crew-Schr. J. G, Kennedy, Chamberlain, St. Hary's. Bherhousie. is also ashore about half-a-miie from Rictil-Boots,;papersds..yesterday;tol'i^rker MUM y Schr. Star,and Cocaigne bridgesmunication from a correspondent at Bathurst, datedon Thursday*' Saturday morning, at 8 o'clock, the weather gaveevenini^.the for the of those on board abatiiiR, anxiety safety1!7,000Cora, .1,000 bushels Barley. -t'xB'.m-120 bbls.Marxton was cauijht on Thursday night, while at- biowine heavUv, the strength ofthe gale was spent, I Flour, 208,000 bushels Wheat, 20,000 bushels <;orn.tempting to rob the house o^ Mr. Lawlzr, No- 410 At-IBr. from LondonBii'pet— shi2p3,43. for ITew-Orleans, Oct.Oct Baltimore, boand S.* 10,Iat.Miscou,The brig before alluded to, proved to be theQureti,;alsodisastersonth&Northshore bothschoonersBir4 aad L.aea afa lowaway.Birdsall. \ wood. irginia.theydays.byRio, I4Kic.aiSc.:13!,c. WmsKToaehanced.ISKc.Lass, Ue.«1 Nnr-Y'o&K, Oct IS, 1866. ]:first or second degree or in bitrning any biuldingt GanTLiitiii-H. R. H. the Prince of Wales, having ; been nnable to visit your Gallery on Saturday, has irc.. Khich tkiat be at the tinu iasHrrd, Ac, withln- directed me to say to you that If you wUl go on tosell.Sloops Pointer. Gardner, Provideiice. masterAdams, Halleck, New-ilaveo, master.ble value.he,Michael Foot, aliat Norton, waa arrested on together near this place, and engaged in the manufac- Cassimere VestsPeck ft Chnrch-vessel to S. Friend. Experlenoei hspecial ^.AldermanIt MitcBi-LL, of Newcastle, with a general cargo forceivingelegantstylesgen-.CAPTURE OF A ROUSE-THIEF.weather.Friday on three separate complaints. It is alleged that he stole a watch, worth $25, from the house No.WM. E.Agent of the N. Y. P. C. Co., «12, $16, $18 and $20.329 Ninth-avenue(25, from the shop of John Connor, Forty-cighth-valued at teenth-street. The carpet was found in the house ofstreet, near Sixthavcnae,after Louisa Kitson, No. 432 Tenth-avenue, where the$27,F., lids..Wards will be oner lived. He confessed hisluainijigcertainly on Monday morning.prices. Established in 1828.ready po.'^sibiy tu-dayBENEFIT FOR THE (iEKMAN FbEE SCHOOL-—Brig Stella, (sf Richmond, Va,) Lilly, 22 ds., with salt to Trash ft Dearbome.CommitteeoftheCommonofwMehruring the late N.E. blow lost boat— tlemen's silk hats which he had ordered on the re- to replace itVau Bbitht is Chairman,Miramichl, ashore at Rictdbucto south and bcach,hi^Atlantic streets, operated,held ameetingin theCity away.CapeEscuminaclight, witii sev-carpet,with flfh fo Wheelwricht k. Co.Brig George F. Williams, Havana, 16 ds., with aid imrand asphaetum to ma»t.'r. Has had heavy N. E. winds and calms. John McCar.hy. a railroad labgrer* died oa the passage, a native et Ireland, aged SO.Council,ofat low water. No damage done to vessel or car- commendation of Gen. Bacci. So delightedavas hepotpactVery respectfully yours,RIDER,;or In setting fire in the night' time to;J.that on the afternoon of Simday, March 35, when he left his store, there was no human being;and After suite.;*«., with mdse. and passengers to H. B. Cromwell k Oa. Q» desire Messrs. GnaiiiT k Sob lell far the 25th inst, off Cape Beory, passed a large ship at aa-more of egotism and vanity than justice.CAAnrtlnasitJAt SvAKS', Nos. 66 and <8 Pulton-street':and was followedwere taken Mr. Litchfield, President of the Central Company, that tlie masts were new. There is another schooner Cabhochan and V. Morr. of tliis City, treats success-and.t^ey had the facility and encouragement of the olf by .steamboat Kitl Vmt hull and landed in this City. and Messrs. KiisiT and Sta>tos, of the Board of ashore on Richibucto Cape, about three miles ofuflly NERVOUS DEBItLoITY,seaxensd. allNo.the6r58diBsreoaasde-s Scbr. Maria Louisa, Gutlirie, Washington, N. C, 3 ds..existing difficulties,;the celebrated SexualSurgeonupset full.rigged shipWATii-noor Bautobals, oa Hi«h Laob Boots,fuiy,other, or one and one-half cent for each passenger, victim in Bathurst was the large building erected by bales, aaainst 61,500 bales same time last year. Ex- Schr. Ocean Wave, WonboItJMrginia. corn.cept, and that Company would acceptof noyear, bales. They Stock in port, '^49,000 bales. Molasses—42c.®44c.forSchr. Charger. Mehauian.Bridgeport for Elijabethportpropo.si-lyto leave. 53,000 bales.Rlvar, PaovisioJis dull. .Schr. .S. Hopkins. Shsri-ot Baltimore,Elitabetbportthe. building came down with a fearful crash.$5 l50®$5 8754.at 23c. CorrsiverySchr. Fair Wind. Bragg. Kichmond, wheat.supreme-everything above ground must bow or be destroyed byCotton topower.lienlarly understoo*! that in tearing up the City Com- fences were flying In all directions. The booms hi-]'-, at *3 -JO Inrfiue; $4 6;;Sv for superfineon Atlantic-street. .Mr. Kxlset desired it to be par- places, while others were broken off^at the stump; Floi'B steady aiui in ^om! deinaml .s;i!es 2,U00 Kuller. Chase, Mat.iii7:is I'ico. Krozwr. ;pany's Railroad track on Atlantic-street on Thursilay, were broken up and timber cast up far on the beaches.he had acted as a citizen, and not as a IHrector of the or driven with clipper speed up the Nipisiguit. ?:ueh -f j ti.'>'2>$6 50A. K. Howe. Ke'l-V.CardeoM—Messrs. Vau Andi.n i Co.'ssales; 5,00() bushelsMich-Corn dull andOtr Highland.^oinoel Cook, from Cai»- Haytlen.distillery,T 's,.,at the foot ofMon that day. although the slorm was somewhatIfllLADliLPlH.l. lirt JS.—Arr. "hip Hortenala,m »*«•IIbushi.'ls No. 10 A. M. Bay::(;hicago Sprinuat O'J tl..„.,_.Iigan audi$1 '^''d$\25.;for atiuued to blow with terrific violence during Green Club at *1 II: ti.oon bushels whitehi aFrench Army,wishes to tldteud the two Wheat; 20,000 men stiU moving about on It The keenn ua Ms Wheat to BaiMo.'"*^,T" .5"^ £.""?llghtliouse,Faitwofellows were on the wreck da'874. Waaav RedTud-Hittd,of a certain B^lghbar, wito paid, he thoaght too much attention to tlia widow. OnV Exchangebut withoutfered a reward of ISoo for the arrest and conrictlon the Ratlnn over bis cell doOT. He was foonddead premium.has of-hitherto been confined cldefiy to historians and libra- ofthe fuiltv parties. Several other eUtzens also of- by Sberis Tamast in the morning, and an inqoest'••—JournalWalesstay at the Revere House,sojustand prisoner"guilty satisfactory by the Prince that His Koyal HiglmessThe burned was leased factoryCoatsBlack Cloth, Doeskin, and Cassimerecorrectionsby the Ncw-Y^ork Paraffine Candle Coinnany, of whichfollowingnecessary pain, and obtained garments of considera- Mr. A. Miacci was superintendent 'The renowned Fancy Cassimere, Pilot and Beaver:of tbe Prince ofhaving taken several negatives of the Prince andPants 1asOte6 00Webster. Bark Gen. Green, Atvell, Doby U da, with taaibv letheweek,54,500 bales ofIhe week,64,000 Schr.MaxonRogers.Farren,Virginia,oysters.on Com,Boats scarce. HO bbls. Flour5.000 bushels Barley. Flour; 49,300Oats;^derstood to be East on private 2l5ic.figureterms.;tlie market sales ;11,800 bushels State at« i_„ -rnEcvAas Bnvu, mate, Tmoiav Vosasb, and Cbajulis •ales «4,6$0 bashels, at 84e. for Northiyestem CluD; f"''.i 7?k" Ihe mod. languageo.MAsrraI'l iLeBeing but a few mike frooi the Iti«Bd, U>cy nw- daa Mtive; Esies 27,000 butilOjS; at ii\cS3iv, li<»Ilil f J VH. J(|»dJwa-»i<M« i'Wt;—suspendedJ. N. JAYCO\.newFallthat he sent at once for a box of the fine French soft vitas. 17 d..., with sngar, ftc, to Simpson ft yoneofKivox'sin ta thisOa» goiet KsrifpTs t^tt Mils. ; »i,ifa>llils Corn~ '[Brig Sabo. Carver, PblladeMiia, with coal fbrSchr. Coral, Westervelt, Key West via Charleston, « SiTFPEBERS TBT Thkm. One small l>ox of HoL- ds.. with mdee. to Bennt-r A De:ike-, wIU keep open till Saturday _____^_____446 Broadwav'the J.7th Inst.markets by Telegraph.— Nbw-Oblxais, Friday, Oct. 26.COTION Sales, to-day, 9,000 bales; prices are irregular ; middling quoted 113(c.lilsc. Sales ofreceiptsfor the week, 33,U00 bales. Total exports this;ReceiptsFtouB—quiet —Rio, 13c.'ail5c.; sales of the week, 3,500bags; stock in port,at Whisky raw quotedi»-16d. BcFfALO, Friday, Oct;t-', I;.*Ji for extra lllinoi'^, Wisconsin and t'luiadian:lor extrawas Ihe force of ttie wind that it was *5 75 a $6 ;;5 lor double extras. Wukat opened rhiladelphia.Michigan, Indiana and Ohiodrwiping15,000;:;M-hrs. J. NiVkerson, Uage Cape Haytlen19c. on(Thangha,Oct. 26—0 P. M.17c.®17)!ic. to New-York.^.»15u!;;Floub;r./ Grtoe,aMwl ^. Martha, Blbon h Co.; S. OUman, CnweU, hSSZtlto JLopert Kh-kpatrick..CBorlngcgosr.d,Port Savaceafrf 'm New -Orleans, for Liverpool, 9 as. oat,fo. CalhounN. C, 4ds., with;,Lyons, Virginia, wood.BruntftSlaghtNFtV-ORI.nA.V.-;.Wheat I-lvHrpiol; riz-a-vure, St. Thomas; Isaac Newt<iii,H>.Aofdren's Hflaats, new M^tyylr^.Store, ho. 413 Canal-»t.. oJ.B'l^i^i''*;;Kad< deseription-ll:-.MlUlneryi;/R;"«,j—.ir. LadlM Ji. Jlr-.. i,roaJw.iy. Lla-daiae"sAfIff.'vMiO'K&KVOoWW. -"h ^;T', 11. .'abl.athi 7-.||"^["T2p.KRcMN^ o .. ir.niHM-t; drillfencing departmentllh and -^I't „<s. entranicne this Churchcoal.W. R. steamer Cambridge, Howes,„„X- daiswww.fultonhistory.comThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069 