 6NEW YORK HERALD.B o s t o n ,tattoNo^besjfjDglorsBoesy.their alms collectors Into every village and do not consider it wise to abandon the volun- hamlet,- and would levy black snail upon the teer system of naval warfare while European very niggers if they bad anything to gtsw. This monarchies maiaUia mighty fleets, and may is the character of your Pennsylvania politi- rotaibly harbor ambitious design*.cians, which experience bat depicted andwhich the Covode investigation has confirmed. Rowtnem Opinion on t i e Swceess of t k .J Asvaor HAWAII umwounm ots.Crisis.The city WM tarown into considerable panic such party; It Is ridiculous in a county elec-AOAOKMT OF MUSIC,iresumOAftDi*, WTKTK QA.KDSH.KWOT THTtATM,Bowery.•UWt-ItiUA* Ort•5CxiirOMiA—Our readers will remember the melaochol; proclamations of the Chevalier Webb a l lter H. Jenkins Raymond, from . . fSweet Auburn, loveliest village of the plain, with the first shock upon the nerves of 1 Seward of the nomination of "Old AbeTKBATBI,LACSA KVSXTB THKATB*- Ke. CM Broadwaj.-thecountry—the uncertaintyof the future coin"bytheChicagoConvention, thus were told that the mind of our ambitiousprospects of the confederasy in view of Mr. tor had suddenly.undergone a great Lincoln's election, which seems to be accepted complete revolution; that henceforward p oaallaidesasaforegoneconclusion,andafear politicsandthePresidencywereasnothing of the disruption of our whole system, com- him; that Greeley's treachery at ChicagoW ALLAC1I1a**elwar .--ruvias Wit*left in the heart of his victim "an aching voBOWKRV TH1A TB1, Bowerr.-«pOBA* Of L i r e - nished every day in the Southern States. OArtAia i lot * MIM-WAUOC* or m Qtn.It is "a matter of grave consideration thatthe Senate, would withdraw from the vani of public life, "hang up his fiddle andMs bow, and seek some compensation for his greatvictory of the Sardinian*. In other respects finan- cial and commercial affltira remained without mate-Abraham Lincoln. I have heard-about coi coin end Seward be inaugurated, we will see binations and coalitions there, an&I kave 6ethe banks at the North suspending, the mer- urgred from the beginning to abanmnlfhisof tna Axttasunsf Bsak-Com. mectimcct of She t?olitlc*-C«»mmtrclaismall enough to be contained in the br pocket of "Booby Brooks." Lswtty, t» riktrt*BasYsttwfThe arrival of the North American at Fotheryesterday by the sudden announcement of the suspension of the Artisans' Bank, from which institution the City Chamberlain, l b . Piatt, (who It e)so President of tiie bank,) withdrew the city fond*, and deposited the same in theLamoriclere's total rout b y the Sardinians.Park Bank.that the Artisans' Bank was in some difficulty,and it is a fact significant of the times that its troubles did not arue from any legitimate com- mercial cause, bnt from 'purely political cir- cumstances.This is but the beginning of the politico- commercial crisis which is the certain conse- quence of the present disturbed condition ofpelled to capitulate. With his surrender the revolution in the States of the Church would complete, nothing then remaining to be ac- complished but the settlement of the conditions on which the Pope is to be allowed to retain possession of Rome. Although this has been guaranteed both by France and Sardinia, it is not to be supposed that the righto of its inhabi- tants will be overlooked in the arrangement No settlement can be regarded eer permanent which continues the same despotic system of government over one portion of the Pope's sub- jects that has been successfully repudiated by therest Whilst,therefore,thenominalsove- reignty of the Pontiff will be maintained, the changes suggested in the French Emperor's confederation project will undoubtedly be carried out The inhabitants ofRome, al- though still compelled to acknowledge the head of the Church as their titular ruler, will have their liberties placed under such muni- cipal guarantees that it will be out of the power of the priesthood to again enslave them. This, under the peculiar circumstances in which they are placed, is the only possible solution that can be given to a question which has caused more difficulty and embarrassment than any of the other issues that have arisen in connection with the political regeneration ofItaly.It is stated that efforts were being made by the Sacred College to induce the Pope to aban- don bis capital and seek refuge in Spain or Austria. We know no more suicidal step that he could take. Should he quit Rome at pre- sent we can promise him that he will never re- enter I t Were he to do so he would find him- self at once reduced to the status of the Greek and Armenian patriarchs, and deprived of all political consideration whatsoever. Far better would it be for him to accept the po- sition which the French Emperor has projected for him. He would then still occupy the rank of a European prince, with the capital of the world as his residence, and an adequate revenue guaranteed to him by the Catholic Powers. If Pius be not utterly bereft of worldly sagacity he will not reject these ad- vantages to trust himself to the precarious bounty of sovereigns who may be themselves exiles from their dominions before the revolu- tionary changes which are at present sweeping over the Continent are brought to a stand.These events in the Pontifical States hare re- lieved Garibaldi from ids pledges to the Roman people, and enabled him to concentrate his en- ergies on the preparations for his threatened descent upon Venice. If the statements that reach us be not exaggerated, he will very soon be at the head of an army of 150,000 men, with a fleet of some five hundred vessels. Now, al- though Austria has assembled an immense mili-tary force in Venice, measured against such re- sources as these, and located in the midst of a hostile population, it is easy to see that the odds are not so largely in her favor. Whatever advantage she may have in numbers will be more than compensated for by the enthusiasm of the liberating force and the magical influence of Garibaldi's name. Although the resolutions ef the German Diet and the re- cent understanding with Prussia protect her against intervention* by France, there is no such pledge of aid against a danger caused by her own continued harshness towards the Ve- netians. It is exceedingly doubtful whether, with the large invading force which Garibaldi will now have under his command, she will be able to hold Venice against him. The tearsthat she must entertain upon this point, as'wellas her misgivings in regard to Hungary, may over crime on shipboard, desertion of seamen, the position which the Southern States wouldinduce her to lend a favorable ear to the sug- gestion made to her by the other European go- vernments, that she should sell Venice to Sar- dinia, and thus get rid of a fruitful source of danger, whilst at the same time she would re- cruit her exhausted finances. It would be anaJunrars AMEBIC A H • ontuv, srowiwsy.-n»y sadI m u i - J o w i im Ha Bumn-Uvuti CBEIOM- even at this early period—before the Issue of litical misfortune in joining the illustriousMr. Lindsay »nd His Semt-Dlplo tie sane man can doubt that strife and bloodshedlOMW. DAMSB. At r«AU>a1. 8AUOO*. Bradwpy. OAarvnitpractical illustrations of the direful- coase- Martin Van Bttren, John Tyler, Millard Fm ETUOTIAM rIMUIA Mvanrr.**>-quenoes of republican success should be pre-more and Franklin Pierce.These were our first dismal reports"sweet Auburn" touching the nomination the Illinois rail splitter over the head of great prophet and apostle of the republii party. Bat as the elastic young widow recon from the shock of her great bereav<CAMTOBUSY MUS10 HALL, SSI Bro*4w»r-But, as we have said, the suspenThe battle took place on the 18th nit, and lastedsix hour*. The greater portion of the Papal army, tforeshadowing an approaching tempest The political crisis at which we hare arrived is not,enemies to understand that he was not thus be disposed of. The reaction had common The fainting fit of the Senator had gone off,rial change.Our Washington despatch contains news from chants smashing up, the factories closed, the ney and turn back on my footstepsi|, lOwthe city of Mexico to the 10th and from Vera Cruxtothe Uth ult. Miramon, aided, as it was believed,by the Spanish Minister, had rallied a strong body South the consequences may be still moreof troop* to bis aid, and would now be able to pre. serious: the railroads thrown into disuse, and sixty thousand, I may do so."sent* formidable array to the advancing liberal civil strife raging over the fair domains of that forces.Here we have the admissionard that, although his confidentin the vote of New York, our "i "combinations" in the way of aticket have frightened his rehave been urging him to conshould encourage the parties coi «nunion ticket to persevere; for wt shrewdly stif*- pect that Thurlow Weed is one ei those watch-1 ful sentinels who have been astonishing. Hi ,There waa great excitement throughout the city yesterday, but more particularly in Wall and Nas- sau streets, caused by the announcement of the failure of the Artisans' Bank. The scene at the banking house, and the cause* of this financial disaster, are described in another column. Theaction of the directors of the Chicago and Rock [aland Railroad, in pronouncing it inexpedient to declare any dividend at the present time, added to the excitement and led to /a general depreciationbeautiful region. Let us take heed in time; let the people, forewarned by the evidences of coming trouble around them, leave the politi- cians to pursue their tortuous course of mis- chief, and come forward in mass to save the country from the disasters which menace it by the election of some conservative man to the Presidency.lision at sea, the*rule of the road, signal lightson sail vessels as well as steam, jurisdiction strongly without cause, or that his picture ofthe efforts of the British government to obtain cent action of Mozart Ball as regards the coun- some modification of oar navigation laws, was en- ty nominations is judicious and in the spirit of tertained with a complimentary dinner at the Tre- conciliation. There was great confusion as tomont House, Boston, on Monday evening last. It the county nominations, but the fog is clearing was a private, and doubtless a very pleasantaffair. Mr. Lindsay left Boston yesterday after- away, and we are now beginning to see more noon, and will arrive in this city this morning. clearly. The Mozart Hall nominations will At the meeting of the Board of Supervisors yes. sweep the city, for it is the centre of the con-terdsy Inspectors of Election were chosen for all servative union movement against the revolu- the wards except the Eighth, Eleventh, Eighteenth, tionary black republican candidate for Presi-she knows that he is true to his t treat principle Italy, and for the interests of Austria herself, (the irrepressible conflict), and when she K?s were Francis Joseph to be thus advised. It isNineteenth and Twenty-first wards, the committee not having determined whom to recommend for these wards.In another place will be found an interesting ac- count of the taking of the oath of fealty by her Im- perial Highness the Princess Donna Isabel, heiress to toe Brazilian throne, an event of considerableimportance to all the parties immediately con- cerned. The day upon which the ceremony took place was the,birthday of the Princess, who ha* jest entered her fifteenth year, having been born on the 29th of July, Met,, and is consequently nearly four and a half y**n younger than the illustrious Princedent It owes its position to being first in the field for nationality against sectionalism; for last year it fought and conquered under the banner of the Union and the constitution, against the Irrepressibles and recreant free soil Tammany Hall, led on by the semi-anti slavery Journal of Commerce. It signally defeated them both.The beet thing decrepit *old Tammany can now do is to strike of three or four of the no- minees from it* ticket, and replace them by the names pat forth by Mozart Hall. It cannot hope to carry a single man; and the only waythe last session—which might well be called aninvestigating session, for Congress did little of the productions and supplies of half aof Wales, born in November, 1841, who is now to save itself from being drowned in the waves agitating the Northern limit of the great Americancontinent, while his fair cousin is causing a little of the coming contest is to hold fast by the aenaation and an object of observation in the skirts of the vigorous young democracy of Mo-f°^Z' 9 M m l « » t « * R y agree with the orator zart HalL Nothing can exhibit its imbecilityutter disregard of all principle and decency,which the evidence before that committee fast-1ened upon the newspapers and politicians ofthe Key Stone State, is almost without parallel. Nor was the exposure confined to one party alone—it showed all parties to be alike rotten and corrupttion to the English flag. He tells us that before foreigners can embark in the coasting trade of England they must come and live in her ports. Now the English flag would be as good as domesticated in our ports if they were open to it We have the seafaring communities of New Brunswick and Nova Scotia at one end of our coast lines, qf Bermuda opposite the mid- dle, and oi Nassau off Florida. Open our coasting trade to them, and where does Mr. Lindsay propose to find an offset for the boon? The California trade presents other difficulties; but first in importance is that of discriminating between the trade of different sections of our empire.shipping rotting at our wharves; and in theI shall find any reason to suspect that the n^- jorlty which the State of New York will gi)e for the republican candidateof the republican party.one of the most ultra men at the South, and we are prepared to hear violent language and ex- treme opinions from such a quarter; bat at the same time, we think that no one who reads his letter can fail to see that he does not writeNEW YORK HERALD, WED!3,SHEET.It has bean known for some timemercial and political. ef wuich evidences, toothe world could never fill;" and that, in sho: strong to be doubted for a moment, are fur- Mr. Seward, at the close of bis present termHall, €71 Broadw»r.— the coming election has been put on trial— tired list of such philosophical politiciansMission—American and Earopeaa Sys- tems ef Commerce auad DeiantetThe Hon. Mr. Lindsay, after opening his semi- diplomatic budget at Boston, has left the City of Notions and come to talk with our merchants about free trade and sailors' rights.We presume he has found out by this time that he comes at an inauspicious period to do any business in a public way here, and perhaps he may also have learned that he stands in the same category with the Hollanders, as expressed b>hia countryman Canning—In matters of commerce 'tis the fault of the Dutch To pfier too little and to ask for too much.and a temporary disruption of all social order, as well as disorganization of the commercial relations between the North and South, ssust be the result of the dominance of a faction which enters the field of contest on a basis of warfare against one section of the country. And in this light alone can the claims of Mr. Lincoln's party be considered. They do not shirk or dodge the issue.; hostility to Souther* institutions and the total abolition of slavery—which means death to the Southern States, death preceded by bloodshed and revolution—axe the battle airs echoed from every stump and every newspaper in th* service of the republican party. The South is not blind that it cannot see, nor deaf that it cannot hear, nor stupid that It cannot compre- hend all this. But it is not in the South that the mischief can be averted. With the conser- vative men of the North and Middle States it lies to put down this desperate faction whose triumph presages such dire results as are foreshadowed every day more and more inTBIPLE SHEET. be felt all over the country, If the conservative masses do not rise up in their might, and at the'sented to us.sion of the Artisans' Bank is but the commence- ment of a revulsion which we fear is about tosoon fallsintothe good old way of resigns ballot box in November next lay the foul spirit and hope, so we were soon given to unQf sectional despotism which Mr. Seward is stand that Mr. Seward, though grieve•aw Y«Bk« WtlaMit7( Oetnbar 3,1860.Th* BTowe.By the arrival of the North American at FattierPoint and the Canada off Cape Bace, we have Eu- ropean advices to the 2?.d nit., four days later than the account* received by the Glasgow.The news is important. The report of the de-feat of the Papal troop*, und«r Lamoriciere, by but as a speck of vapor in a tropical sky date for reelection to the Senate, and gave the Sardinians, is confirmed in every particular.heralding throughout the country, and which Mr.Lincoln is pledged to enthrone at Washingtonin the event of his election, like another Luciferin Pandemonium. The panic of yesterday is hour, that Mr. Seward would not b e a cIncluding the Irish brigade, capitulated. The ac-tion ia regarded a* a deeialve one. The war i*.vir- as in many former times, merely the turning with his first speech of his Western* tour tually at an end. Lamericiere, at last accounts, point of fortune for this political party or that: doubtless caught a new and inspiring glwas besieged and blockaded at Ancona, but It was the question involved is not whether this set of of the White House just beyond the rosyevery quarter of the South.It is the duty of every man who loves peacethought he would not protract a useless struggle. Garibaldi had demanded of Victor Emanuel the removal of devour and Parini from bis Cabinet, and a force of thirty thousand men to garrisonNaples. The King, however, without consulting bis Ministers, declined, declaring that he could notpoliticians shall command power and spoil or the other set, but whether the whole fabric of the Union is to be levelled; whether the consti- tution is to be ignored; whether the commercialof Lincoln's administration. # * Having made his appointed pilgrimage <a Kansas, as to "the Holy Land of ^Freedom "and with something, as he tells us,ble veneration with which a yearpower and spoil to resist the election of Lin- coln, and thereby avert the disasters which menace the country; and that duty must be performed by himself, and not through the poli- ticians, who are net to be trustedcomply with such strange pretensions from a man prosperity of the country is to be demolished; approached the Holy City of J<must necessarily be men Qf more brains thanthe usual run of diplomatists, and men ofpractical knowledge of affairs, Thus Ashbur-ton. an ex merchant, was sent over here someyears ago to cpar away the rubbish about theboundary and fisheries. Morerecently Cobden,a Manchester spinner,, went as a free lance toParis, and swept away a mass of old fashionedand useless stuff. What Mr. Lindsay can achievehere to-day is nothing at all, for we are In themidst of our quadrennial political revolution,and the administration is holding through whatwe here | consider as an interregnum in the one to guard against, and which can only towhose successes seem to mislead him. There would appear to be an almost irreconcilable breach between the revolutionary leader and the King.Seward turns bis face homeward!giving the Missourians in St Louis h sq|rinj the freedom of speech, he proceeds to Spi field, Illinois, the home of "Old Jtrain made but a brief halt there; 'kit theThere were reports in London of unfavorable Such are the questions depending for solu- pie were clamorous for a speech i W j the new* from China, bat nothing authentic had trans- tion upon the result of the present contest. tinguiahed Senator, who, after a little; pired. It will be remembered that the first news tional chat with "Old Abe," came foiof the British' disaster en the Peiho was received We see the first symptoms of danger in the ex- the platform and made a speech isith. a pthrough Russian sources, and the intelligence re- citement which visited this city yesterday; and or two in it worthy some especial no!It is stated that a manifesto by the Pope, an-nouncing hi* determination to withdraw from Rome, the American republic in internecine warfare. had already been prepared. ^ferred to was probably received by the same chan- nel.this is but the beginning of the end.If the bla&k republican party should beMr. Seward said, "The State of York will give a generous, Andgovernment They can do nothing, for they are soon to go out, and the new administration will not be in[position until the 4th of March next But Mr. Lindsay" can learn much, and go home a wiser than, able to prepare his friends for some future diplomatic filibuster expedition to this country.In hjs budget there are two classesof wares—those he offers to us and thosehe asks from us. And there is a remarksble it equality between the two> Underthe first head we class all such questionsas those5 of the liability of shipowners for col-averted by the defeat of Abraham Lincoln.To day we publish a letter from Mr. Keitt, of South Carolina, in which he sets forth the posi- tion in which the South would find itself in case of Lincoln's election, and openly pro- aouaces that disunion is the only alternative left the fifteen stave States, against which an undying warfare is proclaimed by the agitatorswhether we are to lire at peace as brethren united by a common interest and a single des- tiny, or to drag out a miserable termination toWe have laid before our readers for monta* past the expression of popular sentiment as we found it in every section of the country, and more particularly in the South. There is no mistaking its meaning. The success of the re- publican party will be but the signal for troubles and calamities which it becomes everyThe fund*, both in London and Paris, bad im-proved slightly on the receipt of the news of the elevated to power, and the programme of Lin* ful, and effective support to yofr iteigiSeward to retrace his steps. Bui [our enthiMr. W. S. Lindsay, MI P., whose name has be-* THE METROPOLITAN NoanNAnoics—THE STAB tic Senator next observes that N.&w York " -happy thing for the peace of Europe, for theThe truth ia that the country at this moment stands in a very dangerous place; and the sen- timents of Mr. Keitt, like those of Senatorsof securities at the Stock Exchange.come familiar to our readers in connection with 'OF MOZABT HALL or THE ASCE.VDAXT\—The re- sustain your distinguished neighbor, beca? se consolidation, of the new born institutions ofmore strikingly than its rejection of a tried andhmperor-of]Brazil on the store mentioned occa- able man like Joan Cochran, in the Sixth Con- The sympathies and manifestations ofHere was Forney, of the Press, to whomsome fifty thousand dollars had been given Inthe election of 1856, which was expended, noone knows how. It is true that it happenedthat he was then working for a man who madean excellent President; but we find him to-daydoing the very same thing for a candidatewhose election will entail discord and disasterupon the country, whose policy of warfare up-on the South must shatter all our commercialinterests and reduce our glorious system almost war by national ships or privateers. This is a to chaos. What can be thought or said of theto the Chamber of Deputies, who, in addressing the•iou, said that, whfle "fa, Europe, the Europe of gressional district As might be expected, such monarchies, monarchy waa tottering, in the Ameri- a course excites general indignation among thepublican party all point in this direction.this look like a suspension of the war uthe war must go on until freedom shall hroughout the Union? Is it not appof republic* monarchy was taking stronger*•**» i,»o a-"slave power? ' Has not Mr. Seward, inpeople, who are only waiting for an opportu-nity to crush out the nuisance. Its days are speech of this Western tour, proclaim*numbered. The next election will probably be* to* to** or the last of it Its only chance of surviving for P**** Thereceipu •»The great error, however, of Mr. Lindsay's began to show signs of a gathering storm. mission lies in his desire to put an end to the Prime donne looked "dark and cowld, like a seizure of private property at sea in time of short winter's day," as an Irish poet delight-(at the pons) h»« ranted another year is Its adoption of the ticket of Mo- he and Lincoln perfectly uaderstai lTo.coo ta lam mi uioco art Hail; for then everybody will not find out other? And what is the remedyr The*Moo now weak and effete the old corrupt hag hasfully observes. An equinoxial was threatened among the tenors, and distant thunder wo* heard from among the bassos and baritones. There was a financial crisis, likewise mysteri- ous bints as to a rupture of the entente ebr&vA* between the managers, and a cabal among the stockholders against Strakosch and in favor oflbsAnd how can he beof Lincoln,ta US9 become. But let her stand on tor own merits, the vote of New York; and her'popularwaa j and down she goes under the weight of her cor r Irruption, never to rise again.ft* the republican party, It is in such a t this city that* the leadersagainstConfident Senator's republican majority thousand.The friends of Mr. Seward, who ha' csnvasBiDg the State and warning him to their assistance, doubtlesscase better than himself. There ia alar majority in the State opposed to thetionary free negro programme: of themorality of men like Forney ? Then we have an example on the other aide, in the ease of Rice, of the Pennsylvanian, who testified that his paper had received a share of the spoil. Nor was it denied that almost every other paper throughout the length and breadth of Pennsyl- vania, of all parties, was tampered with, subsi- dized or bought out and out with money.There is no doubt that the farmers, and me-ibli- chanics, and merchants of Pennsylvania areamong the most respectable, industrious andincorruptible men of their class in anyState; of the Union; but, on the other5hand, the politicians and newspaper menaxe the most thoroughly corrupt greedy andone-sided proposition, in which all the advan-tage is on the side of the great EuropeanPowers, and the disadvantage on ours.We j have grown up In the world amighty Power without an army or navy,in the senses in which those arms aremaintained In Europe. We desire to make nowars of aggression, and for defence we relyupon the volunteer system on sea and land.At sea this can be used only through the pri-vateer system, and we must defend it so long prime donne must to kept apart and so a sepa-merely thatofi m_ m -hopeis turned intoupon their oars, in conservative partiest'llman and Maretzek, the latter always looming up, like a lighthouse in a storm, when there is any kind of a row going.on or about to be raised. Then there was a double company, and theV .* * .inNow that thatfratricidalfHpfl* and that union can party. It Is only necessar;} to com1 has become the order of" the dav toTU^vration of the "combined troup eand that is the way the mutter will probably eventuate. It has not yet vakeu place, although some ot the papers havej so stated. The whole affair is. as usual, enveloped in mystery, aal Its history has as many ^rsiocs as the Bible; butlican journals are frantic witttragnWritfa»w rise,was**M*4Jt^,ssri«as.sustexeats cule fusion much after the fashion of thefox majority in order to torn N<j»*ss*n*frrrtsttu wars steady, tad tolerably aettvs to Kagtu who cried "sour grape*!'to the ripoandoto*. Lincoln, These conservativeso,o» besaswefcombining, and with anyencouragement from PenMylvUniSj in Og£§ber,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069wounded by the remorseless Greeley, i lived, and had no idea of giving up the Thus the confidential Chevalier Webb im nantiy brushed away the idle rumor OfMr. Lindsay belongs to the class of freelances in diplomacy. Nobody is responsiblefor what they do, but everybody rejoices at thegood they achieve. They are specially hatedonly by the red tape diplomatists, withwhose set forms and precedent* they interferewoefully. These!freelances—we call them fili-busters on this side of the ocean—in diplomacyhave the special mission just now of clearingaway the rubbish of antiquated legislationwhich trammels commerce everywhere, and ofoverthrowing the idols which fallacy has erectedin the commercial policy of nations. They and the existence of the confederacy bettor thaihelped to elect him, by giving as large a t jorlty as can be given by any hat dozen States, then yo»« jeiU find that $m toffi ask exact less, frqm him, and support him faithfully, than any other State-eta do.17This declaration that New 'fork will ««r*k less" than any other State was made Insence of Mr. Lincoln, and a private d<the subject informs us that this was thecial point in Mr. Seward's speech on the sion. We construe it to mean that he d ask to be appointed to the Cabinet'of Abe."" but that he is looking ahead to the cession. From New York, at elrety stoj place all the way out to Kansas, the receptions which have marked this pilof Mr. Seward have been sufficient tohim in the belief that he is in reality thefc of his party, and that the way is clesj smooth before him for the high re1664 which slipped through his fingers in 1The "irrepressible conflict" thus loo into a palpable shape. Mr. Lincoln pare the way, and Mr. Seward himself, successor of Lincoln, is to finish, up thecertainly the only effectual barrier that he can oppose to the revolutionary tide that will sooner or later overwhelm him,Lincoln,notwithstanding ourvarious conservative factionsas nations are ruled by men and not by angels, and dynasties foster ambitious projects and hold great fleets with the power of blockade.was suggested;Untitled DocumentIthe Breckinridge s e n , there ought to ffe no »oint and the Canada off Cape Race, with threeays' later news, confirms the report of Gene-tion, AU sections of conserrattres w ^ i w a a t lto be on the winning side must attach'them- The Papal commander had shut himself up in •elves to Mosart Hall, as the centre of ^onser-1 Ancona, where he was besieged by General vatism. It was the original nucleus of t lation- Cialdini, and would no doubt be shortly com- allty In this city, and is now a peat par ly.has the prestige of success, and its vioorylast year is the earnest and the ptedgjj of ittriumph this taliW . H. Sewardl e w s .His Pilgrim*** Kepmblit» n CandidAteB-.o ft h aR a v o I a t t o *1 s t t h a'm o s tp o w e r f u ld e f e n c e .Mr . L l o d s a y w f l ln^questions that require to be looked at in TA* Pennsylvania, £lscUon oa Tuctday another light than as . a purely commercialNaxt. question. I"jOf all the investigations which occupied the Our coasting trade comprises relatively atime of the Congressional Committees during much larger portion of our commerce than doesconservative people of the country.A Punic 1st Irving Plsvce—Beth Opera Companlti 1st ia CrisisA few weeks ago, in the course of some com- ments upon the war between the rival Opera companies at the Academy of Music and Nible's Garden, we took occasion to say that the re- sult of the war could be nothing else than ruin- ous to both parties. Without pretending to be a prophet or the son of a prophet, we can still claim in this instance to have had a small glimpse into futurity. The martial Servadio, after a brief campaign of two weeks only, found his military chest entirely empty, and fellback upon the provinces, putting his trust in ^ Boston enthusiasm and State street bank notes. Like the late lamented Mr. William Walker, heleft some of his wounded on the field of battle, and the groans of the sufferers were distinctly heard above the dying walls of Medea and the shrieks of the trombones. However, this sus- pension is understood to be only temporary. Servadio kept his troops together, and made % successful descent on the modern Athens com- mencing operations at the Boston theatre caMonday.Meantime, the artistic skies of Irving place»more than exhibit the .dirty linen of all partiesto the public—there was not one which elicitedcontinent,, while that of England is limited to a few articles of domestic use. Wemore extraordinary developemento than the cele- have six thousand and England six hun-brated Covode Committee, as to the corruptionand meanness of the politicians and the press dred mites of coast line, and Mr. Lindsayof Pennsylvania. The amount of petty, miserly himself gives us a good reason why we shouldconduct the grasping after money, and the not open this immense line of. domestic naviga-F t o r t U n d , P m i d e * * ,But In tibe election to come off next Tuesday there is an issue set high above the range of theinfluence of mere politicians. It is a great popular issue which is to be decided between conservatism and revolution—between the re> presentatite of a disorganising aboUtioji fac- tion, whose success menaces every interest in the Union, and the representative of tiw con- servative element in the masses, which is in favor of peace, continued prosperity and com merciai greatness. In such a contest it be- comes the duty of the people of Pennsylvania to throw overboard all the politicians, despise their influence, renounce their admonitions, and voteforMr.Fosterasamatterofsafetyforthe country. We* do not counsel them to support Mr. Foster because he b a democrat—for the democratic party, for some years past, has fallen intodisgraceasdeepasanyotherpoliticalor- ganization—but because he represents the con- servative opposition to the republican party, the defeat of which in Pennsylvauia will place an obstacle in its path to power which, once attained, will insure results deplorable to contemplate.t a de v w r yThey send to able to learn during lis stay here that wec i t yi t sH«PmVUcnn Pnrty. > Every voice which reaches us from the South, whether it emanates from the press, from Use lips of the politician, or from the hearts of the people, is ringing with discontent anticipa-tion of coming evil, and a spirit of rristau rice to oppression in view of the probable success of the republican party at the Presidential elec- tion, and the elevation of Mr. Lincoln to tit* chief magistracy of the republic.However we may condemn the extreme opin- ions of the Southern secessionists, and deplore the lengths to which their orators and spokes- men go in propagating disunion principles, it It impossible to abut out of view the fact that the publicdeclarationsofMr.Lincoln,Mr.Seward and all the other agitators of the republican party are calculated to spread alarm through- out the South, and justify the people of that re- gioninftSft'TPJngadefensiveattitude. Neeis it possible to misunderstand the point to which the South must inevitably be driven should the'v republican party attain power to carry out thepolicy which its leaders openly pronounce to be its especial mission and purpose. Secesstoa or no secession, revolution or no revolution, nolight dues, the measurement of ships and theissuance of register to those built abroad. Inall of these matters, the adoption of simple andgeneral,regulations to guide, but not controlcommerce, will be very advantageous to allparties.I In them there is nothing of particularadvantage to us more than to England and theworld ia general. But under the other head Toombs and Stephens, to which we adverted Mr. Liudsay asks from ns certain concessions the other day, are but the indications of a which must be looked at in another light He storm which is certain to break upon us if the desire* us to throw open our coasting trade, in- sectional abolition party of Messrs. Lincoln cluding thaf to California, and to put an end to and Seward is not defeated at the poll* ia the seizure <A private property at sea. These are November by the overwhelming voice of thethat of England of hers, for It is the interchangeoccupy, in the event of the inauguration of such a policy as Seward, Lincoln and the other re- publican leaders proclaim, is hardly overdrawn, coming from the pen of a Southern fire-eater.Mr. Keitt is. perhaps, m i ltering fruit of the vinewhich hung beyond hiswhichcommerceexercises .overwww.fultonhistory.comrestraint*-' *- -» 4V~J. o.-Kiar^a which W8XThenations and rulers is held through the danger 