 4:M i >ii•r i 'Iit'I I'iJi..Markets.TH* LONDON MON'KY MARKET.[From the Liverpool times (City Article). Feb. 18 ]Offices, &c.4 Indian wars, Indemnities, annuities, treaties, ces-sions, ftc.5. Private claims of every imaginable description; andlast, though not least,fi. The spoils of tho public printing.This magnificent catalogue of lobby jobs involved netprofits to the lobby of thousands and millions of dollars."A superior man, sir—too young, perhaps, for th e to the Aster House slate programme baa disgusted the old politicians, and too popular. The President likes him,Tbenwst praJeotof•«<• la* aarai treaty lorWa most pay far the a4*dietj of then**poMlbiy far the coo»trae«t<ia of an rates,generallys> tba many subjecta comprised la tbe Budget, andneralities," and thank Caleb Cashing tor that brilliant Seward and the 'Irrepressible oeafflot' af tba black re- idea. In truth, the most costly jewels and the rarest todag ta oar difficulties abroat.. Jfcnetog Star, referring to Mr. Dneaae's oa tha Budget, says a decision adrerse to thea£wTpaleWir«4; cod, £36; pale Swtbara.iMias ; olive flr-Vbut notacttve; ChUUpott.on the.spot, £ W l t e ; Sicily. £6410*. a £55: Mogadore, £51 a <f 118*. A cargo of Messina sold at £53 for U te United kingdom, and o n edeetlna and fall of tbe lobby. Lin* tba gtory of Israel the glory of tbe lobby ha* departed, though not without a lingering hope of a glorious resurrection. But not now— not this side t h e Presidential election-not until the pre- sent or4er of things shall have passed away—not until «OM Buck" shall have boon soparaeded by W. H. Sew- ard, or some such available man, can we hope for the re-urn of the liberal reign and glorious carnival of the lobby. The lobby, (excepting the Florida war,) was b u t a starveling appendage o f Congress until lb* advent of aodbrilliant success of the Galpbin aad Gardns* claims, undertbe administrations o f Taylor an4 Fillmore, and of thagreat Illinois Central Railroad grant, under the beneficentadministration of "poor Pleroe." The acquisitions of ter-ritory resulting from the Mexican war, t h a discovery ofthe California gold mines, aad the grand epoch of univer-sal speculation, extravagance and corruption thus broughtupon the country exalted the Washington lobby irom thepublican*" wnithatde? "That will do."bricsoftbeloomsofLyons areher*completelythrown into the shade by the dazsling exhibition of sweet Moss aad beautiful white shoulders o f this grand array of cri- noline by which we a r e surrounded. W e stand bewil-very firm at 37s. 6d. a 38s. per cwtCLOVKRSBBD.—In the early part of the week some salesof new clover were made at 49s. a 5Cs., but at the pubUc 11,950 saleyesterday,atwhichatargequantitywasoffered,47s. 17,559 was the highest price obtained, at which only 75 bagssold, f o r yearling 38s. 64. a 39s. was made for about 100 bags good quality. Continued arrivals and advices of large shipments from America have alarmed holders. In London the market remains very quiet, English and Con- tinental seed being offering cheaper than American.TrnoTBY SKID.—86 bags have been sold at 36* a 35s. departments is £16406,287, showing an increase of fid. per cwt by auction yesterday.With much commending the 1Mb at February, gives the following results when compared with the previous w e e k -Public deposits Otherdeposits Bast£6,830,256 Increase 14.289,756 Decrease 3,488.604 Increase£526,033On the other side of the account:— Government securities£10,171,190 Unchanged. Other securities 21,084,139 Increase Notes unemployed 7,873,400 IncreaseHarry. But for the scores that have thus been hand-somely remembered there are hundreds who have beendisappointed. The House, too, is convinced that the com-pany is rich enough to support themselves—the bill fails,the company are s wamped, the line is stopped, and betweenSan Francisco and Australia "Britannia rules the wave*" stands his nomination would be a rebuke to the adminis-CAceaor rax AOOPBXT.All tbe walls of the church had, instead of being£22,923 424.700 Tbe amount of notes in circulation is £20,991,945, being a decrease of £368,565, and the stock of bullion In bothhave n o inclination that way. A great mistake. A s hato pieces, been partially undermined, snd tbaa means of levers, thown over or inwardly,£127,870.Thetransactions in bunion havebeenvery lightthisLIXSKKD CAXK.—Again rather dearer, 80 tons of good thinoblonghaving made £10a£10 2B.fid.;1,000bags decorticatedcottonseedcakemade£710s.a£712s.6d.Rica.—OfCarolina,260caskshavebeensoldat23s.64. forgoodold,andaahighas25s.9d.forgoodnew.ingarailroadlandgrantoftwoorthreemillionacres,aad otherjobs accordingto theirlobbycapacities,froman Indiantreatycoveringafewhundredthousandstoapri- vateclaimofeightortenthousands,allowingfromahalf to nine-tenthsotthe profitsto thelobby. Butallthese golden tunes have passed away. As the first grand tri-umphs of the lobby were the Galphin and Gardner claim*, sothefirstdeadlyblowstothelobbywereadministered in theexposure ofthese magnificent swindles. Next, therailroadlandgrantandpatentjobbing schemes whichreachedtheirzenithunder"poorPierce,"were brought to a sudden extinction under Mr. Buchanan. A n d soofahostofotherbrilliantlobbyjobs usuallycoveredestimated margin o f t w o o r three hundred thou- affair. The White House wa* taken by storm, and all the sanddollars. TOthehueandcryofthe independentnewspaperpresstothegreat financial revulsion of1867, gayworldwasthere. Itwas something like theorowd to the Congressional Investigating committees thus order- at an inauguration opening, or the turnout of a brightweek,aadpricesarewithoutchange. Someparcelshave beenagaintakenfromthebankforexport,butnottoany extentofImportance. Foreigngoldinbars(standard),perosButweareassuredthatMr.DouglasIsgainingstrength IntheSouth,withhislatespeechonJohnBrownandtho undergroundrailroadcompanies.Buchaaanwillbeforced,whether hewillorno,torun oncemore,andittathoughtsertotothatbewillbeelect- ed.inches. Alongthelowerpartofthewall, andjustasm thestonefoundation,thelaborers hadtakenoutarati bricks,towithinprobablytonfeet of assouthtrait ruination,anditwaswhilethethirteen underminingitthatittoppled overStiver to bars (standard), per oz Gold com, Portugal pieces, per ozAmericaneagles,peroz Doubloons,Patriot,perosDo. Spanish,peroz Napoleons,peros 10Guilderpieces,peros3 18 0 3168 .'..315 0 3170 3146 310 0TALLOW also very firm, at 00*. a SI* for fine North American.TheLondonmarketisalsoactiveat60s.a60s. fid.forP.Y.C.onthespot,theproposed removalofthe dutyhavinghadafavorableeffectparliamentary rule, and does not seem anxious to learn. Hetalaughedatratheroftener thanoughttobeagree- able. Hemayperhaps, however,belicked into shapeinsecurity seems to have bean the last thing tbotgat d Itstoodapartfromall others, andhadaoataman withotherwalls,eitheratideastor workofunderminingwastatnatamat nigbtiall wasnearly completed; tba*itawa* throughouttbeheavyrata*of Wednesdayaadtheart* windsofWednesdaynight,andprobablyhadsettledar*deal, a n d swayed eonsidernbly from a parfi "position without the fact being observed by tot whobadtheworktocharge. ThecontractorsatatPresident of tb e College, were, we understand, a a This cellar but a few minutes previous to the crash. MM Ms*mistrusted nothing. The laborers beganmistrustednothing. Thelaborersbegantoremovea* and oftheheadbrickswhichhadbeenleftandalmostimmediatelytheentire wallfell, barrageoar readers know, fourteen men In tbe rains. MTPW.THX DBAD-HOrsnAs before stated, the bodies, quickly sa exfaamti,twiSliver com, Mexican &South Amer. doUars.per oa.0 Spanish pillar dollars, per oz 0 South American dollars, per os 06 2 S 6 06 OXWAsmvGTon, Feb.22,1800.The President'i Last Levee, and*Some Account Thereof— A investigating committee, it will result to th e entire Justifi-cent. Tbe more satisfactory appearance of the moneymarket may be classed amongst the considerations imme-diatelyaffectingprices. Intheother departments oftheStockExchangethetendencywaslikewiseupwards.The demandedonIrish. Thesalesofnewamountto900bbls.,rates of discount in tbe open market are still declining The beet bills may now be negotiated at 3 \ per cent, or X below the book minimum. There were no operations Sa gold at the bank to-day.[From the London Times (City Article), Feb.1 7 ] The English funds opened steadily this morning at the Inn price of yesterday, and subsequently experienced afurtherImprovementofoneeighth, owingto a partial rallyoatoeParisBourse. Thedemand fordiscountto- day has again been moderate, and in the open market the bestshortpaperhasbeentakenatafraction below four parcentIntheforeignexchangestherewasnoaltera- tion of importance from the rates of last post.The failure of Smith, Searle & Co., commission mer- chants in the East India trade, was announced yesterday. Tbe liabilities are estimated at between £20,000 and £80,000.Tbe increase in the exports of 1859 over the previous yearis12percent,andIs1s percentmorethanin 1867, the moat active year ever known.comprising nearly all our recent imports, at 75s. a 79s.14*1. tbe*totUailquManUtity»sold e*tof T£«oh*AFFAIR! HI WMMBJOfBOtm.tiemoat be followed o f necessity by a dtaeoluof rsrttsaimt The division will probably not be of Taranto at £65, c. f. and i , for the Continent. Raaa.Secondly,then,yoahavevariouscandidates. Ishould deredwiththegloriousspectacle,orwalka*toadream.aifiel his intention o f presiding at the dinner o f the v o - matoer officers to be given on the 7th ol March.nothe graceful, and the fat and dumpy—we have every va- riety of beauty here, and some, shall w e say it, that are classed with any variety of beauty. But if they are not handsome they are interesting, or good, or have some-Parisjat one sous, seine answer of the French government Of 210 bags, haif sold at 4d. per lb. for fair qualtty. Cassia Lignea—80 boxes at auction were bought in at 106s. forto the Pope's encyclical letter. second and 107s. for first pile. Mace has advanced fully The republican party m the Corps LttjislstiT of France 6d. per lb.; 9 cases sold at Is. 4d. a Is. 6d. for ordinary wiD support the treaty o f commerce against t h e protec dark: 2 s a2s. 2d. tor middling, a n d 3s. 4d. for fine pale bright Nutmegs have also sold a t 6 d . advance; 94. a The Duke of Cambridge, Commander in Chief has sig- lOd. for ordinary limed: is 7d. a 2s. 3d.for ordinary andpower of Congress. Thus, under Mr. Pierce's favorable administration, the lobby rose to th e dignity of the third estate; and its anointed chief, Orsamus Benajah Matteson, revelled i n t h e luxurious anticipations o f t h e imperial riches of a Cardinal Wolsey. And those ware among the grand schedules of the magnificent jobs of the lobby:—1. Railroad land grants and grants of land to canal and river improvementa.run straight through to the Pacific. That, too, was t h e Hon—Poor Pierce—Douglas, SlideU, Hunter, Wise,middling, and 2s 94. for middling bold to good middling SIGAKateady but uot active. Of BriUsti West India 2,890 Uhds. have been s o i l , iucluding at auction 378 hhds. tbe Biahop of Orleans is announced to commence on the Barbados from 37s a 44s. fid, and 210 hhds Berbice, crystauzed yellow from 4Bs. a 48s., and brown from 37s. 6d. a 418. 8.C86 bags Mauritius were chiefly disposed of at Arm prices, 87s. 6d. a 4la. 3d. for low middling to good brown, 42s. for low middling dry grey, 42s. a 43s. 6d for low middling to good middling dry yellow, and 463 64. a 46s. 6d. for middling to good crystalizei. 2,634 bags Ben- gal were mostly withdrawn above the value; a few lotsDo you suppose, then, that Davis will be the Charleston metropolis. They misrepresent the stoto o f feeling hereTbe action for libel brought b y the Paris Siecle against 1st of March.2. Patent monopoly extensions.nominee?"No, sir; I do not say that; but the administration willnot stand in his way." But,then,therearetwoorthreecandidatesintheCabinet—Mr. Cobb, Mr. Thompson, M r. Black, Mr. Hilt, and"Stop, m y friend. They must look out for themselves." And tbe Vice President?altogether. With regard to tbe Presidency, every one in political circles is well aware that the question of nomina- tionsIsascompletelybemuddledasitwell canbe,both in the democratic and in the republican camp. The re- publicans are divided into the most irreconcilable factions. Tbe blundering pertinacity of Weed to adhering so longThe mails from Calcutta aad China left Dover at two o'clock this morning.3. jobsSteamship f o r publiccontracts, buildings,sites suchf o rfortifications,~ ***•* ***•*» ***** ;?^^**r T w a T a W r *by exporters, aad therosmtarterared with October i>-B*ogal 44.a64.sale The prices•sssgaHBu Mtaartestoawa be a anal far MTZZT guestofMiesLane,and,then,therearesomefair Philaoai tbaparty,aadopenthatbreadaattoaal state*,•team nary. H e woaid b e a bo*i who. vita each a minister as Lord Pita ta iaiilsri against tbe puetibilitytba aext six months, a s to the cam marsal la a huaemattag sense o f oar having come with oooatUerabiy the want OfTbe Loadoe tmes says ao one expected the comaereial treaty, aad Ma eoaomaHant meaaaret, to pass without re- rami, bat tbe weapon baa y e t to be forged that abaft de- stroy it. tttanotmetby tbaeoaaieof negatives of which Mr. Decent* amendment coasiate, which in tftls instance ajMirisi t a make up "an amrmatlre b y coatm-iicting o n e Mother. Mr. Gladstone, in his letter to Mr Ul?na, ad- sans Mi proposals to be not yet in their Arm shape This ll still more tba case with the commercial treaty. Mr. Daeaae'a leaetattoa (could we suppose it su&MMful) waold prerent tb a rail consBeratton we d<?tire to seesurvived tba painty day* of the lobby—wa ara In tba aora ildbemdeeplanaasIntoalong financial straggleat Oua.-FM»:spermisdearer;woqaoto dnartcaa m andyellowteafofthelobby, aodwocanonlymourntbaror anb/eiaf kteos; 2d. add. lac6d. for shipping; 2d. for coasumuag. ~ — —advance Of 6*0 aeraaa Guatemala at taction about twe- tiards ttria at 34. a 64. advance oa October rates; ardt- itar} to fiaeSobreafa.fid.afie.fid.;law ta faad Cortea aa fid ate. fid. .„•.-_ . wIto*steady. Bailsaodbars£510s.a£8 lte,t o.b. tn Waifs. Scotch pica fits. fid. a 60s 9d. far sabMd N oa.,who have tha ins and oats of tba Pre*pbians, and lovely BslttoMreaaa; Collector ScheU, for to- stance.haaabraeeof these last aimed ia oharg* Bat mere nss very seiaoni oeen tinoWwii i i i i g w , u ever wetore,of thabended to tbesanaral a ^ » «r w .. . . T ^ * * * *of eM Mon Clydea. steadyBombay oa tba spat aoJto at 12s., aadUemen," but even a majority o f the House are ed here also by their wives and children.The painstaking Mr. JenkinsLanaaBat49s aMs. Cafcuttafor « « * , • [ « *Calcutta al..,.Hta- K — Several cargoes of Mack. Sea aadWell,sir,willtheConventionbe abletoagree upon a platform and a ticket harmoakmslytTiRnmiNK.— A moderate business h a s been done inLABDveryfirm:sales80tansat58s.a60s. forgoodto 0 6 2 S finePenningtontonotdtattogutahtoghimselfasSpeaker.Heis doing rather the opposite. H e ta utterly ignorant of taken against an accident b y "shoring" the watt, M b£3179toe. Importersgenerallyareanxioustomeettheviews Tbe funds were steady. Consols advanced 3-16 per of buyers. London market steady for India and IndiaGroat Gathering and s Glorious Time—Facts, Fancies and Philosophical Observations* and Nothing About Politics.[FromtheDailyNews(CityArticle,)Feb.IT.]NBW YORK HBRALD, MOPPAT, MABGH 5, IflW.-1i.,includmgbaas.Severalcargoesof donmiMiPiiaMjaMaVr,miA i a c t 04 , delivered, for tba UnitedAzov sold at 50s. 34. a>toloedoabaabeen52,455quarters, mi a*ammnm+-» WM* Omf*1t*S*mr"They wilLform, with tba simple ohaage ef a refaraaoa of tba slaverythe books of poetical quotations, aad Ma technicalities of the 4ressmakers in his specifications of the imperial M rs. Jones, the bouncing widow 8priggins, the lily of the vsJKingdom. Import Intoagatast 91,660 quarters last year.rtimlMiaUtltol+mUmmimmmmtm._•»,•••*h .M been paid for best bag cake, and JEM 7afid for beat obtonggood Cossipore brought 47s., and some tine syrups 46s Of 3,866 bags Native Madras a portion found buyers at 32s. a 32B. fid. for good middling brown, and 33s. 6d. a 35s. for low to good middling 524 bags Penang sold a t 36s. 6d. a 41s. for middling brown to ditto yellow, and 41s 6d. for middling yellow. 211 bags Natal sold at 40s.fid. a 44s. for good brown to good mtddling grocery yellow."Wise ! You don't suppose that Wise has a show, do you ? Has h e n o t given Douglas tbe go-by on squatter question of Savoy and Italy, have had a depressing influ- Foreign: 1,253 boxes Havana sold at 43s. 6d a 46s. for intrinsic merits as a public measure, noryet upon the sovereignty? Have the New York softs forgotten tha goodmid.tofinesoftyellow;6,563bagswhiteSiammeta partydivisionsof eitherhouse,butupontheliberalityof Donnelly letter? Besides, wasthereeversuchafoolish ready sale at very firm prices, 44s. 6d. a 46s. 6d. for mid. fuss got up as that raised by Gov. Wise over Old Brown ? to good, and 4*s. fid. for fine; 6,406 bsgs clayed Manila the oily appliances of the lobby. And they were libera! It was a fair occasion for some good Presidential capital; were bought in at high prices. Privately, 8,000 bags un- In the extreme. Take a few specimens. Toward the close but Wise really did run th e thing into the ground. ThatThe money market is rather quieter than during the last few days, still there is a good demand in Lombard street, which is met with more freedom at about the bank minimum. At the bank itself the applications are consid- erable. T h e tendency, however, is towards a condition ofin spite of bis leanings to Douglas. Good chance for Breckinridge, however, because of his sympathy for Douglas. Should Douglas be shelved, Breckinridge will serve a s a peacemaker with the Douglas men better than any other man.''Better than Wise ?anti Seward faction to that point that his nomination ta considered to be an utter impossibility. Bates has no chance, andI am notinclinedtothink that aNew England man can be made to go down; but Ca- meron stock, on the whole, stands well, on tbe principle that an adroit trimmer of the Jefferson Brick school—can rally around h im more of the floating ele- mentsofthecommunity thanevenaquasiconservative oppositionistThe democratic party are not only at sea, but they in-Every great scheme, laad grant, patent job, steamship steady. The number of Indian and other securities which Privately, 500 bags good grainy Bengal nave been pur- line, Indian job, private claim, or printing plunder, wasThe market for 3ri:ish securities has been rather un-have entered into competition with the funds, and a vague chased at 468., and 4.CO0 bags Madras Jaggerysenseofuneasinesswhichcontinuestoprevailuponthe at3ts.,andmid.browntodittoyellownative32s.a34s. treatedasagreatgameofchance,dependentnotuponitsenceonthemarket. Monday'sreductionof XP*r ceo*was fully regained on Tuesday. On Wednesday consolsclosed at a fall of X- Yesterday (16th) consols were rather inactive; they opened at 94X a M S . advanced toMX"buyers,''andclosedat949-16a941116fortheac-clayedManila(soldat32s.a33s./orlowtogoodmid.;ofMr.Fillmore'stermofofficeIntheWhiteHouse,therelettertothePresident,too,gotfortheGovernoralessontendtoremainso.Thewords"themostavailablecan-andrevoltingspectacle.Brains,piecesofskulb1,000 bags mid. clayed diito at 39s ;'120 hhds. Martinique on State rights which laid him out. But the strongest ob- *«u»,**,sn count,andMX***Xformoney.Exchequerbillswereat39s.a40s.6d,andacargoof1,895basketsNo.13towasaprivategentlemanflourishinginthiscity,onascalejectionagainstGov-WiseIsthatheissoapttoflyoffthedidate"arepoliticallyfashionable,andwillbesoforonescatteredabouthereandthere,andthebodies13X Java, just arrived, at 46s. 64., landed here.last quoted 23s. a 26a.; bank stock, K9 a 231; the three far cents, MX A M S - Indian, 103X » 103V Today •b) consolswerefirmer,butvery little doing. They MMMJs«tM%,X•Xbuyers,andclosedat94\,aXforwere so mashed and disfigured as to precludesince the lOthinrt.—, Far Money . , far Account ,136s.TIRPKMTX*.—Rough ia held at 10*. without business.comers, but limited i n its gratuitous supplies t o liquorsand segars.Certain itta that he pretends to be aware of a conspiracyof two years' standing, of which the principals are Jeffer- sonDivis,CalebCashing,JamesGuthrie,ofKentucky;identifiedbyawomancloseathanda*beingthata*aKb. Lotefii. Highest. Cluing. Lowe*. Highest. Cloting.Spirits—A large business done on the spot and to arrive Sat.11...MXM*MXMSMSMSat87s.,aad37s.fid.a38s.Isnowaskedforarrival. sure."MOB. 13 M UTues.14.MHMS MS 94* MX MS MSMS MS MX MS 91X MS MS: MS MV,WAKIT1KLD, NASH AND COMPANY'SCIRCULAR. LivgRPOOL,Feb. 17, I860.And thatlate season-hrsband. As it was borne away aba threw here* a s the corpse and clungto it with the greatest tense*},a whole time giving vertto the moat unbounded grief •able conservative Southern speech of h i s in tho Senate i s Biur. H...MS MS MS' MS MS MS Cone-!*—Thedemandallthe week hasbeenonamod- TomandHarry,whowerekept in blissful ignoranceof doinggood service amongNorthernmen. ButWisehasWed. U...94VFri. IT... MX MS MS MS MX MV erate scale, but holders have not been pressing their the superior establishment provided for wbat the good old The scrip of the New Canadian Ave per cent loan was stocks on the market, and prices remain unaltered from aristocrat of the federalist school would call "tbe better lastquoted2to2<ipreminm,andthepaidupbonis,thisdayweek,exceptforthelowergradeswhicharesort."Andwhatwasallthisfor?Apatentprivilege, l-16d.aS'd-easier. WequotemiddlingOrleans6Xd,mi1- whichthememberofCongressfreshfromtberural dis-Presidenthasaveryhigh opinion ofHunter,forbehas well;''sothatIthinkwemaybesafetopronouncingthe never been found wanting when b is services have been scheme absurd. If success ul, it would be detestable^ghastlysmilewasperceptibleaboutherlip.aadbaratwas lustreless, and wandered in frensy from object a * ject. She muttered incoherent sentences, aad <anon would pause snd fold her hands to heaves, « f i prayer. At dusk last evening she wa* a maniac—tot m fulrealityofthedaywastoomuchforher.~" ' iter a saw10»0.* to,. X-The foreign stock market has, on the wbole, been quietMexican baa improved, and shows firmness at the ad- which speculators took 3,610, exporters 5,900, leaving to vance, latest sales are thus recorded—Six per cent the trade 41,660 bales.tricts would suppose to be hardly worth the lobby expen- diture of an oyster supper for twenty men.Another case. Tbe gentleman has his rooms at one o f our great hotels. His liberality is that of a Russian prince inParis.Athousanddollarsaweekforbishotelbills alone would hardly cover his expenditures. And h e has a hostoflesserlightsnnderpay,anyoneof thefirsthalf dozen of whom draws from him immediate contributions of hundreds and thousands, with a contingent interest of tens ofthousands. Andallin behalf of abillfortheex-Buenos Ay res deferred, 22 X: six per cent Chilian, 104 S ; three per cent Mexican, account, February 29, 2 1 S to S i four and a half per cent Peruvian, account, February 29, MS; Venezuela. 27 to 0S-Senator Lane ta a favorite in a rather limited circle,have come forward freely In the London market. A largeproportion is for small amounts, which are evidently takenfor Mas fide investment. Stock was consequently de-cidedly scarce at the close of the settlement on the 14th,and the dealers in some descriptions seemed lo be scarce-lyabletoprovidesufficienttofulfiltheirengagements. spiritsat36s.a30s.fid.,bothonthespotandtoarrive.Tbe return from the Bank of England for the week end- Sales reach 300 barrels The Iondon market has beenpire.And yet another. Messrs. Smith, Johnson, Jones & Co.have established a line of steamers between San Fran- cisco and Australia. But t h e British government h a s e s - tablished a rival line, against which Messrs. Smith, John- son, Jones & Co. cannot compete without t b e support of Congress. They apply for a subsidy of half a million for the transportation of the mail* They como to Washington The lobby swarms around them. Smith, Johnson, Jones h Oo. are taken captive by the lobby. They spend half a million among the lobby, including Tom, Dick andtration; and we have seen enough of the democratic par- From these specimen bricks, the readers of the HSKAUD ty of this Congress, in both houses, to perceive that tbewillbeenabledtocomprehendthelobbyoperationsinvolv- administrationwillbeendorsedatCharleston."dliag Uplands6 716d. a \>L; middling Mobiles Sd.all-164.required to defend t b e measures, expenditures and esti-mates e f t h e administration. With t h e administrationfavorably disposed, and with t h e HSRALD a t his back, Hunterusastrongman.But,sir,thiswholebusinessandthereisnomannerofdoubtthathetaacandidatefor dependsupon thedisposition that maybemadeofoneother man."And that man is——"Mr. Douglas! H e i s the Little Giant In the path of allthe rest; but for that very reason they are all the more likely to combine and crush him, just as was done tn the case of Martin Van Buren to 1844. He had a majority in that Convention, but the two thirds rule was applied and be was defeated. Tbe rule holds good. It cannot b e safely repealed. It will stand. But as the majority car- ries the platform, and as tbe platform in this case will be the first business, the Douglas men may be strong enough to carry i t But that will not help him; for the real diffi- culty with Douglas, Is Douglas himself. H e would have aomany accounts to settle if elected,against thisman, thatmanand theether,that theywillfindittheircom mon object to rule him off."Imports this week 49,767 bales; total sales 50,970, ofand I only give you what I have heard on th e authority from which I have derived it.Asms—A considerable.and a further improvement realized, the sales reach 600businessh a sagainbeen done,tbePresidency.Hisveryelaboratebowtasufficientproofof the fact. It is more elegant than his English. Sociallyhe is admired; but officeholders need n o t take pains t ocurry favor with him for future tenure of their position*.I would not dare to Bay the same of Braakinridge. Hawins golden opinions from all classes, and ta aa popularas Absalom under King David, without t h e same lengthof hair or the same danger from another Job. Hunter hasnational strength, but is personally disliked on account ofhis coldness. Wise would b e stronger If h e ware n o treported to have an unpopular elemeat of support fromyour State, which has not exhibited itself favorably herelately. A strong and by no mesas unsuccessful etort ha*been making to concentrate strength upon Hon. James ABayard, Senator from Delaware. Hetarepresentedas ofJe6us(Jesu«a)havedpossessing great natural powers, as being a clear logician for the tamiliea of the itemstad At all and an accomplished lawyer; but it Is also stated that his Catholic churches of the city there wiU also bebarrels at 29s. a 31s. 64. for pots, and 34s. a 35s. for pearls.One o f the killed, a young m a n from BrownOhio, had just been employed—scarce an hour had earnfrom the time of his setting to work before his death fcame to this city for the purpose of studying bootta tog,andcompletedacourseofinstructionsatoneofI r,waitI colleges tost week; being without friends and MMmoney, be availed himself o f a a opportunity o f goatwork as a laborer.Under the influence of the increase in the traffic anddividends, and of a belief that railway finance is happily purifiedoftheoldabuses,investorsinrailwaypropertytalltransactionsinPhiladelphiaat8s.fid.s9s.forcoarsetensionofanotherpatentmonopolywhichisabouttoex-QIKRCTTBOS BARK—The business is confined to a few re-ground.Roan.—The business this week h a s been small, only2,000 barrels, consisting almost entirely of common,at 4s. 6d., and low medium at 5s. a A*, per cwt.With the exception of the above mentioned, ail t h i n ties were married and leave families, who era to " abject circumstances, depending upon theof a dollar a day for suTBEET.—Thesalesthisweekhavebeenlarge,1,300tees.,butatafurtherdecline, especiallyon those under90s.:Alburger'sI.M.hasrealized120*.tnretail, Robinsonand upinthefagendamendmentsof tbeappropriation bills. Oviatt'a96sa97s.6d.Drake'sextraP.M.,87s.fid,Wil-TheyhavebeenstoppedbyMr.Buchanan. roy's82a.fid.Somevery good P.M.made91s.3d.perAnattempthasbeenmadetocreatetroubletotbaTrea- suryDepartment with regard totbe newcontractsfor yourpublicstores. Somuch the better. If theretaanmess, the former scarce and wanted, but anything secon- dary unsaleable.PORKhasbeeninmore request owingto thealvance4a.,nominal.Doubloons—Spanish77s.fid.,SouthAmeri- Considerableuneasinesshasprevailedduringthepastcarnivalofthelobby. aaa 76a. fortnight, both in political and commercial circles, in con•amour STOCKS.—There has been more business gtquence of the uncertainty which seems to exist withregard to the affairs on the Continent, which at one Umeappeared to be highly satisfactory, but the reported de-Rice, of Philadelphia, to be executed by him until furtherduring tba last week. United States 6's at 97 a 98, do. 5's have baas done at 92, and sellers at 9 2 s A Urge sale of Massachusetts Eastern Railroad bonus 5's, principal payable in the United States, interest at is. 2d per dollar here, bare been made at 88, aad an amount of MarylandWASHIHOTOW, Feb. 21, I860.of aUnder th e caij of the several States, of the last two days, for bills, resolutions, Ac., a mass of work has been0. Thomas Savers, resided on Eighth street, Broadway and Sycamore; aged twenty sixnixedtogoodbright.2s.lid.a3slid.: *»,Mddhngtogoodbold,4s.a4s.M.;Mexicanblack, J*-»8a.M.;aavar,3».4d. a 3s. 5dChancelloroftheExchequerinannouncinghisbudget aadofplacingthetreatyofcommerce between England* and France before tb e public, served to Increase theTariffprotection,variousbillsandresolutions. KansasadmissionintotheUnion,abill.Homesteads to actual settlers on public lands, several Preemptioatoactualsettlers,abill.French spoliation (five millions), a bill. Pensionstosoldiersof1812,Ac,severalbillsRivers andharbors, several Isolated bills Polygamy,forsuppressionofinUtah,areeonttonofIn-quiry.Tobacco, resolution hi reference to Reciorocltv trealvetoment,tfyouplease,whtohmovesabout bTtbTaur-taken,theprincipalinthismatterwasegregtouslytaken toanddonetorbythaagent,whoknewthevalueoftba Job.Gov Harris,ofTennessee,anMSi * » j^f*- etolaaatatajitotheHouseof"following totter from MajorSort*JMMSTSTT-^"- MU-OWNewYork SeventhESael^SiJ!!"** * fi^ •••••*<» to town, and Drougbt m many strangers, and benoe this unprecedented*» «d»oora J houses of Oiograss " "Oh! they have boonpeadtog Presidential campaign,acceptwithgreatsatta- nctton the result of the late Pennsylvania Damocrattc State Convention. Members of the party from Pennsyl- ranto, well informed open she subject, aasurwhatever the Philadelphia Press may say to th e theprooeediagsof theand nothing leas than the reunion of the party, the great, yjjjfeffJJ»Jm?^ taaaM»*•»*«M£16 a £10 10a. M r oMfiUMn to£1716*. a £18 tor fair to good have taken place.Private!/oo*.uttaa^si 'mmsfr aaattvj j isaaaaam * _ M ^ ^ mmifa fM lf •\ » *of Mwt Iadta, waHB brought to aPrm>A4termination of France to annex Savoy, on Its becoming known, caused great apprehension that w e should be drawn into a continental war; other circumstances have combined to make things more unsettled. At the date ofdred thousand shows that the former are quite ready to meet with the latter on this common ground of demo- cratic "liberty, equality and fraternity." in otherestablishing the prices thereof, andfor other ourpoaee " approved August 26, 1862, snd of any other aot or acts of Congress relating to the same.11. Thomas '.About M 0 bags sold at 47s. for good anxiety already felt O n Friday evening Mr. GladstoneOf course the President could have nothing to do with tog against removing tbe raw--" - r—— i r a r**reyTrinidad, aadMB. a88a.fid.proposedtotbeHouseofCommons oneofthamoat com- prehensive budgets that has been laid before it since the daysofSirRPeel,andalthoughtherearesomepoints which will requireto be modified, on thewhole, it must be repaired b y tbe commercial community aa the only one of late years wherein it is attempted to reduce expenditure and give a great Impetus t o trade in general. Meetings have been held in various parts of tba country to appeal against some items affecting particular Interests, but in the absence of any factional spirit In tba opposition party, ao K rsaisiaaoi • likeiy to b e shown towards it, if, a sSSLS!?.!?*^*P«».Andhowbecoming,tohisthistransaction. Heauthorisedthe appointmentofRiceIslittledoubt, theChancellorshouldevinceareadi- to listen to any practical objection aad make certain whilst adhering in the main to his principle.of expenditures which might Justify tbe suspicion that he was "the manmade ofmoney.'' Heocenpied two houses- one bisfamily residence, a princelyestablishment,theseal b ytbe iniide track thus far in Virginia, and if Hunter sannotbeat Wise In his own State, be may have to haul off. T h a to tbe top notch in the Convention. "All* well that ends away, but heeded not the caressing kindness of fries*, i * the e*Tbe decided by"brag" or "poker,"Douglaswouldwin •MMMaat.andatMXaXformoneyExchequerbills TALLOWflatStPetersburgY.C.onthespot60*.,Aprildoorsofwhichwereonlyopenedtoofficialcharacters,paignforGovernor.Butforallthis,Wiseisaskyrocket;thegame;buttheoldstagersofpartyarenottobetokencriessndprayers,franticejacntattoos,and,tasea*TtA.—Theteamarketisquiet,but firm. CommonCon- gouIs.6So P*rpound.edtotheground,andbytheir ptteoui walltngt,•W n B q u o t e d 23s. a 26s.; bank stock, 229 a 231, three to June 66s., and last three months 53s.pVoeata. MX » 95: *nd Indian, 103S a 103\. Tis—English steady: blocks 138s.; bars 187s.; refined and people of iniiuence and high standing la society. H isThe tollowing table will show the fluctuations in consols 138a Foreign quiet: Straits 130s. a 131s.; Bancs 136s. a other establishment was a *'free and easy," open to a llup h e goes, and fizz, wh'.zz, bang! h e explodes in a shower of colored fires, and he is out Ask the democrats of the House and of the Senate, and they will tell you that Wise won't d o for these ticklish times. They are afraid that h e would write letters enough to swamp the party, even if his election, when nominated, should be perfectlyto by auguries or prognostications. If the "Little Giant'ihimself ta to b e believed, he bas more fears of Pierce-no one else than poor Pierce—than of any other rival.the moat terrible suspense, all formed a pageant of • row and desolation that we hope never again is IThe bodies were removed fast, as the work ofring proceeded, to a subterranean apartment of i t t Xavter school, a building adjoining. Thefirsteat from out the crumbling msas of brick and mortalThus the gentleman In question avoided the "irrepressi- ble conflict" which would have resulted from the opening his house to Tom. Dick and Harry, "and secured at the same time thegood will and assistance of Dick,How, then, will Hunter do ?Even t h e Congressional printing, which, with t h ewastefully Illustrated books of thevarious PacificRailroad explorations, w a s b u t lately a million o rmore per year, ii now reduced to a pitiful The President's reception tost evening was a greatcation of the Secretary of the Treasury, of your Collector andofthecontractors. Thetroublearise*exclusively from some discharged employes, from th e appraisers to one or two rather refractory departments, and from soma rotten outside politicians. The report o f merchants a n d thesummingupof expanses attheendofthe quarterta altogetherinfavorofthechargewhich Mr.Cobb made some months since.Much discontent prevails, not only among democratic but also among republican members of tbe House, at tba displacement of the Hon. John Cochrane from the positionper barrel. Some transactions have taken place in old ed, and to the disclosures of the bold and shameless a p - New Year's day. The accumulation of carriages in front at 49s. a 60s.. at which there are gull gome sellers. In pliances of the lobby thus brought about, and to the re-1/mcon good brands of new are also in better request, and tbe market firm for all kinds.solute anti lobby policy of Mr. Buchanan, the country i s of the mansion w a s a blockade which produced many indebted for the prostration of this late powerful institu- amusing exchanges of compliment between irate coach-taken to what may well b e termed a dead-man, as of Chairman of the Committee on Commerce. Heta re- ranged side by sideto moat horrible array. B amissBACOMcontinues in good demand at full prices: C. cut Is saleable at 47s. a 48s. 64.; long middles, 49s. a 51s.; bone- less,53s.percwt. Themarket inLondon hasalsoim- proved,andafurtheradvanceInmostcasesdemanded.tion of spoils and plunder—the lobby.Wecanrealizethestraitsintowhichittsdriven from the tremendous pressure upon thenewofficersofthe House for the paltry subordinate places withm their gift,men and indignant hackdrivers, and not to the choicest parliamentarylanguage. Tbepress atthedoorforan hour,goingin, wasdangeroustotallmen with bigfeetcognised as one of the most statesmanlike and probably the most industrious member of the House of Represen- tatives. Tohispersonalpopularity,andalsototheridi- culousattacks upon himbytbeDaily Newtofyourcity, ta mainly attributable th e unpopularity to Washington ofthe otherwise shrewd sadsagacious individualwhothat the most distressing scenes of was war* to M am Friendsweektog friends, wives after htthtata, aadabM- renafterparents,were admittedonebyone,atiatM mangledbodiesof thedeadwereexposed,8bsetam dertul that agonising scenes were theomseanjast Scarcelyanyofthedeadcouldberecognisedton*MM features; it was by clothing, or some other rtattatosrti marks, that they were distinguished.LIST o r rax DLLBDOur reporters made' diligent inquiries, bat could s iascertain that any others, save those tiled, were injure! The following is a list of the killed - . 1. Timothy Sullivan, resided at theooraar of SatttfiCHKSSK.—The recent imports have all been bonded b yimporters,as,ifthebudgetpasses,ofthereiseverypro andfromtheabsenceofnearlyallthegreatguns of the andtolittlewomenwithextensive headdresses ofartifi-babilitythedutywillcomeoff.Wehave,conse- quently, but few transactions to notice.The weather has been more seasonable since our re- port of Tuesday. Our gram market shows no ne«r fea- ture. Farmers still supply the markets largely with wheat, which prevents any permanent improvement in price. Indian corn has been firmly held, the consumptive de- mand increasing both in Ireland and here.Deliveries of wneat from our own farmers for the past week,consistof111,617qrs., against 120.103same weeklobbyfromthascene ofaction. Theyarenothere,be-cause they are no. wanted; they are not wanted, becausethey have been found out, because the treasury it empty,because eld Buck still stands in the way, and because as the levee opened at eight and closed at ten, to the good were more guided b y Cochrane* advice and counsel thanTbeprospectushadbeenissued ofthe Union DiscountCompany, with a capital of £250,000. The object Is to last year: average price this year 43s. 6d. against 40s. 4d. lobby is below par. N o Pacific Railroad bill will b efamily. _^_2. Patrick Gallagher, an ex policeman of the &xu tart, resided on Third street, between Mill and Stoat; aftatoVyears—leaves a wife snd two children.8. Timothy Shay, resided at tbe comer of OuisMI anaBroadway; aged forty two years—leaves a was atia* children. ,^4. Daniel Brady, resided on Eighth street, near I s * ; thirty-oneyearsold—leavesawifeandoeechild.6. John Dutley, resided on Eighth street, seaiMoi aged thirty nine years—leaves a wife and two chiM*8, James Keamen, resided ia Brown county, Otoajatn twenty years—unmarried.7. Stephen Oaskto, Surth street, opposite wine cellar; thirty six years of age—leaves a three children. _8. Danie! Fitagerald. resided on Race street, Pearl and Columbia, aged forty three years—learn children.oly, lived o n Sixth street, setrfliwwt. 10. John Manly,"aged thirty-four•years—leaves a wife aad tonr_ckiirm Masters, resided o n Sixth street, aearcould not b e asoertstoed -towM • »•» AARON V . BROWN. Broadway; sge<corresponding week last year. * passed this session; and from t b e clashing df party in- Our market this morning was very scantily attended, terests between the tw o houses, there is every reasonto and so limited a trade resulted in each article we can but believe that this session of Congress will be the poorest numerous articles having at present exercised but a slight repeat nominally the quotatiens of Tuesday, observing at for the lobby of any one since the annexation of Texas.tafloence on prices. the same time, there was no apparent disposition on the The ievulsion o f 1857, an honest administration, and the The bank account published last night indicates that part of the holders to press sales, Whoat—American vigilance of the independent prers, have thus resulted tnobservations of many years, a more brilliant assemblage than that which waited upon the dignified and ve-The Boot on the Other Leg, dfc.The report has been circulated tor and wide, by thefurnish facilities to traders of the middle class.Tbe produce markets during the week have been genenerable chief and the lovely ycung mistress of newspaper organs opposed to the admtoistrattan, thattbe Executive mansion last evening. In this term among the party contributions which it has extorted frombrilliant w e include m en of mark and beautiful Mr. Wendell, a* public Printer of the tost Congress, were or distinguished women. A t nine o'clock thsre'musthave been more than two thousand people present They various subsidies to Mr. Rice, of the Philadelphia Penn filledtbeeastroom—eightybyforty—andtheyUlledall xyhanian,fromthemoneyreceivedbysaidWeadeUaatbe approaches thereto, including the famous elliptical the printer of the Post Office blanks. But all such accu- Baloon, like a restlesa swarm of bees. And there were sations are wide of the mark. Tbe boot is on the otherrally Inactive, the proposed abolition of tbe duties upontheiatefinancialpressurehasentiretyceased. BAKING, BROTHERS AND CO.'8 CIRCULAR.LoxDoa, Feb. 17—6 P. If, Our colonial and foreign produce markets have been quiet daring tb e week, without material alteration inprices. Money in fair demand at 4 a 4 S per cent perannum on first ctoss securities. Consols leave oft* 94X a 4S0 lbs ;white, 34s. 6d. a 37.MX for money, MX a MX for the account. Bar silver BROWN HCNTKR * CO-S CIRCULAR.•a. 2d. Mexican dollars 5s. i \ i . American eagles 76s. LIVBWOOL, Friday, Feb. 17,1860.upon t h e doubtful chances o f a n exceedingly doubtful Congress.white,9B.fid.a10sper100lbs.;extra thereductionofthislatethirdestateofthegovernment, red, 8a. 64. a 9s ;extra, 9s. 64. a 10s.;, 10s. 64. a lis. 6d.; the lobby, to its original character of a mere dependenta 8s. heated oaty 7s. 6d.Flora.—Baltimore and Philadelphia 23s a 27s. per 196 lbs.; Ohio; 2?s. a 28s.; Western canal 2ls. a 26s.more beautiful women, more distinguished women, and more handsomely dressed women, in the throng than at any of the ministerial receptions of*leg, a s show:—t h efollowing copyo fa nofficialdocumentwillISMAK CORK.—Mixed and yellow, 32s. 9 1 a 33s. 9d nerThe glorious times or the lobbv are gone. Fast menand fast women, luxuriating upon the rich harvests of abountiful lobby, have disappeared from the stage, and wemust await another torn ef the great wheel of the Pre- tbe season, that are necessarily limited to aboth the great parties of the country feel tbe necessity of "a decent respect for public opinioo," in view of the Presidential election.Numerous bills have been Introduced, inaluding vari- ous Pacific Railroad jobs, a(lording some rays of promise to tbelobby; but theseason is unpropitious,andtheold tune of "Yankee Doodle," you will perceive that the flow of the tide had hardly ceased ere the ebb com- menced.that of any other man, and but for him Sherman would have been inevitably elected.sidential election before we can promise the revival of thegiven uumber of invitations. This is worthy of re mark, considering tbe tact that th e doors of the WhiteOdtingOut the BusintuSchedule—Union or Disunion, 4V.• 1 dollar beads at 92. Nothing done in Massachusetts or our last circular the Bank of England suddenly raised its presented sufficient b .oupy the two houses down to t h e words, Mrs. Pearlpowoer ta not afraid of losing caatebv _sndtwochildren. __ 12. John Sullivan, resided on Pallet ana SMfiMain and Sycamore, sged tarty alas years atttma »— and three children. _ . ^^m~A.13.JohnRussell,residedoa8ixtottret^estt«»-j way;agedfortynevenjeare-leevaeawMsaanre— dren.MaryMad6'sstorttogbeads,norInPennsylvaniainscrip- minimumrateofdiscounttofourpercent,aodhas InaugurationofthenextPresident,includmgthefollow-comingintocontacttnthesamesocial reuntaTand upon ThusitappearsofficiallythatRicewastheprinterof the same general footing with Mrs. Baconham, the Misses the Post Office blanks, that he w a s regularly appointed,Teadeaiers, the amiable Mrs. Newbounel and the lovely and that he was thus entitled to receive aU the money Miss Shoemaker. " T " ' and aU the proflts for the work. But Rice coatraote1withWendelltodothework, agreeing thatWendell Butstul,asthewulfStreammoresthroughtbemiddle shouldreceiveallthemoneytherefor,aadthattoWen- oftheocean adistinct body ofwater, andorahtoher dellRiceshouldtooktorhisshare. HencethesesubsidiesUoas. Pennsylvania bonds hare bean sold at 85 X a 86. moreover, adhere4 strictly to the rule laid down by It inVirginia oflared at 84 Illinois Central Railroad T's bonds 1868, of refusing to rediscount for bill brokers, which ing subjeata:—79X; shares 44 discount, freetond 88 a 88. New York compelled the latter to return to the provinces a large The Pacific Railroad, several bill* Central7's,82.fls,84*.PennsylvaniaCentral,2dmort- amountofpaperseatupfordiscount,thuscreatingfora NewYo-kBranchMint,abill.cr. jtt.MichiganCentral,1869,77a80.Panama fewdayaaveryuneasyfeelingastotheturnthemoney PostOfficeaffairs,variousbillsandresolutions1102;3d do.100. Colonial securities quiet, marketwouldtake. Femaleemigrantpassengerprotection,abill. _gem prions.COCHUBAL—206bagsatauctionpartsold.Honduras ThedelayalsooccasionedbytheIndispositionofthe Revenuelaws,variousbtla.temperature than tbe waters which formft* banks » toRice. They were from bis agent, his factor, his me- evenatthesepublicreceptionstheretaanVtatooratic chanicappointedtodothework;andifwearenotmis- Raaaawsa•rOwrn.y—^—f.* ttosspforaboBsbing foreign dutiesOourt of Claims, a bill to abolish it.**"PTMsny treaty~,tbeThe insinuations and allegations thrown oat against tba return before the adjournment of the preteeof the Sotim—Somethingfloch to carry off the honors of the beat dressed woman o.^^uS.lo,,flhln, "I***Md•4"1"*»* tothecrowdwithoutaneAorttopreventit?Buttbaladles C0,,ip Uo,,i ww ^ i ^ ^ a t o e m e e r r e s t h t o e r e n t o g . h h M b e e u stone duoa^i^iag» ** ' • ^'««»»*tonator*. S^gSgJ*..^?*wttwwJjg torgo an aasemblageor elegantiy dressed women In Washington. How is this* i,sayi tha Co- pjjj"*S»«r*4o,«UtatthemanifestoesofLoMiNn. Why,don'tyouknow,itisShrove Tuesday,or pancakeaaaaofRev.J.JjMMbMMM»jgil«m ofhfftr, BMB,,,bM|i«ai atoa-m^mJSSSLV0** mlM^N,»,«ttoBtotoswofpr*- fortnightlyreceptionswillbecontinued,andtheretaevery fertnot toAllthree PartyNevada, a bill to organize ana TerritoryNebraska,abffltoenablepeopletoform a stitut on and government, and tor SlateintothaUnion.And these are only the more important items of tbe ex- tonsrve schedule of resolution, of Inquiry, bills, *«,., which this call of the States has brought oat. Itia thus abuadaatly m-nifest,that North, South,Bast and Weali tharakUntitled Documenta prevailing belief in this House that the dissoluttaa of UMThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069W Sw^BwSffth^^ t owww.fultonhistory.comgardtothagraaswidowers. Tbe House having a torgeiof soma of tba oaadldstoa for tha young men among ita members, has a larger of those prime favorites of boarding nouses, •£ra.icaqtuetat£21.Losaan Caaw ia demand andIatenr. » £ £ £ £ £ peats of that third estate, the lobby? Alas! we bar* some sarong oombustible reeolunoa* on Brown, Helper, all that, so that we must be content with "guttering ge-Friday next There is Ume,therefore,for Arm aod dearer; foreign refined, 38a. 64. a 44*-,anTThey do assert that the man and women of America (the whites), as a general rule, are tall, lean, and, that ta ta say, beny,compared with the people of Eurape. Are we,, ta speak oat. l a this amendment is involved - of tbe treaty with France, and the question of tbe esina np ta Brtttth industry of aa entirely aew market aot toss tbaa thirty six millions of customers, th e taxgatherer of some four hundred article* of commerce im- parted from abroad, sad of the hitherto crippled manufa;- tore of paper.HI9CKLLASBOC*.The despatch from India a n d China to-day reports movement ta tbe rates of exchange. The prices of governmeat securities at Calcutta were also without variation. Oa tbe removal of the Indian Council, in midsummer next, tbe old India House, in Leadenhall street, is to be aatd. It occupies slightly more than an acre, and, ac- cording to report, an offer of £300,000 has been made forit, it a said, as a terminus for all the principal railways.M. Thouvenels last circular ta cried about the streets ofbrown, 38a Linseed quiet at at 27a 64. Cocoa nut firm; Ceylon^ 42s. a 43s.; Cochin, 45s. a 46a. 5d. Palm steady at46s.a47s forfineIngos.RAKSBSSDdearer: fine Calcutta, oa the spot, 47s. 64. a 48s., aad for arrival 49s., delivered.RiCB-80,000bsgssold atmoderate prices,Ts.94.for old Laroog, 7s. Qd. a 8s. cash for old Moulmeia, 9a. for lo w Ballam, and 9* 9d. cash for fine Madras.In Ron nothing doing.In MouusssB nothing to report.SALTFKTB* is cull and rather lower. About 600 bagsBengal have been sold at 41s. 64., cash, for SX *»d 3X per cent, and 40s. for 6X P»r cea»: " 8 bags Bombay sold at29s.6d.a31s.6d.for63to42percentrefraction.SncsR-Pepper-BIack, 1C0 bags good Penang brought 4Sd , and of 770 bags SUigapore a few lots sold at 4X<J. ITivateiy about 200 bags have been purcbaseiat 4Xd- Cinnamon-181 bales Ceylon sold readily at Id. per lb. higher prices: thirds and fourths, 94. a la. 24; seconds, l e l d a Is. 6d., and firsts. I s 8d. a la. 104. Pimento—like to have your views coaoeruing some o f thorn. F o rexample, I hoar that General Joseph Lane, of Oregon, isconsideredamightyavailablemantosomequarters. then,atareceptionatWindsorCastle,orhowarewet*partya ttheirfingers'of thairthegood fortuaeto drawtrassbatre- membersofthetwohouses Ofthesixtythe followiagtosttaotlraviews to rethere are hardly a dosen to tbe capacity ofTheir platform will be the Cincinnati plat-Tha lobby. Wbat oftbe tobbyt What arethepros questionintheTerritoriestotheSupremeCourt,andwith ley,MtaaPrimrose,aad thequeenlyMissMayflower,aadlowly condition or a beggar to the splendors of the ruling 1860 Mr. Buchanan wanted the Missouri compromise lineregretting the absence of "the Little Giant," whose mo- desty, we are quite sure, keeps him away, mast give up aU this nonsense and took up our K»"hnrff*WASHWOTOH, Feb. M , 18M. Dinsicn in the Republican Party—7he Caarfetton OomenUons tbaa upon Oengram, aad as tba members of tat2bouses are now not pajtb? tt**«F'.b*'JgJ"* ran* |each for^Charieston aad the Clnoago'conTeattsm ** Thus tbe Congressional etoment will exert tan a*,nl&e powerful democratic majority of thtgaS. opposed to squatterfaovereigntyl a comnmndtor >-^^ with their anti Douglas platform at CaartatteaTiT!?thAe H/MlM.V A WALL AT 8T7 XAVOto* LTYX8 L08T—HaUJtTKKNDWOLIST O r TBI riLLXD.[From the Ctoctonatl Gaxette, March 2 ]The citywasthrown into a stateofgreaten yesterday, to consequence of an appalling which occurred about eight o'clock In the the S t Xavter church, on Sycamore iand Seventh. Tbe church has latelymolition, preparatory to tbe erection of a new a»7a* commodious one, and ta at the present time amisT half torn away. Sane thirty or forty laborers, am Irish, were engaged in the process of rasing,ttareal whom, at the time of tbe accident, were at work** ofthenorthernwalls,arrangingtotumbleitdanJ, ol a sodden it tottered, and, without s moments • * * to the unfortunate workmen, It felltowardry,barraVT of the thirteen beneath tbe rata* Thenewsoftoja calamity, so unusual and so terrific In its detain, am, through the length and breadth of our city like wsak and scarce s half hour had elapsed r-' drawntothespotfullyfifteenthousanddreds of people, with picks sad spades,and quickly the bodies of tbe m en wfcre c u m hibiting, to their mangled appearance, a ma*'a sCustoma n d Houses, Post"OldJo.isamightygoodoldman,buthodoesn'toarry accountforthis liboral infusionofsolid andsubstantialgunsenough. Hispoliticalcapital,too,isgunpowder,aad dames snddamsels? Thetruthtaapparent- blondesand brunettes, tall a a d short, stoat and thin, the elegant andao large a deputation of the wivesthat ha* become a drug In tho market. Besides, the oldGeneral, although apparently one o f t h e most simplshearted aad innocent old chaps to the world, ta suspectedby the politicians as a deep old schemer, with a will o fbis own. He ts one o f those plain, off-hand democratic thing to attract us; not unfrequently the loveliest of white and Chicago are farther off, and as not only the aa»Tmen that please Old Buck; but he is not Old Buck's candi- date. And, In fact, Old Jo. is not troubled himself about the Presidency.Perhaps Jefferson Davis would come nearer the mark?"Now you a r e o n t h e trail. Davis is a strong man, and no more a disunionlst than the Mayor o f Washington. Mr. Buchanan likes him. You will remember that toshoulder* of the two great parties concerned, bat ofthe DaitoLT But the band has struck up "Yankee Doodle," and we, are held to be iitore dependent apon them partyeattfplan of Jeff. Davis, and many other Southern men. They tried It. They failed; but those men, especially Davis, from that circumstance, became strongly attached to Mr. Buchanan, a n d b e to them, especially to Davis. A n d have younot seen that for thelast twoor three years Jeff. Davis has been one o f the most consistent and useful defenders of the administration in the Senate?"Breckinridge, Lome, Bmyard—Buchanan Stock dssadPennington, Chase, Seuxsrd---TkePiMie Store GontracU— nothing of the corresponding anti Douglas pressor)'t2The Attacks of the Daily Newt on John Cochrane, <fe.It is difficult to understand tbe drift of the greater por-tion of the letters which are written from this city to yournestto frhandle. He would run like a mill race among the adopted month longer. If the nomination at Charleston were to identification. Fathers, mothers, wives, statert tat tocitizens, If nominated, because of his splendid fight with, andsuppressionof,KnowNothingisminhisVirginiacam-smart iu at thenofthoseknowntobeemployedatthechum,a** "Hunter has a splendid chance.Robert McClelland, of Illinois; and, as subordinates, all theex officeholders of tbe last Administration, theobject or which ta primarily to raise disturbance anda row at Charleston, and then, by a sudden musthavetoucnedthe sympathiesof thosearoual> preconcerted union of forces, to oarry Franklin Pierce up disengage her from the body required force. She anaBut suppose Mr. Douglas were to conclude a treaty o modesty and honesty utterly unfit him for being popular next Sunday, a tnatoetten tor the same purposepeace with the administration?"Hewouldperhaps nowbetootote;butbeappearslowith tbe masses. This would b e enough to ruin htm atCharleston. Slide!! wants to be President, but o f coursebe cannot; s s with half a score more of would-be candi-dates. Wise is confident of being tbe nations1executivefrom 1861 till 1 8 6 6 . H i s letters are voluminous. If dag-ger and Oassidy had possession of them thaw might make height; it rested on a stone foundation, and at the ' afortunebysellingthemfortwentydollarsapiece.On wastwofeetinthickness,taperingatthetoetoi the whole, tbegeneral underground crytathatMr."Bets. Butnotinthosequartersfromwhichthedele-gates toCharleston aredrawn. Myopinionis,thatMr.Douglas will be supe.seded—that he and his friends willbe retained In good faith in the party, and that Hunter, whotanotobjectionabletoDouglas,ortothepartyinany section,willmostprobablybethenomineeoftbeCharles-tonConvention. Hunterhasnoimplacableenemies,and afterawhile. Isreallyanavailableman."cialshrubbery,andthecrushforanhour,comingout,controlsthecolumns;ofthatpaper.Duringthecontest was somewhat perplexing to plain country people; and so, for the Speakership the democratic members of the HouseWASHWOTOff, Feb. 29,1880.And seldom indeed have we seen at any Ume, In the ThePrinting qftkt Pod Office Blanks— Wendell and Rice— snd Sycamore; aged sixty years-leaves a art* an whoPOSTOmen DaFARmmrr, Dec 31,1867- Ordered, That the printing of blanks and such other printing aa m ay be required for the use of this Depart-ment o a t of the city of Washington b e given to WilliamHouse on levee nights are open to all well behaved peopleof high and low degree. We say this ta worthy of re- ordered, upon the terms and conditions of the tottermark, because the presence of so many of the "uooer clause of the 11th section of the act of Congress entitledten thousand" at a reception open to thelower ten hun- " An set to provide for executing tbe public printing aad a wife and one child.roundtogmasswithoutfusing.Butthe ltoearfXtstond , B ,simple <Ugatty of manner, aad to his dimunedntopucitorsupposingthatRicewa*competenttotokoear*ofhim- Uon of high and law, the great and the email, «drtoh self while faithfully performing the work aaMjaafi him.atfrfWT? L*0*•**B« «l««2tosto tibafsS'8sA8«,B*Tt©tBr.tL*M fob. 2L1MO iandpoor,aadthepowerful andthewaakTthVgreat j f i y , * « - * • * "Popular sovereignty'' and republicanI t ,J J! .«w» our way through tha crowd. The ladies,C3W.UiK0b^LelmU «u k e t t »Potottoappea*tottonrVeiTNor can any one suppose that h a d Rice suspected these PostOfficeblankstobeworthsome880,080a year,he would have been content to make the fooltah bamin with WendeU which he did make. * ^BtoKaxaxxmwrrGovum eM calledfrom»TOJ4best at tba President's.It Is dueto his office;butTdo youPresident concerning the sale of UM Union office by Wan- deli to Bowman, rest upon no better footing than the mat- ter of those subsidies from WendeU to Rice. M r. Buchanan baa had neither the mrttostton nor tha time to dabble to tbe business of a lobby Jobber.WAaamiTon, March 2,1880 The Ftevi in Washington ofthewhich, perhaps, I cannot do. which, perhaps,tha purpose o f venerated father toMe'I.sawfmwtend to make the most of it W e understand that theae reason that they ahould be; but the Lwlten season haaltean fe- e/1880,The represent*!!vea of tbe ilemnrialt party bora,de- g g S y f t «y..wThaMMjtoM ttotue to-morrow, an.d tbthe< «rous of the reunion of ia broken fragments, for tbe tm-uMM aS^krV i^! £ anniversary and theinJ'o\^^il^Jf^tnmaMaMtnmattar. I trust ao 1, nor any "'*J£Z salted in M a matter, Taaratort,mt,Oc.antOtbei wfll call toriI have written you i _.This wall was a portion of the mainone side,andwasnearlyfiftyfeetinlengthandthirtyfasatheBermiUge thaipurpose:—TtotSansto hadaksaay stnutd a • » «sra towmy present residence, on some bustaets, •aiNaahviile.toSSLZtama,to*s8-*. w L * ^ L % JMMman oaaasmntottog tha next tour years' tease of tbe* ? J>-l" M » of Mis»'.Ifriend. 