 wasacitattogTHE LAWHZHCE MA88ACiLE.OUB LAWBEafCS CORRBbPONDESCE. Lawnarstat, Mass., law. 17, IMS.Ugeeat aad asitrfsctorv to Uw owners Mr Pntnam wts tbe managrag ssrector andftaeacmlagent of tha owners, wbne 1 waa the engineer aad rmiiiiswiiiin ••<u.Je. » u* KsteA Company; my relations with Mr. Putnam through oat the whole time af beildtog were tbo*e of mutual frvmttbip aad respect, and I never saw any di- -*•HARDWARE BOARD OF TRADE. leys: fcevjete their attars ne tbe rotes of wen. I shew esN*B*ssn»ssBe*. ta Isshar*aW the* breastla the osavsattan which funned , difference of opinion.be reported allowed each State to. but*she adoption el'pecttaa », cf Ike •p»»m every deccttoa; but fhey were toned se xettd sad <***eieet tbat further lag*. ,wt m 1Me the trad* waa de-i a* stasia; w a Hat of the artnelpel tresttas that have» t aaae S t .peyster Ogden, Dr. V 1sttost, Peter Javanes V . B r a d y ,fact there h wantae Ska le Topt.eeetkeW»aael."id. O oakery and Gtaaaaad the? a-e to»"we Bare ~a* wenthekaowtetcoontoDavycroaks***gna. FteidofOtori."A e r l d e a t cmTbe slave trade continues to exist th tbe interior of Africaaau some par is of Asia, and Spam conn noes to disregardher treatms with England by winking at the tmportahoaato to Cuba, aad illegal attempts have even been haade byansae daring adventurers to introduce a few cargoes intothe Soothern Dtatat Public saaameat aa w#U aathe lawsare uoerty agamst all snch atteatpis, aad they most fail. transmitted to the Mayor of Lawrence.practice in other mill! show thai an ample and enormuu* margin of security was left in the u§e of these pillars.Li» margin of security was to avoid the inaccuracies of ..atting or any errors that might oc«ur; they were made 'cBfold stronger than was required, according to thecal tillations, to sustain die weight which they bald; I have no doubt that they were bought in absolute good faith by Mr Putnam; tbe only error that I can see le in buying them at to much per column instead of so much per t-ounil—not that 1 wish to impute any intention to deceivelight ot the experience ol the past, guided by that law which binds all in every condition of life—to do onto others as we would that other.-' should do unto us We cannoi too often and too seriously retlect on tbe almost omnip • tent power that tbe circumstances ot b.rth, education and climate have exerted, aad arc constantly exerting, to totin different opinions in dinVreot rectioas of-our wide- spread country . hothing can be more impor taut for us as a people, than to bear in mmu the fact that charity was made tbe greatest bfal! virtues, because it ts so constantlythe accident is aaid to have been a t-.-ar can- o' negligence, and for which great blame n attache1 to those in charge of the train that had stopped Many ex pressed themselves surprised that there wan w.i mt-r- killed than one, and especially among tfte femuie*. ae there was quite a number in the car The wire of Mr Thompeon.lhe bank note broker, arrived m th city d u r n ; tbe evening, in charge of f-tends, both ber legs being re ported broken. She wss taken to the St. Nicti dan Hitol.A Mr. Burbank, who was on tne tram, stated that he was thrown from his seat upon the Hoor of tbe car with such force as to cut his head very badly and injuring him internally, but not of a serious nature H came do*n te the city soon after with the most of tbe t>a«*engers The fireman of the Sing Sing Jxain had one o! tue legs broken, which he received bf jumping from the tram Tbe engineer escaped byr^nninj: into the cars oehmJ i'tie of the baggagemen/was thrown out of the aid- or tne car into the river, burreceived no serious injuryCOLLISION ON JCE NSW YORK AND NXW HATT.N BALLKOKUAbout nine o'clock on Tuesday morning. i« tc- irtiu from Harlem for New York was passiu? U.r.«ich u.<- unnel at Nmcty-Uur-i street, it was run into by ue N' wdenv- occupy ing the chair. The leading bassnesa was the toe honor to be your obedient servants,report of the oommneae appointed to draft an address to the whigsof the i*lMU.'.The pria*;ij»>l podtta o| lbs ad ah-eaa appear to th- aa foliuwa.—They believe that the principles of the whig party arethe only ones that can grv« prosperity to the countryC D. BROWN, M D., W1 M.,Jsocial and domestic Inc, the discipline of his businessmakes bim one of the safest men ol any community. Beis schooled to trial—nurtured to menu! discipline—istaupht by experience the lde giving intluences of lit-nithtuexercise in work, and amongst no portion of t3n commu kino, (i oot.Mied a|i;.iausi--.) AUWWIO* , in the language nity can you tlnd where a brighter intellect sjtark'es inthe «ni|f. To be mire Ui*i p»rtv . ler tuo Uai lewyraxs. has slumbered, an: iu orn*aueaticki beenvery nearly urauoyeo. bat now, wnen tne in•littttions of our ccunuy are m aan^er ol being the re!*- of Uv Batterers at Lawrence, Mass:— aadetminedanddestroyed,theconservativevon*Voteslayior&io....$100Branson,Swcum&Hop af the nation calls upon it to resume us old pueuiasi Tueir tioorihue k Cb 100 kinsa y aMr. Cnaaa made a lengthy speech intavor of cear aaaaa from the whig to the I'man party Th* as reeerved with general opposition, Or. Bodge Taitmadge.E. J. Bman, Allan, and *M.said that there was stnaetorag m the adnor's March "&, Ibe Otamn^roi Commerce—A jruarditn o^ onr rammerMr B , in tbe brief passage of oar existence from this lifeto the next is of no earthly coaaeqaenee; bnt whet is to bedone with the greet American nation Is a question of alltime, and of so much regard to eternity as belongs to thislife. He quoted from Oliver Wendell Holmes poem ontbe Union, and continued. He said It is considered peu kinds of ebemtaal apparains. aad loaked more nks a com- nle, unmanly, and to be the mere act of the demagoguei be tendered to thei who have sonahty sawtakstd ear aaheoal . by opposing the eteeooa of aaasnaaf SjatoiB, iiii 11IIIg to t m . ia May, ISM, thelaw*; before that 1 was in the United a m y . and held the rank of captain, I had charge af n i l Uliif 111 *tha • • • « ' - - af the works there; I gaadaated ka the earns of aaajtaanai at West Pomt hi 18»; as vacancies occur kt whs forts the first scholars are pot into them; two oat of say class entered them; batata goiag to fort ladspsadanes I wasawsMtantunderbidding outers; told him they were making pillar* too cheap; they used to fail every year, but Duller was always foreman; a movement of machinery would not cause a blind crack; it Would be noticed tmmediaLelr: bare beard that the Pembcrtoh mill wra week, bet heard no allnsTon to the ironworkJohn C. Heal ley, superintendent of the Lawrence ma chine shop for seven years, testified that the defect in the piilsrs is tbe eccentricity of tbe core; all hollow columns are liable to this, but they should not be so eccentric as 'hese; when pillars are oast thick on one aide, the tarnthe Sledge Hammer;" air, • oh, Susannah," by the Glee Club. 6. The Wertv—Scriptural workers to hardware, beatiag swords two plsawJaaaarcsseA sneers into pruning hooks: aaay Owslrftre- never gu out nor their areas grow weary. Muate—'Old Hundred " Bsepoaded to by Uw Mev. Or. Termilte.7 Kducaituo,—Tla education forma the sanxaaan mind; just aa tae gun is asmed tha ahoVa inclined. Muato.—"Alma Ma-lar " nass naiad to by Prsawiani Kmg, of Omhmbta Pal age. a The Press Mrhahaas civilisation, recuse humanity, aa i*an*aae is every where, yet aewhere without hardware, tor where would than be tbe press or its impression.- MoanV—"tiaudaamut'9. l*w and H»rdwere-Thev follow each other hke faith andmercy I so much need, spare me that I asay not nve to see tbe time when tbe flag of the American nation shall be spoken of except with reverence aad patriotism (Lour; and prolonged applause.) He bad two reassess for ex pressing that wash one was, tbat of ancestry; aad enotb er, that it was tbe boner of bis Mfe that he was born iv*n. this roll. He had seen the men that bad gone forfi to achieve conquests for the Amerlcsfa banner—General T»y for, derided and assailed. sometimes, iu tbe hot fervor uftte mere attentive, asd to teak i of Btranserstraversing tbe cityad ettththelswaaiJy Mpsrtscieeibv the Bsere appearanoe afthey wast, and therefore groat cere should be taken tn placing tee names properly am Che gas temps. Thaa, tak mf the corner of Breadway aad Liberty street, the aasaeM that meant tofessor aUhmaa debvers a k « * * ^ • • J ! * £ ! I a ^ ?, ,^ ^•sasMBT sgrasd to sail saa sleep, the Maria Jane, of 1 had an offer to go as manager of the York i awa an w nwear, whilst hardware is physical lav, to evil doers. Both are old seiiislBiaasas, and have long kept no a trade to maaeetee. bardcuna. grata bars jack a, iwraarss. atone haaxeasas and like fancy trucks, aaay they keep outof ease other*clutchesand traps, and not, hke ebJJdren of one family tall oat, aad chide,—"Come SBsnaswSj aSawae"oobtofiample of tlm influence of Hard warei.of her soil, sawglBtit by the industry of l e - iin settle, and precnaritr ta peace Hard, and u\ a main pillar in Ihaetmee of her power, wealth aad tafleaaee, Msaas-The of(•God Save the yueen," by the Mice Chth.11. Omiaaaj Wan hardware, she bar aaaa. Meade wtth ourown, and forms a^natural Usk in the chain of the trade. Mueie-"WherelatkeHermanFatherland"12 heHillalrVasM a nasai atwetassesstas; laMsWithuweeswoorBBSS, ptousb oar •ansa, arm ou. aoktWa. pell oar •«•»*»• »*j Ball our nags lo ths mast Whh hweTMBBdjaarJtaoawj^ •aaaa aa^ liitot anil -—* a m i onr wawa. our bareware mam* aTTSe «nooti»»tTand o.,rEcaDX>.i.e Beefsejbs|taeeB£.aadthe Tracetobiasofiteaiepcrcbsasfe. «waw-lf»seadpai«af Staesatoiumthe Leadou IYai« predicted Mortt**oon and defeat Both of those gallant ©cosmmandecrs atascuagahctanws. tahewh. - ; - - wbich was afterwards revealed m the a^cosapawbaasn^ofa gallant gentleman,L!!^J^rLa«toal than, although opposed to hiaa in ponueai,at anejaeattoaahiv of great importance wa whan, as ha the above died I, tt ta more likely to iArTOUflMjallrV—OPFTCIAL—CTSTOM"awawawawswl then awl JiavawtavilL tVwasrwi saB^gjg— VgSMaaV Bwh wTawaaswaau^•* •» hasawh>-amre takaa aa bv the aaawodeat and ^aawa-sjuiaa of thasa proved to he aaaa. The^awaeB- E .-'""^w wen m pay ror tne nearjK or oywaBrs, at"7 vaB fo•Taaws 1? rn^Jl!^ ^ ** ** • C*^l* **him that they have been injured hi cna detay to the ainoant of $500. A number hi ateve tha qnahrr of the jyaters-for theMilJa at daco:at that tune Uwreaee was ahout go down: the jar of machinery would act ska repealed blows.mont.flag a(Applause ) He(Frejnonjhptaaea M S f S t o • X j f c Z g w * *4c.Trade was grren last evening at the St Niehoats Hotel, to the same aaill, lasssai I atthcsaiaeSYVr vnKK HRM!T> m ; i c ^ v'WfiiKV 19 r^O-TRIPLE SHEET.Th, PmhaUm MiZ JfaataaotA Oafim- Wk* tU trvtk Bat oo bis part to sacrifice the stresgth of the o tiding tRiverAct Mtm tUated JTr/ore Saatl sTortaeraMO,afitsfi-AtcfaVf sswaaaf<o OpsrafKe—the Flwtkeyt «f Out Jiehyesterdaysflernoon, bywhich analady—Mrs.aaawa rff - a. Waar MUU-Aewe.The third annual dinner of the Hardware Beard oflb- Corn KsehssMPMOsra: BBwheat, rye barley, oata. are eld hardware fnends; they were aoqnainted f^om the scythe and cradle they have aaea encaard la theaadrkketty concern—a mammoth coffin—haswhen aboot four hundred gentlemen sat down to a awatp- toons banrjuet, among whom were several dardagnished citizens. The guests occupied seats on either side of thethe aaaae saja,asat at toat asset to sepanforks at tbe same table Muatc. "<^n-n<ihroQ«hih« RyeIf Trade and Commeroe—Tbe thanaomnter of a nattoa'a weahh. The dudes we owe to the govenmteai folfil the htf h dntlea weowetnoursewes: their vesiect is mental «e-ay, poastoundingb e tthat thePembertonMill waa hotbeen ascertained aad fully estabttehed by the evidence before th.-Coroner's jury It has been proved that there ware cracks aad Staares In the baildiag whloh, mPresident, mad among them we ahsarred J. Depeyster vertv and weakoeas Heee. «• elsewbere niuou is streagthhigh a Was, weald open to far aa to admit abesa acade by * • ervlBied rNrwtrs for tbe Boppreaaion of man's band The mtrodactton of thW erUsnst ere t fter for tha stone work aad foanHatiasa, Maaars. Dodge k the Leather Association: Win. H. Appteton. President»t in 1*10l « t —Jery, prohsbntag *he1S1»—ataftaad aad Netherlands, treaty of *Ik Mav, wati reetrictioM a* to tbe right of search.- t a g t u d and Mnitegsaoarapproaen that of some of the taskmasters in the eottonUI7 —tagtaed end ther.universallytreaty of Madrid, Xt1 Sapthe tear of incurring (he displeasure of some of thesei erne tram the canal: they used it for drinking; it came •ot in small quantities— merely weeping though the onaaiaees were stones of the largest character whichduced a new feature into the conduct of public dinners—At communication was readNor wion. Conn., one (It the oNieet *aar. oaantry, aad hat healwi was drank w:- J iJKvriH»aOu»a>1 iTesiuent of trieKirowles tar tha uaiiiiadniaf and weed work,aad Meaarf< eted a , rofoun.! sensation among thoae wh ate Tattle * Co. for the mason work; tbe Mat named wereMR JOHXH Wimo.x, Agent for the city government of i.wn plan wa lor the clasps instead of tbe pintle, but 1Ltwreoce. Ma-'g.. 4 c , he — made up my mind that the*' would bear the weight put:*m—At a regular communication of New York Lodge upon them, the theory ot scientific books and the1 mean that high and holy prit liege n. 'establiah justiceand to secure tne public welfare ", by forming a govern-int-nt ol ,he people, ani for th-; (>«op:£, in all its ooeraton.- Mich agnveinui<-.nl our laUiers dug for in mi' o'it.i miD- oi .ieiLai truth and justice Tuey formed H uiaccordance vtiih a grral and glorious prufciple of righL any particulars of the sffiir. It seems, however. tLi' Thcj formed tbe government under which we live in tneNo 330, V and A M , on Tuesday evening, 17th January, it wa? rmanimousiy voted that tbe sum of twenty five dol- ls' s (125) should be appropriated from the funds,of the tndge and donated in aid ot the sufferers by the sad ca- lamity at Lawrence, Massachusetts.The undersigned, a committee appointed for the par pose, tender to you herewitn enclosed the amount voted by the lodge, and request of your courtesy that it may bethe potitxai and aoctal history of slavery, so Car as we Lnwreece suflerers Is one where every institution of a to tte founder, but where castings are bought by thePTOfersertly benevolent character should for the moment overtook its peculiar observances, aad contribute accordpiece it Is tor the Interest of the founder to make them tipbt, and when by- the pound, to make them heavy, throwing tbe balance of interest on the wrong silo; in re-of each other t'Apuiaue.- ) 1 trust thai it will forever be the pride and g'ory of every' Aniorican to streriirtnon the bond of fraternal union—a bond that ha* given us| prosperity at home and enabled us to command the re- ! spect and admiration of the: world. (Renewed Cheers ) j Where is the man with a heart In his bosom that can | look with inililleren. e on that bond—on these growing j Slates and ou tnje men that joined them together, not I lor a time, but lor an everlasting Luiuu. (Greatcheering.) A Union that niusi bo preserved—a Union taat cannot be broken witnout causing the spirits of those men tbat lorn.cd it to sigh in sor- row over the crumbiiLg rums cf all their brightest hopes lor the future improvement of tbecondition of manit might be useful aad agreeable to the raaiera afC i t y F a t i t t c a .rntG OP TBS WHIG GENERAL CJMJtlTTSE.The delegates to thai body beid a meeting last evening so good a work, New York Lodge Bends its mite, and Putnam I do not remember; the only test usually applied at thorp s Hah—Mr. E H. Brttwn, one of tae Viae Presi hopes thai its example will be extensively followed to casting.* is to find them externally perfect; if a set of Wisbing yon all success in your noble work, we have found castings were tested with a sledge it might haverough follower of this vocation is rarely a man ot fast ob jecia. such as last horses, fast games, last sports, or t^st in any form. It cultivates the intellect, it forms the mind for precision,, and the thorough liar.iwarem.-in is a manmg to us means. Certainly the Masonic fraternity, whichwas founded simply and solely for charitable purposes, gard to testing these pillars, we accidentally let one fall(beapnesa; aa the other band, we tried t> make t» Ftrongest structure we could erect, with du • regard t. economy;IwasmuchburdenedwtththeWH*>-.«•***»• tbe time, having to cesatmet the Parade mil "*" ~^T oosiy with the Pemberton; 1 therefore placed Mr Benja mm Co»hege in immediate charge of the works at the ! ember ion mill •; he was to reside there a >-p. tiding bat days there aad his nigh a, iffootinge superintended the works wtth a diligence and fidelity which was untiring: his JntellU«u» as *a ^ i n - . , and as a man are well known in 'his o>m•ell as hat honor as a gentleman an i a Ui-..-.. be was to be my eyes and my bands conttaat y wvs i HO(ar as wa could make hiss go; t b e coo'-a « •»« -«r William Snlrrvan for tbe eartbwark^ Mr J> -• •read Fild,ofBraoklya—watberlife.MrIrving,aftbweMy. bad BBSisg broken, aad bla win-was sahoasl taiirwtwT. and a deaea others were more or loss ta tared T V express tram tram Albany, dae as Maw York at half past four o'clock, when about two ssflea thai ante of Bhtg 88**;,waa ran hate by the aeeomaaooasssci irate fromB appears lhat the aaasae af the express tram tare out, and preparations were being aaaae to repair tt on the track. A flagman was Bent back to warn the ap- proaching train of the danger, bat it is alleged that Trama**satvetrad* —l«14.-FHBM»a»dlB«ta»i; 'AddWoaal Arteries, ' astri'of BSBato' ikattkn aw "TM F^"»*, wa^awaw aala1814 - t a g t a a d and WnBhartahrtS Treaty of London good mason to suppose some of the operatives are deterred and be at abundantly qualified to speak en the subject 1 dinner was announced to commence at six o'clock, hardware men of oar city, for th<> reason that ( «i">» stan. The lateness of the hour at whtah tbe news of the them toextertain ©aoaervatlve views, po'tttcs-nv; a iuaunacquainted with the interior constrnctlon of the miU, •trailers to sae, having been introduced by Mr tut President King, of Commbia College; i u . T. Brady, George Brgga, rrom afliicb we extract the •olmaiag set the slippery state of the mSa,tbe engineer found R an awa: the others were engaged by ma; Mr. CooJidge hasaad asm among thoae who are not aware that there is teethed to the nature of the soil, be having kept note* Esq , Superintendent Pillshury, and ethers. The (ence— I particularly aparecia'e the character ol lb possible to check his speed ta thwe to prevent the collifrom tellmg all they know about she building, heeaaae examined it, aad found it as be has said, and I think that at which time the majority of the gentlemen ler ol great interest to thw cn-is of oar public alTair> accident reached as. renders tt impossible to get fuller so »ar as tbe soil waa concerned there waa not a betterI they are aware from experience that tbey wouM never b« iiuncation in Lawrence; it waa a water bearing soil natu- were in attendance, hat the procession to tha and that they are Union loving men, enlightened pairHI--- particulars Mrs Field waa brought to Tankers, where employed sgam in a Lswrence mill a* they dkl so. Talk rally ; we fenad kt ia that vicinity when we were ahrgiag •dining baB waa not formed till seven o'clock, tbe and respecters of all dte laws af our comaaon eoantry— she died, at the Getty House, st seven o'clock P. Mmen who would preserve st ail hazards in frateru* anion tins noniederaey of jsaatea.toudly applauded.CityBall Herheadwasherrtaiybrohwd,andshebad a puttegetherwell thattherewannoconiusiontatseatingtheguests. apeecn it was to an •mm like tne Heri ware Hoard of Trade that th.. Chamber of U>mof the tytaonyof Southern taskmaster-' It dees not>r» canal, where . the excavators found it; there waa a read on all the time except in warm weather, when it dtitd op. as is usual m such soil; there was a head-onhour baring been spent in agreeable and lively social8TATlaT«J*T OF A PAfWESfJg*.A SBSBsnaawr who wss slttSg in the rear car. but one, at 'the- time or the eethdon gives the fotfowmg slab-meat xifthe accident — ^ 'At the time of she aceident I waa aWtng in tbe car nexttotherearofthe Albany express train After startingconverse, the Committee of Arrangemente discharge •7 fwrawlkm of Land*, »th mills of the North. I will relate aa incident to show that all the tune, which would not have been tbe case hat it their oneron* duties Iifan efficient manner, having tntronamely, tbe preparation of a diagram of tne tables, eachB**M earth of tbe equator, and with itali Itliaaa a> te ' A girl about fourteen years old lay upon a mattress hi the our quarries ever produce, and I know them to bare tae seat having the name of its intended occupant upon it, s mere,- r«rponded to the d unat to ah appro<«r«u>HIaay part of Africa, at any nwtiveibywhich taw trade might eaaewheremill maarers reaches nearly to the portals of the grave.r of OOCBtrcm Albany the engine appeared to be contimxalry get leg and arm broken Death had already sat his lind seal <J—Do yon think oar quarries furnish stones suitable At a quarter past seven John W. Quincy, Esq., th• mtrce was indebted for ai essentia! element in it tag out of repair; we had stopped three times to repairupon her features, hat she could family ooaverse. She lorinob inundations? A.—Ihey were large square stone* was asked bow long she had been in the Pemberton mills. « ratified granite, in a geological term or genus; they werPresident, called the assemblage to order, when the RevDr. Vermilye invoked tbe Divine blessing. The comtnogiese and advancement The time might oome.h tt—the last time aboot two aad a half nteee above Tarry a-iW. wbtntne apparently exbauetlecs sources of Great-Eactaed with thwloaaum of Massst, aid addittoaal eiuctta wtth KetherMarts aad Spam ia the same '•One day." she replied. "Where did yon work last?'' et 1show [He examined the plans, and found that th pany then proceeded to practically discuss the bill of fare, come from us. He told them net to be afraid, for tn.< south of a very sharp curve In the read Whil.; we were »*er. The dying girl had scarcely muttered the words ''The Bay eoeth wall was eight, and the north wall six feet thick o;> trade would still go on, and concluded by grviar this sen standing still many of the passengers having got ont of tiV>Irt8 -Regtaad aad tbe Netherlands, additional articles State," when ber heartbroken mother, who was attend tbe bottom]. Such waa the nature of the atones as tbev son, and maintained the reputation of the St. Nicholas. association—trusting that tne manufacturer tne .w«- cars to see what was the matter, the Stag Hint way trainartth stagtaad and Madasraeoar1W4 —kagtand aad Sweden, by treaty of Stockholm,ash November, arraagtng the reciprocal right of deareh iKft -rugtanu aad Brazil, treaty af Rw Janeiro. Md stowmber, renewing feraatr treaty before the aeparationaf the fcseptre.1H1 -Iranee aad England. Convention of Pans, 30thMov , ahpaJatang right of aeareh within eertaia aaaa, by a partem number of imps agreed upon for that purpose.las* —dame arab aame, further regulations as to vtttta ttan by authorise t eraierra.IKM—name wan Denmark, treaty of Copenhagen, 2(Hh Jar?iag her, quickly aad nervously checked the child as if she eamo from the quarries, that thesewere only theoreticallines, and they were always in excess; the stones pro Appropriate confectionery emblems adorned the tables, aad the consumer might continue to go en in unison aadwere divulging a dreadful secret. ''Hush ! hush ! my jetted over the waltB intended to be solid,and they were such ss tbe Yankee blacksmith's emblem rf the hard reciprocal friendship.''iCe stores protecting over the limits, tbe under piniii-v Kcv jjr. Vnntm, of Trinity cbnrci. responded in a hac. waa backed wtth either brick or mortar walls; the brick ware trad*'—groups of nail kegs. Dodsworth's hand py Dinner to the fourth toast. Wnen n« lnrHte>i •!>•>••came down, and the engineer did not aee that we were on the track until after be passed the carve It was then to. late to stop, and although be reversed tte' engine, yet the1<*H —Ham* with Sardinia, treaty of Turin tth August,.CT wall, so that there were no flues; tbe walk were wenty inches solid. tbe bands were continuous from hotsraacB OK THE wuaanoTGKXTXSXEX or TH* Haiuiwaaa UOAKU or Titans—Allowdear," said the, "Don't say that—it may do your mother harm!" The spirit af that childther may he allowed to drag ou*.the balance of her life m the Bay State MiliaTbe ttuakeys, who are ever ready to toady to the rich manufacturers here, are already beginning to dig up, like some charred carcase from tbe ruins, evidence calculatedpast spread before them.As soon as the cloth was remeved the PBZSTOKTT call- ed the assemblage to order, by striking an anvil, which was placed on the table, and said:— Vsmashing in a portion of tbe car in which I sat Many o the male sssawsajsta in the rear car w- re standing oitaMe at tbe time of the coUadon, bnt there were some tw.-ive or fifteen remaining in the car. Most of thoae remaining to the rear car were more or l e a injured, several of them probably fatally. A Mm Feld, whoregard to tbe ihaky condition of the Pemberton. They say that one of them, Mr. John Crawford, was once dis missed from tbe mill, as he thought, nnratrty, and would perjure himself to obtain revenge. Tbe tie is bluntly siren to this cowardly presumption by the fact that but few men in Lawrence, or anywhere else, enjoy a higheri s s n — Seaae aad Spatn. treaty of Mslrid. 2Kb Jaae, ahohahing toe stave trade totally and Dually lu all imrts of the workt belonging to Spam, end allowtng the right oflaaaV—tiaaae and Sweden, additional article of thJ treaty af MM.law?.—Name and Taasany, Hanse Towns and the Nether land*, an additional articlegolden bonds of friendship that do so much to make tbe Bank-deration and Hayti. Mr Keadrict B Thompson, an overseer of tbe mill. And - ver made when the mill was built: they were put toge pathway of Mfe bappy. Heaven has deeply implant 1*40 -Ku* tan-! an-! Bolivia: also with Texts. Treaty it furthermore appears that Mr. Crawford was tne first 'ber in the best mtnner by Messrs. Dodge and Ktiowles; ed in tbe human mind social feeling, and unfortunate, inahrsed ta I».iw;m lath November. be spans which there beams were to go over were suco deed, is that calling that sets a man at variance with his IMl —England and France, bv treaty of Paris Decern person to have water thrown upon tbe rain* after tbe brother. (Applause.) Although associated for no her 70, which the latter afterwards refused to ratify , dreacful ccnfiagratHiu commenced. Tbit does not afford • baiibey might spring by machinery, and a system of specific purnase of charity, literature or science,aire In the same year wtth Mexx», Austria. Prussia and iron rods was adopted: they were put under them, making there is a peculiar harmonizing and binding much evidence that Mr. C. wai actuated toward tha mill erfectly rigid, as tnev always were; it was not be influence in thus meeting, partaking of the same lsJi—England aad the United States, by treaty at by feerings cf hostility or revenge. But I repeat it, -ause they were weak, bnt to make them invariably stiff; bounties, listening to the aame words, tne same music,wWarLiogtob, 9th August, stipulating that each party shall much mortc can be said about the flimsy conetructioa the same system is adopted in railroad care; thM Is the and Joining tu the game songs and in the soul stirring mer- •Miriam tin tbe cuaat of Africa u naval forav, carrying m •on that has been said to have been brought ia to riment of a hearty laugh Our trade comprises a great all at* Irae than eighty guns, "to enforce Meparatety and of the Pemberton mill, ae well aa of some of the others, if -ireiittben tbe wails; there was no, other iron brought in variety of articles. So extended has it become, that what reopecureiy Uw law, rigbw aiul ofa.igatiun.s uf each ••-( the operatives only oare ».n it. I have heard it stated that or that purpose, the rigidity of these beams has always was once comprehended in a single assortment is now1*3*—Game aad toe Two aunties1SSV —Ham* aad Wuezoawt, Chile, I'rugcay, Argentine ford. His testimony can or might be corroborated by was very good, and no objection that I am aware of wasthe two countries UJTthe suppreaeioa ot tbe slave trmne, ane of tbe wills now gttnding shakes so to a high wind been maintained, so that the shafting always ran withWith good Old Union clamor, And a constitution awiogrth? said gqoaciroDe to be tndepRQdeat of each other,'' bvtM K tin concert and CMoperation upon mutual qouwlt* tbat a ba»m 0il» n with water will empty itself by the mo-IKn as emergebcwe may ariae. Alau the svau yoax, with lion of tbe building.PSTKB C o o m , on nsiag, was received with three times line, aau a tiger. He spoke as toliows:—It will in- :..r liesident, impossible for me by any language that I can line tu ado ttther strength, force or beauty to th: thrnii;^ MLtime: ts you have drank in honor of this occasion. You have well declared tbat this Union of States Is noTarrytown and some at Tonkers The fireman of tbe Sing Sing train, just before the collision, jumped oil me tram and broke both his legs. As far as.I could learu there wss no signal displayed north bf the curve to giv ware aag to aa approaching trata. U there baa been t«s ace;the Argeaun« republic, Ilayti and Portugal.l S 4 i — England und Braztl aad with France, by conTu; whole subjt ct M one demanding legislative invettiyearam, London, 2AL May, stipuiaUug (or an e^jal nava gation, and if the Solous of Boston would let tbe nigger •ied in the brick as topull the walls down, if the floors gave»"iy, before they would draw out, the chhnaey was in atone a little wcUe, and look after the Btteresa of the poor fnoed to rise only a few feet above tbe roof, as tbat offarce on the western coast of A r c s , and a quaiiSe 1 rntbt af rmitaton by the cruisers uf eacn nation of saspec«ed Teaaete carrying similar tlaga.•suns of Prance, Holland and Portugal, and in Braail and pray. .In tbe sight of that neap of smouldering ant * ben tbe Atlantic chimney waa built I applied an instru-bkMxi> run*—the dread ml monument of a cruel and wil- ment lo the top. and distinctly saw it ware in a high wind: tul maeeacr*—all this ostentatious mourning seems a i Fiippteed K might crack: we always avoid cracks, but Iwhites employed in the cotton mills of Massachusetts, u*y wouM be performing a deed of righteousness, and save the rep<itauou of the thato from the just condemna- tion ot every friend ot tbe white laborer m any part of tbe world.'be Duck Mill now is, but Mr. Putnam, for some reason, »anted it built higher; be asked whether I thought it would bear it, and I told him I thought it would; we -bouLi have spread the chimney more at the base had we -upiwred it would have been built so high; we put itformed by men who dag the ore. worked the metal andforged the chain that now binds together this grand con-federation ot States. You have wt 11 assured us taat thosemen knew the value of the pncele»s inheritance o*--queathed to us. their children. If, Mr. President,it were possible for u* to transport ourselves, as a ntti-in.to some remote period of antiquity, and from thence bepermitted to pass down the current of human event*,amidst the wrecks and wretcheuces.-. that have strewedthe course of time, with all those frightful monuments ofhuman pride, weakness and u-.ly --monument- Uia1. >.ir-main mall then- Eolcsan grandeur, standing like beaconli^bls ui tbe | alhway of nations, warning us and all comlLf. generations lo beware l<-t a w-ors.- fat.- befall d- l< facts became known from one of the cieras of the it were possible for ua to read aright those monuments <'Katafahaiaadiag tneae groat and sawaasafai efforts toaappreas the slave trade, slavery continued to existwherever it had been introduced. It rcia*iaod in manyBrash colonies, a« it still does in Cuba, various poeae»< are all stopped, and tbe workmen are allowed to go and i vibiateo with high winds and caused a crack ,contemplate the great variety of goods to which we layclaim.comprising from "a needle to an anchor," extendmg to the railroad, the locomotive, ponderous tripham-mers and iron shafts of many tons, not forgetuag sora-: ofbur larger specimens, such as iron btores, the (Ireat Easternand tbe Victoria Bridge across the St. Lawrence, we mayvery modestly ask, What would become of the worldwithout hardware I' (Laughter and applause) Hardwaremen, however, are usually very retiring, yet tneworld would never know it, unless we to!1 them; but wemay console ourselves with tbe thought that true greatness is always modest. Whilst we are among ourselveswe can afford to glorify a little We may auk what wouldthe ladies do without our help' Tbe needle is very small.but bov man* millions do they use and what a wonderful work they perform with hundreds of tins of sheetsteel, and how they expand upon its utility, will be morethan intimated in a walit down Broadway, ((ireatlaughter.) Then the hardware pins, tbe ladies' weaponsof offence and defence, too extended in their applicationto admit of going Into particulars. Then, too, the sewingmachines that do more work than there was to be donebefore their introduction, and yet leave more work thanever to bo done- We may omit their scissors and thim-bles, and many lesser articles, but were the- ladieswithout them, a hardwarrman would lx« sought tothe ends of tbe earth Our business, thoughmade up of detail, is not simply a retail busiuess; needlesare sold by tbe package, scissors by tbe cask, pins by thecase: and we can receive orders for live story iron storesby the dozen, steamships and bridges by lb.' mile, andcut off to order' Five hundred quart<> pages would notcontain an enumeration of the articles iu the hardwareline, although a hundred or two would about contain theinventory of an ordinary shell atock It is a business thaicalls ont the whole of a man's faculties it has detailsenough to demand his closed attention, diver*.ty stuiir.ioutto tax any memory, thought enough to expau 1any mind,calculation to tax the most arithmetical and enlarge tbefullest judgment A peculiarity is, that the whole atten required to enable|us to »ear with the faults and weakness tion is aroused and required, and you find that the. tho-THK RXPOHT OF THK ACCIDttXT IN THE CITY. Considerable excitement was apparent about in- Uepete of tbe Hudson River Railroad last m^it, large numbe:- having gathered aboot the upper station to ascertain uie true facte of the accident. NOthim: uifl-r-nt conkl oe had, however, from any of the employes, au-i curum* rumors were atioat as to tbe numrver ol ».: 1-J«1 and Sounded. Some reported ten or futeen ku.e.j, and many more wounded; but at a late hour tne trueappremiceE', and then freeing them afterwards from tail •onditiiHi on » 8tiba\-«|o>iat d*j . which was, howayrr , an- ticipated by rolonial k?frslatH>n. Thi* act treat<fd slaves aa property, an<l paid lor it the sum of twenty millions ofpounds sterling, which very speedily found taair way to their pockets nearly in vain.hack to England to tbe creditors of West India planters. M would be BMpnamble to folio a tats example iu the fasted 3satsa. even If our Southern fneaos were willing. TliiMsssiiili uf aiiliiimn of dollars weald be requsred, and aaeh an amount could not be raised or secured by any pwsbf system o: taxation or llaaaee to which *e areTbe undersigned believe that they express the eenti %t have thus, as briefly as possible, given an aathao af minis ot tbe Lodge when they say that tbe case of thewere among those injured, she fainted awayovercome with joy. Several who were on the i.- were for a short time about the upper depot ou their arrive, m the city, bat none seemed courteous enough te giveTo-day is a day or mourning in Lawrence. The mills »p to its present height, and, as all chimneys do,the I'nned States Th- Britaah government continued iUawtry by pasaiui; MIact in 1K14 abnii>liiag slavery- in all Solemn mockery But it is a severe retribution upon -m reheaded no danger. the chimney and tbe part of the Brhah uiianiej, ami placing Urn n<jgraea on the foot.ng of ttiuM who »ve to tell the story of the riches they have tiuildiiig cracked are cow standing; when I first came toreared t n m the immoiaiion ot so many human beatgs. 1 aw recce, it became fashionable or desirable to have iron Mayor Sufi-cers eel's lor gfto.WX) for the relief of tbe in.nimns in mills, we accordingly made a.plan for ironruflt-rers Almost any one td the gigantic New Englandmanufacturing corporations can attord to lose twice ortbnee as much by a swindling treasurer, but the screamsand groans of their wounded and dying operatives appeal of tbe upper part, we never bad used any model with a1 win write again to night.m AID FOR THE SUFFERERS.The following letter was sent to Mr. John H. Watson, onyesterday —pintle going through the beam. (Mr. Bigelow here real some correspondence between himself and Mr. Putnam in relation to the iron pillars, and which led to the adoption of the styles which were used in the building of the mill.) Tbe plan of the pillars did not come from my suggestion,! having always need another kind. I decided that the pil- lars would bear any vertical pressure that would be i.ruught upon them, and so informed Mr Putnam; mypast experience, we shjould then be prepared rightly toestimate the value of the rich iuheritancs we possess—aninheritance won for us by the virtue, the tod.Buttering and death oi thousands of our; atnot lathers. We should then know tue worth qf Ui>-inestimable right and privilege wo eojoy—the privilege toiorm and carry on a government o. oar choice—a go train; but when informed that no \eminent Sounded on ihewniof those to be goverued.State oi on the child re ri being a..empty wice at tbe bottom; nine feet, I think, as the plan-flection, or as near perfection as is ever obtained in >[<y mill: th • beams were anchors into the walls at tbe -ioe; the irons were turned up at th.' ends, and went AHbin four inches of the wall, and up into the brtcics•ome di*!ance; those anchored were so thoroughly imbeddivided into many separate stores. Our gathering thisevening represents not only the shelf or general hard-ware, but aiao individual classes, such as dealers tometals, tin in plates, cut nails, bar Iron, steel in its va-riety; also specific parts of the trade by locality, as dealers in goods from Sheffield, Birmingham, France, Germany, Belgium, as well as our respected foreign agenciesand individual dealers to specific articles. Y et they are allchildren of the aame parents, brethren of tbi same fami r< inmon bono. You,have well said tbat this bond w+* dent might have been avoided ly, branches of the same noble hardware tree When wepillars is the Essex machine shops; they were made with i clasp to go around the beam, and not with a pintle, tike torse; the clasp was sullicientty strong to bear the forceroad, who seemed anxious to reoeve the minus uf many who bad friends on the tram, and feared that they were among those tnjureJ Au old iady was running about the depot in a great excitement, having had two childrenshould lake th- lead in snch matters aa tbat under con and It broke; Mr Coolidge aaw it and reported to m»; wesideration Happy to have been the Masonic pioneer in made all the noise about it we could; wnet I said to Mr more adapted to al' kinds of business than is usuallyproduced blind cracks, which would not have been visi- science; yet far all the practical purposes of intelligent,ble, but which would have been dangerous to the mill.(j —Would net a blow from a nail hammer have eunk through the casting* which you have seen. A.—We •himUi cot have need a nail hammer, but should haveNEW YORK. Jan. IS, 1M0. ib»uktt them much stronger: we never mistrusted they Received (Irom New York Lodge, No. 330, F. and A.If., KI re ,n such a condition ad thai; the specimens which 1El>. G. P. WnJCLVS, NEW YORK. Jan. 18,18bO.Conunit.ee. 0through thur Committee, Messrs Charles D. Brown andJul. G. 1*. 'Wilains. twenty nve dollars for the relief of the < ore in ibe castingevery ey.-,where tbe face bears the marks of ib-own expe- rience, and the body the mould ol active and vigorous exol' the sentiment you have drank, i win say with al. mv heart, let u.- imitate- tne holy patriotism ol our father* by our unyielding devotion to protect and preserve the gici ions L'n'on under which we live. 1 will only detail, ycu to give a sentiment. 1 will give you—tbat the country . in Uf preeent exefcxi and dta!urbe-l ooaUiflpu, neecs some cre<tt niuionai «-<weervauve party h£e s..Hirers by the recent calamity at 1-awrence. Mass. A piece of one of the hollow pillars was hero shown Mr. erlioii. Oentlemeti, we a:o to accouir. thes< attainmentsMr John C. Iloardley (formerly superintendent of the $10 tiiamci! lhat it wat technically called a choplet, and wasdeclaration of their patnteai faith *> about Uie s.*me af that Horace lireetry h Co., Rev Dr. S. H Turner.. 10 necessary in the construction of hollow columns to keepTbe sMenee and philosopbv of povernnient—The star of theat fanner yearn They b e a w e met tbe c*>vernmeift shoutc N. Y Trtimn* 250 W. D. Seatallhw conaaen to tbe exereaM^ of powvrfc nspresaty granted, Fdward 1-amt>ert a Oo. •io W. F .B >10 <he cote in its place. I have no doubt the dcvelope a menu of this accident have shown that there were 5 efects in the pillars, but theso were not visibletbe whole company rising and cheering for several miIn response to the ' clergy'' Rev. IV VBSarjrrk that the latter train eonlu.ue.' on its way at a great speed.aa* atcvs»*ri y tmp<ie<i by the onn.ititauoa that: aa the 26 C.J. Role make and cuntni the govnrament, they Hast*fs,P!naptonhCo. .5 ttrinnell,MlnturnkCo. 10 «bentheycome from the foundry;there isno circumspoke of the importance of the clergy speaking out their minds at tbe present i roe, though tnev saouli cotigi.'.-r what they ssy, and if it was to accordance with truth, they should act upon it. He thought the clergy would be a sort of balance wheel, if they were men of correct judgment and correct spirit, and if they were listened to at such time-! in the pro ft*r utterance of their sentiments, good and not evil would reeuit to the community. If the clergy were duly appreciated, th.' great and glorious fabric of our liberty would sot only be sustained, but it would become stronger and stronger. and then we might hope that we shall transmit those blessings to coming time, and tbat the union of tbe States under which we were permitted in God's providence woukl he perpetual.JaaasT BRAI-'Yreplied to the ninth toast ina highlynumerous speech, keeping tbe company to a roar fromthe commencement to the close of bJs remarks. Amongother things he said he bad read Helper's book, and theywho knew bis politics could well understand what aneffort tbat was to him. (Criee of "good,' "good," and subject "Chemistry of Carbon.'' The audience was not applause ) He was delighted that whenever the nameimpiieiUy obey aa oaasttiuuan, laws andUna the revenue, auiuciciii. lor the Biap^iorl ot'•mrerlunent in time of poao-, ought to be derivenIretu a1 duty on iini»orta, and not rrom direct thxiuon, Lewis 8. Brown ft Co.. 10 D. S. Gregory & Co., n leuly. giving no warning; wooden piliars would have that the Presidential service should be restrtc^d to Uavitt, Toieit at Co 10 Amer. Mills, Jer.Qty. 50 given way more gradually, had tbe defect been m the a *•**>- term. They are m favor of the reatrtruou SprooliB, Meeker & Co.. 3u Chaa. H. Seaman 6 *»lls or foundation; the mill was a model in the eyes «,r ta»- veto power They aelfe ve that tne proeeede ot the Gustavo* WolTers A Co. 10 John Anderson s. Co... 26 r all experienced persons lor the perfection with whichand overtook the Harlem train in the middle <•' the tuntei, smashing Its rear car Mr. William Palmer, of Wbne plains, was picked up insensible He soon rallied nnoer proper treatment, and was sent to las home or: tbe return train. His injuries are mainly interna! Mrs Dijah Bradford, also of White riain?. had three of ber ribs om ken and was otherwise injured. Tne ciliisinu threw ber from her seat into the middle aisle, when several stepped upon her Mr James Fox. of tbe Manhattan ties Works was also thrown into tbe aisle, and narrowly escaped the fate of Mrs. Bradford. Tbe engine of tbe New Haven tt sin was dambled by the accident Only th>- platform o: the rear car of the Harlem train was demohaned.aaa-s of public lands belong to tne amies, that tawy abooia fay w fi DwksnnToUti10 R. P. & It Co Cash10 Cash 1020 I run for six years, for a year or two slier 1 handed toe 5 mill over complete, I was in constantly tosec how it went.awt he rWkirnniv squandered or given away; that the expaaacs ot imnimntii ahoahl be met from otaer source.-.m*>* tbat mean ptot-oodB should be owtrtbtited amoag tnoee W J. Morrison26ae delicate bearing of the shafting si the south end and ill along the rioor, Aas remaritably truo and steady; evena slight settling ol no consequence would have been no need at once; for a year or two after their construction I nave repeatedly put my eye along their length, and they sere found perfectly true to their original hue, and I wassurprised at their steadiness.The inquest was resumed at seven o'clock P. M. LIbridge ocelyn testified, he bad been a founder thirtyto whom they rightful!v belong They deprecate tall fu ms of the slavery qjaaticn, and will awsounteTall afflbra at the renewal or contuaance hf such whenever or wherever the attempt may be The subject of ahrvaty is one that should be left •hare tha ooostitonrai hmwea *. to be dwpoaed mi ay the people of aaeh State: astd they will maintain that aahey a» ana easeatati to tbe aatwaahty ot theJOHN H. WATSON, 100 Broadway Niw Yojuc, Jan. 18, lfteu.tully, yours, Jaanw GonscsG. SWAN.) ACTOB Horaa, Jan. 18,18*0 /lecture was delivered last evening at tbe Cooper Institute, according to advertawmeat, by Professor 8Uliman. on theBsaa Bis—In my note to yea of yesterday, wnaloaing a oontrihnuon m am ot the Lawrence suderere. I intended IOhave mentioned that the money was mainly collected bv Mr. James Tray, ane of the employes of the Aster. ight: cars; had examined the pillars of the Pemberton Mill; the iron appeared good, tbe casting very hid; could have discovered the imperfection in Bich as tbe one exwhat party, aad tbe integrity of tha lamatbty reaera e their cnossiiac tmrmaont to the Inderalaaaithaiirai. They call upon the whaat of New York to Moose It seems to me toax 1 should mak the correction tiibltod and would have oroken it up; witness cast the taaaam true to their principles, and net he deceived by thetec* that the whig aartv is dead, for that party can neverah* whs* aa Kvarett, a Cristsartrai, a Sail, aad a Wmtbrophuge, but then tbe Bias of the large ball In which tbe tecnow to joeuoe to that philanthropic gentleman. Reepact-pillars for the Atlantic Mill, thev were tested by pooudtng with a sledge; it took two men half an hour to ttwt six or eipht pillars; the Atlantic pillars were seven inchee in diameter in the tower story, and thicker than in th« Pemberton; each pillar in the Atlantic weighed 900 pounds,Union had been mentioned on that occasion, there was a response to it that indicated he was m the society of gen tlr men who knew bow to love their country. (Applause > The sentiments expresses: by the clergy gave him encourtore was delivered must be taken into consideration Afterbriefly prefacing aad stating has theories, tbe lecturer demottstrated his principles by practical experiments, saaayof which were very axatrncBve aad mteresung The snrr.avo seen indicate- a most carol, ts manipulation of theJOHN H WATSON, B.gclow wrth a pieee of wrought iron tasteae<l to the inte at their proper value, wo are also to cherish, what ourbusiness facilitates, tim love of mercantile honor and those high attainments in morals, without which all else is as i ounug. No accumulat on of riches, no elevation toPer J. M. Tighe. i. r in one cf the Bides. Mr Bigelow did not understand Tbe following additional donations were received for is natureNo 43 Chambers street 10 E.H. C 5 -larice which points to the detects in these pillars an tbeT R. Mcllwane 10 S. S. Constant &family. 46 5 F. M. Jones h Co•aiise of tbe accident wooden and brick walls give warning of their destruction, but castings give out sudJohn Butier, 79 Cham- bers streetTH£ CONTSIBTTION OF THK ABTOB BOU8B. TaunaarB OrncK,City IntelllateBtce.laCTunx sr PnosBBBua Hrtiram ATCoora bsiittia—AC O N T I N U A T I O N O F T H E C O R O N E R S IN- in tenting pillars, we struck them bard enough to break eial interests. She beto meet of trade; may u everoceupy 1the Professor, among others eepecutily, tne sohdiaoeuanQUEST.Lasanncn, Mass.. Jan. 18, 18S0.a ilefetive one, but not to injure a strong one; we made piilars for tho Bay State Hills; the praties were stronger, than these and the flange twice asit* pi scant honorable position. Music—"Thou Fallhlul Uuar -of mercury, elicited heeriy snpteuce froantbe^iea wMaSBAt the inquest to dsy Charms H. Bajeiow, who had the thick; consider that pintle no reliable aupjort; lalwrysso often ased for poHttcel tmrposas, was « w * ^ * » » plete laboratory than - stomp or nohtaaaj^esarem. _rro-of the Pemberton MUM, was the moat tm Be teeaned as follows:—I live& The Fmoa—No common lioud k was made by men whoof these pillars before casting; knew Albert Fuller, of the did not underatand M to in New Bedford ami am a civil engineer that baa been Eagtojlronworks, where these were cast; he wa* alwaysteeiwnesnlatectwfllaeyi sidssta scshorased.under Captain Thayer at Fort Warren.WnaBstlnn mm came yea to leave the United States r.da coois o.ui-fc«t, and tbe aneqnal tension renders themof tbe tatter »heoJd bean tha gtaaa turned towards liberty Captain of tbe American Army—(cheers)—Snott who, street, aad theasaac wtth raanrd to Broadway, la aomeservice'r Answer -Prifate reasons Md ate to look to the ctvU service, and gentlemen Ined see to go into the manufacturingable to warp; we test by inspection and hammering a difference of half an inch could he detected; have seen three pillar* itt the ruins, which, if properly inspected, tfcoald have been rejected; witness was struck with tbe. tack of stabiii:v in the lines of support at the Pemberton Mill; If one pillar broke, it seemed tbat tbe whole mostpolitical diatribes, but always remembered as the G work.-,theoeeibeidealtbe other real Lawiaraertalbard thank God, still survived, in regard »localitiestbeManashavebeanturnedatright a&gtesfrom their proper aaSBboaa. and MI many nana of the ctty they so that a green person m actuahyy salnasal fresn the intended ta _ af the names of the streets ©a theSato tnsir aervvseleaving th« United States aer rtoe, and 1 acceptedMr. btorrow a mritation aad west there ia March, lsefi,aa otril easpheeri I had charge of the construehen of the foBmrtng aaUM it the order men H-. - j _ AAS It- i smaii __-a -*-• - ar. - - fc- s»sjill Tatmianlsln eeTassaawBU — AttwnawaJrT lDUal sVO*A QawawSiaisaaVa jjTsTwi awQll* l^wCMwCMill aad Pemberton Mill;* I -*d »Mo charge hf the coaatrwehon of the dam an.snch as makiag a contract for the glass. for ait tha shiftAdjourned till nine o'clock Thursday.Jeraey City Sews. CotraciL.—The regular meeting of theCouncilwas held on fanadny evening. Warrants ware ordered fa he drawn It behsif of the Board of EducationHeaven, wnose W«*»f» "L^aokm*deaaajiajwsa af the tooth were ^ - " ^.ad deairayhss kWaDaaas • ' ^ £ £ £ 5 ? ^ ^ rOfssg awd •IIIBBS af tha miU, forthearou add forces m the carpssjBarmg and athe:, aad to of' T ^ n ^ a L d ^ T ^ T a l l a ^ f o n - . ^ ^ • « « - - _i!hi J?«if!Il^r»oT aedwlta them nob. lake what youttoa of the bqikhng go an sucosBalully; tf was tiitr mtor eat to have the construction in the manner a>.«'. advanaad George C. Busne, of Warren, secretary. Tbe Untitled Document proceedings increase ia Interest as the business advancer.T a - i i . M a w l . aad p*Ui ascetoer when dri«inc tarn I«*Y oweulate well waetber wbeu belted around pul-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069to«,*«oll,forBaJarieaandothe/claiaMto tbe city charter, to be presented to thel*gaua*uret far tha appahirmaar of aha ponce during good b*-tmvio«ir,tbenjinimaliotuitorjenmdebyU»Mayor, waa adopted. The C.>tnmittee on Streets reported that they had no power \> Interfere with the Bergen Horse Kailroad at the awStaane of certain remonstrants, aha ordinance having bean already passed. Tton Laws and Oromanors Was reqoasted to for the opening of Montgomery street.K d b i s seat in the atids* of several rnsjhda of cheers. The other toasts were responded to, and she baaanr>tdidnotbreskupttilalate,orratbawanearlyhonrmthcix or a Baronie on rwt BCBTTLUU —On Ssturdav it, aaystfaePhtasdatpMa XeaVsrof the lath mat, the senire span of the wooden toll bridge across the Schuylkill at the Falls, fell to the water, thereby cutting off ail eomrau mention between the two shores at this point. Tern span began to settle aad get ont of shape about a year ago, aad the bridge ccaapasy had props placed under it. bnt early last week the has knocked the props away, and tbe bridge waa then eaosed to travellers. That bridge waa erected in 1*48 by a stock company, at a cost of ahout S3s.-ooc.and for severs! years the citizens in the victnrty af the Palls have been t*titiote.Dg councils to purchase tbe bridge andmake it fraa.Cosrvs>"rnw.—A convention of torn men was held at the siuaic Hill, Newark, yasterwealth:wbh^aaam ponr.sea w» ^.^Q.—Do yon kaow why this psvvaadti was made?wbat euoatotour The jary foomi A.-The khaex thaanany wathed to have the erec day. me Rev. & W. UTiUard,of Morris, was elected pre ^i% *^^i-^ainr^»fo1ww»re - atreotly attached lom Qareadoe district.' e, and bang-A nfound elsewhere. It is not his province to till the pulpit or the forum, to electrify the public with his elo- que nee. or to astound them with the discourses of hiddenexpressionofUwMnsts "tarntotheMaalc "Life on th ocean Wave.ha Woman—Made from ths nb of a aaaa, it has proved to behis better half. Music, "Bares a ueaiui to ah g >-***..-« The freakiest read a letter Iro.u ...»». •«" •'••»''Book Association: Rev. Drs. Vermilye and Vinton; pressing his regret at aemg preventeii by ofiiov>i nun from being prtftnt. |He ai*'^ real a letter from tne H«Ogden, Esq ; Peter Cooper, Esq.; David D o w , Presidentof tbe Corn Exchange: Jackson S. Schultt, President ofwhich contained, of course, all tbe delicacies of the sea timent:—"Success and prosperity to the objects of yourwain, it bas been stated, were composed of two walls, discoursed some of their choicest strains while the bappy countenances before him he saw no cvideac* of train came on wtth great force aad ran into the rear car wafted to Heaven, and the wretched mo- with a hollow space; this was an error; it n members and guests were pertaking of the bounteous re- uaniwaie Stall, but When be looked at nuuacl. u- cu as of onr train, cutting it complexiv through, and alsoone wall with air tubes in it, Mas tlaa two test by four inches, In s borixmtai arm there were four of these nuci m every ten feet; from the.Hire to the centre of the windows there were eight inches ot solid brick externally, then four inches talcing a cross section of an air true, and then eight inches of intowere solid without tbe sir tubes, but don't remember what having been elected, and more recently re-elected to the rose to speak, the Glee Club Bang an original soug entitled got on tbe trata at Rondont, was very badlyThe I'liKunuvr announced the fifth regular to***, an respecting place of tanning of negros found in farutnian to impair tbe truthfulness of the witnesses who testify in om to top wbeie the walls were; 1think parts of the wall me to express my thanks for the honor conferred in called upon Peter Cooper to respond. Before Mr. Cooperpart; I can't aay whether ibis was a variation from tne place I now occupy.• rttjmai plan or not: the thickness of the wails were amply Gentlemen of the .New York Hardware Trade—ThM oc--efficient to bear any vertical pressure which could be casion adds the third bright link to our festal cbpin, and r.iou«tbi upon them in this mill; the weight which into be may we not hope tbat coming years shall continue to add"The Song of the Sledge Hammer, ' from wntcn we Uk, the subjoined mi BUB:—I'm an eld sledge bam n-r. ttr There's lots of prime eld hardware,In all our States we feel,For Freedom keeps ber guard where ,inch heart kt true as steel; Our traitors are but shammers,Bsee metal bound to fly,When Union's mighty hammers,The nation's temper try.Aad now in grand communion, Let Sledge and Anvil be,To pledge our nation's onion, From centre to the sea;With Freedom's banner o'er as. Tree Hardware men we'll stand,And sing the Union chorus, God bless our noble land.I'm an old sledge hammer, lion'! you hear me nag,injured, and was left at Yoakere, where she has since died. Her husband, Mr T W Field, was >n bis way to Williamsburg wtth his wife. They were married at Kingston yesterday morning Bishop Mcf.no* ky.of tbe Catholic church, was also badly injured, sad was left at Toakers, where he was cared for by toe Oatho he priest of that place. Mrs. Schirmer, of No. 64 Witiett street, in this city, reeerved a severe cut on the head, and was brought down to the city and taken to ber residence Mr. D. M. Irwin, of No. 71 Horatio street, was seriousty injured, sad htt wife slightly, they both c «nv- on to tbe city Mrs. Thompson, wife of John tbompeou, th-- hank note reporter, of Wall street, had one of ber leg* broken, and was otherwise seriously ir>jured She came to the city and was taken In a carriage to (he st Nicholas Hotel. There were six or eight passengers, whose names I did not learn, who were badly injured and left, seme atdrua i! upon these structures is always a subject of caicu micD before they are bui", the floors were constructed *"b beams. each beam was made of two poets varying a i'tie from sixteen inches in depth, and making them wnento its bright length, and afford us many such bappy re unions:' Tms is an assemblage of gentlemen whose com munity of interests teem to require that such an opportu- nity should he annually afforded to see eacu other's facereputation for integrity and truthfulness than Mr. Craw- at in, sixteen inched square or thereabouts; the timber around the social board, and to make stronger thoseHaven down train, which was going in the same dic- machineihopandlounaryhere)wascalled,andex station,nohonorabledistiuchon,L>worthaaameoraworld'shope:thebusinessofwisementostudy,understandtionWhentheHarlemtrainhadectereifi-timelinefame unless it leaves an unsullied honor and a lair retro- spection. "An honest man is the noblest work of Ood:" and may this,be our higheit ambition, and our privilege to associate wtoatevpr is lovely and of (rood report with ail who shall honestly bear the name ol a uardwaremaa. (Applause.)A song, -'Strike the Anvil,'" was then sung in a very effective style few the Glee Club (amateurs in the trade). the firet an ; lait verses of which we subjoin —We have come from trade and traillicking,. From business and from care,To join our annual greeting here, ADd bail theooeuiog year:And While around this social board, We'll mingle friend wii.li friend,And prove that while our Ware is Hard, Our friendship has no end.Now strike tbe anvil, one and all. And make the welkin nog;In toast and song tins night we'll join. And every chorus sing:And )st the outside world observe, Tbht once a year at least,Tbe foods of trade shall not invade Otf hardware annual least.The following were the regular toasts:—1. Tbe PreaatSFt of tbe United States Music -"Hall (Jolam bla," by Dodwartb » Hand: reueived wtth loon shsertng.and follow.This sentiment was received with marked enthusiasm,2. Ibe Oovarnor of tbe elate of hew Vjrk. Air—'uover agement What political sentiments you »<• I entertain. saidA Morality and Cheerfulness—Both aaopUy taught in the Scriptures, and excellent attainments ta relieve the hardwear ot life Musis—"AU of Life u Lo-e "avoid square shoulders at the head of a pintle like thts;should think the core not properly secured in tbe miiil. dag the are, worked Ike mew. and forced the cb HO*taat Mod to speak of the flag of oar country. There were aewsoaTbe platform at the rear cl the hall, which "ffJf*"PT ndiaU» u lhritain in iron might fail, and that the resources alt mi town. Tbe place where we stopped was hot a few rodsd ihe> bad put nim under tbe screws (Laugbn^r.) He ,<.,r«>rfert the impression which prevailed »n»n »>>* c""i panyaassted Mr. Breed, by saying tbat Tubal Chin waa me nret hardware man. Before ne wooiu u s » u » »...» be would ask some philosopher ti solve a problem which had never been solved, namely: What becomes of all the pins r (Uproarious laagbter )C»gni»ii took bis place at the upper entrsne- to warn tne approaching New Haven tran His p^nat* were not nutes. seen, or at least not attended to The conseqviecoe wisit together; ths* anew Ma value, aad bequeathed ttaa a pnee pert in tbe country that nested the sobject of tbe Unionlea* inheritance to their children; let us imnu* the holjr pa as if it involved only the dnli phxtamdes of a Tax Stmrnr LAXCW—Tbe cawdehj whose baseness it • to trtotiem ot our fathers by our \ eyielding devotion to 1M am Fourth of Jury oration ; but may the greatand preeer ration. Muaic— fust part of the "Song of God of Heaven (said be) dispense for sae the look after tbe eendttton af the street temps, iwsirs:aad of ^asacaaajawf •£*• Stay earMni#a- laws resided in nw Iw»» ctn«a.a r mf mrvaam,arnwi u* Me, Pa., •wSwTi were insulting the principles that reaatsd in the^ t o r t h T ^ c l a l s a e d to belong. We. Brady reMprising chemical changes performed very socceaWutiy by•f Teni^rats. www.fultonhistory.com 