 f.V'allow me ooBBent on an article of Mr. Wao's, ooplsd iato thefromaprateaaea far Mr.Deanaa. M^>"-I-.....;favoir with man, their subserviency to a par-unbeliever ; but, having none of that reasoning announcements ol His revealed will abundantlyFrtneh, one to tbe Chilian, and tbe balance In the.: forupon natural relieion the and the delightful contemplations ol,the former gave hima their re- prejudice againsthardly any its structurepoUtical arrangementMImI, aner doe «zan 4«rite tbat w« ihallAnwUehhenoatiaw* fSt'', He also created the auH" of man, outA,tflaiMblitasteaeMoiutBtaaiU^fSeAriwoeratts,alaalaia«» v, BUhat* iio aon impor- IkiMik ttti worth7<«f aJM^tten la tbe rald-OMt aaaar bew efafepMaajrlth dlmloiddag, Vtm. Sto*tta aonHieO^aC,"thiilliilii ii'Ivades allimporunt thatlae B^hSZSLaSyMlhof oar conduct—U^it ia beDeficence rmtherwgalatiil.il giJa»ijafc'l&-,__^ aaat waa aqga^ftv -Maya0Mbene«pieDee,at Im^benevolencewUdi can bs regarded as a virtue,state,tbe tAeKaa- author of a woik that had aial withMl* in a frw jntttr"'"* have this enjoyment I ished.faculties and moral feelinga to further the progress cal combinations, even in unfavorable circumstan-tUed for sale at auction April 19.ed Mr. Caaaun B. PouiaHUs Chilian Consol for tbe be of tervlce beieafler. Had they knosm the true Btlllmoie, hat that bit wni ga ite« only—-the force of this;dsM of mercy or tuat had not beenpoUtlcsImay for new &c. AllSenator Batasd baa'drjiTRnawJMRfc la^tha doty, uid such ought to be the pleas- ,1fi't( all man, each in hia station, and at every 'mi,ttOBxtbeentranceintoactivelife downtoits dSaa>o«aa of those whose yeara make it neces-and does formation,ttreagthea "mnadmitted;indeed, even where- he had no biasremovedfireta loag Hr.W. I,- ntHOitatA reiaz, though byuptheirBut most important, andour feeble naturefrom Dr. Pagb'ito thefrom tpoheysicianand thenwho had it In was removedto keW- OB the Than can be no It is nowerIhBtafntaelM. lighU and bestows the same ^^eajonaenta. aimfah<adorj»j!aeaMBaglMlaaa wm be patHa BcaliL AtawrejuafiaitfaFi'e-C^•ddiitableadmitiad..In tb* hMnyofertioa «r ciftatiTe powiT trfand cMtaiatMhar races not Jiefate azisaogan ex-atoaeianatepMid.J. that* was an ox- a 'feeling nature, placed him ia a universe of an<I>r. Roeias, with their famUlearware wi%( sirafadtka«mgtkofIke inatracwo ofMUdv^tbaatoincukatatfaaneattruth—eraa aofliathe'SmathaveballevakinthemirKla ofattenltonwithi^ashown intUage, fadrettaonthe aame grounds as to a futuretom aie subservient—as love to the continuance of theoetslnfrelfhtaadpasaeonra.Saeacquits herselfof rraaHaa that the of a Bring is, Interpoeitioa ordertbeaad the force ofeompuypbwatM Moagh to ausiWDd the Establishedof make a new one. The argumentthe useswhich the feelhigs and the passionswbtatdhtgoreatveatofnaktfoaataeeae,msiuahnte'*^' iiihi riaililf Ibe jiimgal ammi to conUeace and respect. Mere good soJtraehe denies the proof of a power to con- race, the affections to the rearing of It, hope to ea-nieaaguidedby goodjadgment,may I anriable, bat must be barren of goodtinue tbe soul apart from the body. But there is cooiage and sustain, fear to protect 6om danger—anIn- this material difference in the evidence, that of thesame day at evening from TaJeahaaao for Boston. sitlOB ubUI attacked by tbe disease wliloh put aa end S^e9!hCeaai«B,«i« Uit,SIl^may prove of us con- themeat of tbematerial. But mark to be regutered, 990 for nealect. THK FBiaiDUCT—WHO WAl BAOMnOm ?—tH« sHh^o*n«ld"b'e"U.Ildtjhjfrfeetaaixad Sootkatk «SSitheir heire may find other* yet tinued existence. Its entirely differentof itsTHE OHIO RBPVBLICAffS.UPOBLI0A> BIBOK—ao OLAIM TO TBI ttoa, where Ikay eaa toader thT orL^SZ^tcombination, and the aoul, fromdoandnothingelse. Butinthesameile-giaa in which the pursuit of truth must be the suleabject, so is tlie beating entirely with those who moter of error, are ol such vast importance one House, given by Lady Belhaten, which washasafely down at IhnoHpardedstudies themselves in which he has been the pro- tended an in the ofa lesson, and it great piacticalmaymonths, EiU the delay does not stop here—one position ia involved in tbe other. We canno: can be deemed too great, no care too unremitting, ing in and _around Edinburgh, by various distin-distinguished and venerated schoUr were carried idcooUy,mptjonitfinallyreactied, aid th: motioa to argued,I III! iiiilj liii the ground oi our aiisac pro-vinc or pitying, but on DO account of blaming, f^they have honestly formed their opinions uponwhateverthey may be blamed fur the misconduct ot the un- Nothingdentanding, but not for the opinions, however er- sometiaics felt, but otxener professed, ot naturalftisii IISaand then cornea another motioa to slrika It oat, aaathen. Indeed, a year pataet before thU can be rssehad andstrlckeaoat.moral, political, or religJou>. supportroneoos^ to which it has ied them. To God ihev religion by the advocates ol revealedof Greece.This sad but not unlooked for event calls for tomesubject,and not to man, and in prooortioain the subject of religion, there:'oic, haaneat oi all, because there even care'iessnes!-,Sblps aad Public Enterprises—.Utncella- noaus latelltgeDce*priestnoodareta the importance of the subject is the responsi-who had his on the of final prejudices subjectcauses, occasioned by the abuse of that doctrine, describes natural religion as "the key of revealed,Correspondent. 1,it cannot but be familiar to those who havempooaible,ttieTruss,this state ofafalrt ?truly aJarmlog In aboat threeUUtT heavy;'•committed toourcaie. Unknown regions remain tobe opened up—sparse settlements are teen just dot-ting the wilderness, and the hunter still wanders rightfulbefore the King and yueen upon the oc- Pliacea, held it the duty of a true knight when he casion of the naval victory in 1672, affirms that.MIs'.:£LLANEOU."-'.The llichmont: Empiircr says that Ho:i. Hax.ii.il,to water,liOCia,) the mildest and most conscientious of preachedmet unbelievere not to reason with them, but putIlAMtj.N hasto residents of that city. It wa.\esthem to death;so little could he h'we openedeloquentunder thesvary kind proceeds from tbe same coafusion oi i>e less shy than they too often art (not PaLit,about or it six,bemay eight,attadlins civil disqualificatious to religious opin-requiredit ;en( peison, in whose great capacity and celftbrity sciences, as well as natural reiigios, must gain byifc^uld be plainly spoken—ilr. Hcme wa» noi a gtpdc eiiaer in hia poUtical or religious errors.on the necessity of interi'eience to retain the plan-ets in their path, has' thus afforded a very striking The registration of voters for the ne.tt Presidential illustration ol the rational which is the election takes place In Novem»r of this year. Theprslatt, being meie tempts keeptool of the Sultan, laid the sntlre clergy of the re- subsequent to the Baliimore Convention—then go in ror of luniight; 1 can a»ti:r» you that tap 0<her volted province! ol the Turkish Empue under the the latter Convention and demand of New- York to do would be Injured by t.ie rompariton; Gn>I*rnrj«st ban. and denied the validity of ail sacerdotal ac'-s what lunderttand New York hat promised to do If now experitncinc vuur Fkiii at poUtisal troUlagt andlM opInlatM were perfect, decidec; whenoptimismt'est solution of the ancient but constantly recur- election itself occurs at the begimilng of 18<il. Incould be held upon positive or afiirmaiivea^' as ded^M as any that coulr. \.t heiJmere negation. Be was the adveisarv ol (,'1,ui2t evii." ii|bU. aai the ally of the Eoglish High OhuntiParty agaioat those rights, widely as ne iliitcretiiiMa all Churchmen upon the grounds ot the:: ture ottha mosithc-aap-belief and tbe foundations of theirupon all religion, natural and "r«»eal«d, a distr- Uever, rather than an unbeliever, the evi-;fated. Fortunately there are the mear,. of tri-prerogativeis to bring us»acquamted.IfAccordingly, Prof. PaAiutsiDis enutled his anony- received a itia.iortiyof an app.-op.-teleaddress. the whole Convention, that he genUeisn deiiv,;-..!omfcant refutationwhola argument of Hmi! rests mboeoontion of the nature ofupon atf entire inductive reason- and tt is not too much to affirnrthit ii he nad ever attended to any branch of natural philoso.i.yhe could not have ttlleu jnto so uianifest There ia no one part of the argument whichato have ascertained exactl,- the swift.| 1behair-ofheTri.s'ces. one of thorninggratificationness of the remotest planets, the;number ofto ascend from the universe toby memt>er that commu- usiness, the Presldeni, CoL W. C. Aiaxan e.-'i-or wc; 'd generilizi- tioa would be put an end to experimental in-authority which most toucied the Greeks was nearlyhere treated of, but all those atsumptloni of lordlywhich hadrower been made by tae See of Constan-ciati- Party would surely follow his nomlnatlun."|ireportment. speclfting the turn to be pahi by each Statenot destroy all Inductive science ;:allto assemble at Baltimore on the 16th is fraught withilnople analysis. each State.thediff>osiiionCoiiitantir.ople. The Church of tlie peoiotula and as 1 undersfodIt, imd on which alone thaniheloundtrlngofaiettsd poUdciaa. Youhare, underttandlngol them the mostthat no the and resid- pains largely attended by nobility gentryof allto exclude false doctrine, and inculcate s9undIhtag else, and we do not allow others to hold thei r opinions. Nor is it only in teaching divinity, tech- bers of the General Assembly of tlie Church oflUiirill from us a paramaunt duty. Indeeri. theimportantsolemn pomp, and accompanied by the whole b^dy of submit to see Ibe ProSlaverj tendency of ilifs Gov- siilke out lh» (Jcmnrrer grailed, the nex'. ptxtttiULguished strangers however different from ours. These dii- nically so called, in unfolding the truths of re- Scotland.bycompanied byastayofproceedingsoa thepartofbe in search of truth alone, but in pursuit of soine- gfoiaBS,ttievealed religion, that this duty can be discharged. The great doctrines of Natural Theology demand the closest attention, and afford the most valuablewhich," he says,opens our understanding to thehisejesthe better to receive the remote light of —that,we should persuade a man to put outInefort on the means lurmshed him by his position in'the cilir, It swells wi'h the force, and utters the voir^e of country as of Europe, whaf maypotiiblr hare causedUa aa having founded an infidel school or sect in the late proof o( the stability of the universe, be gianted that still many things more remain to be Swtland. It is fit that on this point tiie trutn so little suspected before our day that men argue done for the public weal.islandi of Greece wat forced in 1831, by the action of 1 would have tigned the addreu,lsloacc:editoardel- perhaps, proven that the one cat make a dasparatothe Patriarch and hit advlsert, to atsuint an equaliv egatet to Richmond and Baltimore both—recommend ttiugite 10 avoid bit doom—noted ntt slipping;power.things,con-.rive.i tliedence of the former, and declaring it to be' wholly invisil,:c i<. ihr- n.i.keddelegate;^ofrepectinginsufficieut to prove the e.tistence of a Deity pr lamp day,wingsana heak and feet ofmcourse that had beento lestore in a mooifisd form the old aulho-itv of flu the most Candida e. and .^<ld^ ".My col- BisST. Tbe Comml<»toner» present ware w«.the immortality of the souland reststhe state-ments which the latter upononly- timerswilterItague, avote ftitaNew- of ttew-false but hnpossible. This is notdogmatism. It is the assertion that of a miracle theregest, of Riiode Island;holdingto be notMr. Gtotxtrsxxa. diflered »iih me—conte- Cnrtis Noyts. of New.York. Hon. Waller S. Bcr-they posi'.ijns,they might perform. .\$ this tentenee, althoogh we return. If we a-e agam deceived, tiicn demand by hit flounoeringupon ring question pothtnto luikon—" whence comes June Presidential electors declare the vote. Ana inS^lember, on the 16th, answering to our July 4, the to procure anwhenof the ecclesiastical iik>uth upon principles aoun/f— they themtelvei being a line where the ttst of skill will afford a rteb laeiaelHe a^<but instead of th? simple lequeilc, be uaifertooK. to confer freedom upon tae Greek Cnurci, on certat.i piescribed conditions. These cviduion» were lur.aToe CooimltsioncTs ulsCaa-.01riads of timesPhlladelpbia. Wednesday niornlcf.Thus, then, natural theology stands at tbe head oi all sciences, from the sublime and elevating na-new Preiident takes oath of office and his seat.The mode Is much like our ow^n. Tbe people in dif-acknowledgementloocpendence ol Greece, which had in the meanwhilethe judKCt— and having already pronouaced tliemlor liie'It tells ot the creation of all the mighty power that fashiwied and sustains the universl, of the universal skill that|it.- olo'ojecis.of the its Democratic Party, deiiatlonaUzed by;ii,iitende^tbut sand tiroes holier than rtdhotscepticism, iron. It passes;,ofGod and future state from the creation the .\nthor ol Xature. Its ing.the boundstbereu no proof,—no reason whatever to believe oflSce is not only to mark what things are, moderate success, and have now gone to Santligo.h. This, then, is atheism as much as anv person but for what purposes tney were uiadeof sound mind can hold by'or nineteenDoua-A. G.canbenoprool,thatof athe opinion, and this the infinite wisdom of an a.l-powerfulought constantly to be exposed as such and re- with whose existence and attri'Dutes its high piecesdecreeofthe ^i*^,and of ia«no step could be made, sonumber. performanceArteever referred to UWCommltlee for correeilon and revlsk>».quiry must stand still ;couclusion drawn, beyond the mere facts observedconfidentlyIn Concepclon at Of their names 1 know nothing as yet.Bishop l*d the author to a thorough historical expo- iltion of the Conitltutlon of the Christian Church, asandthesciencemustbederivedfromtheprocessor general into personality, the intentions, as well as thefrom which the reader was leftanom- PiesidentaadSeeretarybut the Arrws its anticlpitloiis for a ano to receive the con'ributiont of the vari^uiThe late discoveries in fossil affordof tha Orlsatal pbureh rests on a very t. all founda-in itt convic- BAB, Penntylranla. appointed tendance will appreciate the critls, and waaBsr-inatirial toexistence, and raises usWaterman, of P"")''"*"' ChtrlesF.prize, justly,the other sciences—if we hold ithave at command.mous volume Tktthould he treated at he was. 1 waa alto verv to torryHop. \v. C.olwelcou,e. »iii.vtihieinAUeDascahresooadaJ^ottgrains at their surfaces, in which each has become flattened on its axis, it is surely a yet more noble ernployment of our faculties, and a still higher privilege of our natme, humbly bi^nion. Kot only the particular case of uturpauoo of fct! man, and. If unitsd on, the success of the Demo- c«ued to'cnair. Ahaving ia charge the ereotlon of the moeu-that a arid theof lead would weigh degreewas submitted the byinCompaoy consists of fourteen men, two girls They bring theirThe.^.Ibany Argusthinks that the Convention— ratio acopted being the Cosaressloaal apporttee-pieceshape by revolvingtiiiixx, ii' the Cumn.iii«eIt^ great first cause, and investigate the unity, thecountry. great to takectarceof the work,The Stagers per formed on Sunday nights, accor- reasoning upon particular facts, the matchless skill and mighty of Him dtlg to tha euitou here prsvailing. About Ibe circahe understood It ;IIthe Convention will separate without effectingStates,bate record of those particular facts themselves. power wa do notination,difliient reiult on the hope that the delegates of wat pcrmaneet-giqiliUmHtf to gl)« ytw-gfltfc flgmw, MuAwj, Mmu u, I86dtheii lanocuiee or er- from matter, as shown in the quickness op--*>tta, as gilts beatowad with tliB beat Intentions erations, its independence of the body, provaesdtbhye the men, of Divine care—" capacity, are gS Is to be Imposed. Bread mwaeidgehtfrom onwholetomsV'BMI* tajored by"kaite been fmnd to promote the immorality andsocieties oftbe Acuities sometimes becoming strongerNihM est prin- mundifpi regit quodabove all, lU surviving the complete change of the body, so that hardly a particle ofspecial objectciyi iUi Deo qui omnem huncqutdem in terrU fiat acceptiu* quam eonetUia cte-Hourwill befined$100andtelxoreoftheflourre-DalBingof bad quality.Pacl H. Dauao bat recantiy aiads a donation t»-Noitheiakraikraa,aadwhanitt^hnlSrraaau udTDUaHon. E. C. Oasbx, (bimeriy. memberbody decays—Mvnal. FoandBiw and Small-poz Hospi'als, the corporeal frame remaiifs while the mind con- tutque homimm jure tociali qua civitatet appel-I BISIDICaCT—TBa rCTCBB.evea toguardthe dtaaaae which'^MIrtBVDtIaad.aMUBlaBd, andontbe Continent, tinues unchanged, unless perhaps by gaining lamur." Cier., Somn. Scip.necessary j«j-j..*«ar,«.«Ikslr,. th. p-t ,i,;5S:--fiopaaateAfeywere desirous toI— Aad .fi<A«ailM-WiihUmJatOWledgBbowtoservethem strength—alldemonstrateitsdifferentconstitution andusefuleffectsresultfromthestudyofmaninwaids the support of the Charity Hospital la Con- OomtfMatoe s/ a» HewTtrk Timu.aie4iM pnmk. Bnt wkaie the will to serve man-pleasingeepelOD.An American line of coaches has been running be-•Ailer a long silence will you18S0.a briefof c„ Miar to Bea. Job raansi' an the will it fiiUowedat lUtMa/qoihgaOSti apersonal»««abtMM> neater merit in the evea of man, mm lit na tambly aiErm, more fitted to ob- t' atatotal of Heaven. It is bouDtifuIly or- at aich coDdoct shall even in this life be i bothhranappioviogconscienceandby _Jht which tbe reflactioo affords. Bat gen- _iaeta are Umited by our means, and we canand,as of^annihilation in the universe what iastate,bysacrifice, exampleCa.«m.a^».^.^.-the deed, and the snd its independeat existence;—An Uae has been recently put oa oppo^onthere no one'Ttlcahoano and fb,- some tween Concepclonyeangross expresses...«.FlacMa,iB his decided.1.1and from a contemplation of the structure and functions of the termeddestructionbeingonlydissolutionandnew politicalwoAi,Theniceadaptationofourspeciestheiis nature without parts, being incapable of such well aa the multiplication ol our comforts and ourdestruction—we are left to imer, from the union of and ofprevs- enjoyments by purpoae action, thebj this Co.,Mr Mysdc, oecds fuuoor tea and patmto port repaln, eightand BOlargelybis social condition, the of his mental tendency,The papers state that this Ooremnentbai appoint- oago, however, has glvea tbem a lesson which may taythathe ezpeeta Itaa afpetofmat af deCA tiunfortunate viewaaa from the desire to adoptedtake a line different trom the commonly receivedand repaired whoihiemeri lostin youngauthormayhavebeennaturallyenoughsus- thetingularlaws,partlyphysicalandpartlymoral,of San Francisco. port hasOur Gss Compsny« Mint of dolnc some act of kindness to indi- Moala daily—^Sat ia, daily on an aTOiage, keepingces, to produce goodand the inherent powers bypromisedto reduce thepricestate of facts In Ohio, Indiana and Dllools, theycede trcm the Maadthey took atCfearhwhich evil is avoided,tanned a "Tina account,'' from the opiiJons, though temptation compensatedof from fo tS a thousuid feet on and after the gas fbwould neither have Ssvasb's expectednominationso .^,veto faraeamM^peiar.Iawhladalganeaaareconfined by oarI oro«r.naeaaaaryavocationi. Then ndbyactawhichhave a benebcial k larger scale, and give whole classes r inatmrs cause to bless oar names.no means to giveUboia. iTrom an entire discontinuance of workla every word of eulogy he bss uttered on the pnbUc life and career of Ihe Ameiieu thip/«kii iMmt is In dry dock at Mr. SxwAaa. It Is well deserved. But Idonotag^seerery day But that hissingleoessoflor the social state, tbe increase of our power aspeoDleAtrtlenee of benevolent design in ail the Creator's autwerviencT of the laws the nature and governingihoussnndoUais on bottaauy." Two hundred and eases ofworks, that He will continue what he has formed,motions of the natural world to the uses of man inignored bypoliticians,'it It greatly forendowed, and so bountifully cher-Gaa* known a amall circle of persons who made It is not, perhapa, just to coosider Hr. Hithk's of social improvement, the predisposition ol politi-__, _^pected.his mind can liardly be doubterf.the worst opinion of the Commonwealth men in erring certainty these form only a portion of thegradoos projected opposition comoany.fidthin tits ^mk-ligious principles,thinkers in Queen Aissx's time.of humanlike that of the ToriesHisas an historian, from his tory prejudicescapacities powerssum,bers of bis reoovered sums from family havingestatewhichwillmaketoatseriousdednctlan.thebeen disappointed In the refusal of their Nktional CmivsDtian to nominate Gov. SswAan,"his habitual carelessness, is now universally Providenceupas bis makerHon.I. K. theletler-wrttera. Iaof;From onr OwnViLPAaAiEO, Tuesday, May 16C(>.destiny a nation.dazzlingeye—evening parly palace Holyrood University. On the 4th of Miy the refflilnt oi tillsmay at well take it it musl tubmit i^ »he majority, and a-jftiiasn the:bestowed upon him a tUnUag, a reisoning, and ««bK/lMwr not anked at Taieahvaao. Mr. CTAaetke eaglaaar,tair tbclr rapruaoea ; bat'f'SStiu,wUIWwilr««lafaaSim the human wondeis, endowed him with Acuities to compte-bar arrival to take paasega tn States.Fmt.:»N«rdMthe whamhe Bann.aammmHiwhii.wUlkend them, and to rise by his meditations to a knowledgeoftheirDivinecause, flieconnexionherPiaia iii MPhniiiidiMithe inflttcnce- of__ TbeeiectioBto tO IhaNafciay tttatakaSaMbt w« II on some of speed, aad It very ooBfonable at sea. DoendedsdaiiadoB. Since 186S PaAaatxcBat eon- ^atutt Mr.BiaaaRWillndMhtodlytotJSMHr Tbe Barritt Krvmt vrai expeetinc to aall on that Unuad to discharge tha duties of his profestxlal po- 2^5]»<>uala for ifea vaaaat seat, aad far «« Tkw- mmuZS^ailthe all a inatincl8,of«o hit labors.eren produce enL Charity duction U conclusive as to the existencemore hoitfal thaa Deity and the Independent and separate natuie of snrpa88,and all perfectly suited to the porition of tect buyeit from lapotlUoo «( bskeis to the weight ofroi^rnoAb.ne Hlchmondthelately aeiri^thsta. as«a—_ .„ and they who hare ImpoTeifahed .the soul, but only proves tbe probability nature Diviniendiavkildlulaltsh,an of the benevolence marvela of bread. The prtoe of bread Is left open to ooapett-Bnfwirer lagaidaadieuracreation,bis social as in His individualHe had formed and the balance of the sexes preserved with un- —strongbath ta aad aatafOaMaa-successors marvels to which the of the observer theamnnteeBthcentury,andol their eye politicalsheathing, cieir or omeers.with him in inch assertlems as these.u_t |_ dollars that Boeaus wUPennarltanla, haa ithe Whigs in his own day, and tbe fanaticism ofia pointed, and by which his attention Is arrestedaie forbidOf the Thomas jBdvrard Brown" Gov. SiwAan wasand Free- inaccuracynot nature, and wonders of thefor there iswhich, byshed a on the lightand and illustrate theto which man looks and preserver.toor feeling to mislead him, that in-accuracy appears manifest, as in the suppres- most consolatory, is the impression which all our sion ol all mention of the Limoges massacre study of this vast subject leaves of perfect wisdom when describing tbe Black Prince's whole being accompanied by constant benevolence. Thishands,againofopinionman hasDiWAST, h—aciataastoba''o^ aaAtftam—latalpnOAt CHILI.to the teachers of the revealed Word. PelldcaJ Chaagea and Merementa—Amerteaa ttmctlon of the futtireHahuoks, and the rest of that let will look after try- ing a Southern Conlederacv. It would do the eoun- try and the world good to fee that trial made.—In the midst of Uiete political exelteraents ourand tne order grantedtbea eoaiaatkam aasseer,can be moregroundlessthan thejealousyThus wego,and a lawyer sfhaelad to modetatalyiACOH,deur ofalmostto theWepoints to inttoduoe motions far years npaa a ease wberenq^ a particle of defence exUta. Now Is aot; therefore, having tne power, they J re wthe inference that they bad not only a right, but aduty to exercise their power in compelling t)ie an invisible star by a telescope." Hum. Cnder myoaaeUaver or destroying him, as Locis IX.. (St. IV., 19. -1. .\nd TiLLElsoN, in Iiis great sermons of disco d hat been already removed, and we may the small stady into which we were ushered werevotamtaryPresidential canvass. Sotruths uf natural religion, as the of subjectjustideaa, the more mischievous 'because often- however)tioMs perfectly honest, from that of Sr. Lur:s pel dispensation.and the Inqnisition down to its mildest form of rested upon its own proofsAt theactual executions studious. All who desired to acquire anything be- wents yesterday, addressed to Dr. Taconoax Mato, men who examined tbe dead blrdt Tit kao e a aafterThatmay be safely but, should the weight in its favor, we may as-f1<i- those executed h&\ e been soldiers or military officers, n hjseit'nt ing;periodsoeae period been connec.ed with religious belief. judge of physical and mathematical evidence than town was for setting fire to public edifi3es, and an-Aftersndthelapseofmany years we findTbeprejudicesat the tame timedeep and the teachers of thendiculout to every sane man wha is here oatheof a reference to the truths of the Gos- year,primed in Dutch too, (German we mean.) Now, " would likely be Inlnced aadac aaeh pneumoma"dispens,ition ;Krant and aggravattcgcircumstance.Most ot01 authority beiODa, ana even to political, when they have at suredly ask if any one can pretend to be a better Clime wes mutiny during a state of war, Oae in this came noted.panecnlKHi in all its forms originates cannot be Locke, of legal evidence than Lord Hale, all of the Governor in the public streets. Whereas the de- sityOiho,occupytrgthe lm> below, HA»N]tAL H.AMUX, there is no hope for thee!ail water-birds in a staU of nature Is, vix:qelto la- w. 8.and theseRepresentativetroUlnfIn the Sju'JiBay,memory, -curlo^ybelpe furnished by habitsMM mortally ofiSsaded,,cresatuucrhes, in some acting with marvellous accuracy as reason could notMr. CBAXua BnTmi«ena of the reiumt In ibe Srving to th,elIaTtnalploedrsSstrates. 0w*w, Our city autboritlea ha«B pabUAsd a decree to pio>• nStlijj'l^*S?4SjJP»-*>-«>'tWrefiSJC;be deelaraa, wiU aevar shouldMIatys,uittheIntepresjudoifcetheCompanT."For certainly,norb«entodisappointedwhenitdidnet ts^sstsiss^:*^'"^'^*•""^"onelegacy,would TOinly aeek repoae..] xnawaBtofoeonpatlaaisnatreit,tteAmMC timaa it was vary usual for those whose conduct through life aa without a stain. Of is declared by all the works around us, and is Whether any change will take place on hit arrival Is any elam. Every man bas a right to aspire to the aad everybody kaowa It"fiaytalk Is noniense. I heard in 1849 of theeisisuof •~ " w-"" •*—• ••» •-Gen.HuauoiandHr.Clat. Neitherofthemhad., ^TliiilquUa mab<l awimpmtwwlw \ miai» ga It.vaeaattsamtnddlJtrest.''tion of all tbe patients. Or. Pass has not yet returned,the liXe carelessness in some instances, and deeply lelt in all the'sentiments of our mind. We now unknown. Bat one thing is certain, the Ameri- Presidency, and no man baslagpeopleJadga llaaiii ii eaa baaafaattC.^, CngJaaAany righttocomplaiabean naiaad in camps or courts, wearied wift tbe tooBoU and aniietles of wsr, or tbe busy of intriiiie, to seek repose in tbewelivesubjects give constsnt proofs. The entire misap- who, unlike human lawgivers, far oftener pio-can Government not to oughtthe and Indigent"laiki deep soUtadsa and awAiI cells,'' lAn* MeM.,tbatFurthermore, it is a general rale and would be found absolute and universal, if our knowledgemotives.Wslter't Department, "^having attained^^,i .0^: . Ision or ignorance of iodnctive science is anotherIBaenaly~ puiiliito the years, and spent forty years In public service1*thecisive,to suffice, therebaa been allowed to retiremu; to observe thatage ofI know about asmeditation dwells ;"failing miracles wouldpleasureslx^withouthonorablysppointed in his ttead.observances to tMt own aauioiy of evil deeds, or to pro- ann by nwrUneationa which tormentedwhat would more thanon fullA steamer from England, for this coast, has arrived,rbopad by aupeialitiousthe pleasure isIonlyin hisreligiousin tbeCteggad.The admirable tod benefited no one. Even many acuteness andof thisgreatbe because tbegivergood delightsH dayi fiom LlverpooL She belongs to the Paclnc Steamt»aa>t,> Ives with classical reminisceDces may be cause of their to his other works. superioiityfamousbut it must affordpure delight*desidila,<isplbus(iue psratisto loud inIfwe tball see how the bick-to whichbe added bisthat whilemay argument agunstsystem,is deter,under a ruler'TiLLotsoa's argument on cloims rewards than denounces punishment. private pique of individuals, or of more merceneryinofplication Archbishopthe real is one instance, and the perver- presencethat he does not The RepatillcaaprejudicesothersjhisInfirm seamen to tuffer, either Inof tikeget It. people"to cases of testimony which may be put as quite de-pain requisite.writings on religiousfino everywhere prools thstallowconseqoenceapplyand which he himself must have admitted. is someInterruption,"style ingenuity,called the Son Carlos, profieiler, 423 tons,ple, possessed more firmness, or more administrative "Oar Sarrama CaaR (tt Usmr a/^a* jrttt-rsr* flass* :author, and histhis canonly happinessofof his creatures. Such contem-embraced the wholeheld out to induce much more thanpolitical opinions at Mr.beyond gratlficaiionpay.for tuUeatioaa of the tnra vrbleh afsln by mere than four to one had indicated CaAsa, aad Baltlmara.may tskam '^'have..Jiee bad been blameless and wbo had and historical works served for the propagation of plations at once gratify a scientific curiosity and Navigation Company, anl sails in a day or ao for talent. Wat he tacrifictd ?"Andno man among all the nominees was trusr to princi-«if^bKBant tlie advahee of age nalitting them enor ; and the contrast is very remarkable which affnid a moral indulgence. They prove that the Caldera, for which route she is Intended. Another, But let by-gones be by- gones. What Is the future ?•te aatite Ufa, son|ht tbe cloistered shade with the they present to his writings on subjects of wideh be awful Being, of whose existence we are made cer- the Jferro, \iO tens. Is expected shortly to arrive. She Let Mr. Wiss be consoled by the fact that the Dem- trlet of the State adapted a rale rtqatriic all < naaa:dedgB of enjoying rest snd seeking the Di- had made himself master, and on which he had no tain, and whom we know as our Creator, is the wUi run f'om this port to Constltaclon, a port twelve ocratic politicians are mnch more disappointed than ed motions to Iw put opoa a ealaatfar •• ka<lh«wbyunprohtableservice. Inourdaya biastomisleadhim.Iniiispoliticaldiscourses,when goodBeingbywhosepreserving careweare hourssouthofus. hewas. Theywouldgive untoldgoldtohaveSaw- "Motioa;tnutloghersacrificed, qpparently, to States."ksard at Chi^ban. Ito wfetarane loafer able to peitorm all tbe duties by the authority of particular interests, he first un- votion arise to fill our minda which he only Ziiiiiei. Also, an old [nldler of the revolution Is hon- the tame as his. They thought Mr. S. ao enable the modest lawyan to their aaliaa*rand laoie vtotoous course is taken by those be was in search of truth, and uninfluenced cherished, and sentiments of onlypietyand de- Mention is made in the pinert of the death of a ladytbestrengthoftheirwhohasthefaithof get taMdWhich cantkeuiiH far laM than they could wish, to the ser- would be impossible too highly to commend these tliese truths and dwelling incessantly upon them The French Charfi des Affiaret to Peru, who ar- that It was the grossest ingraUtude not to hare practice of ettqustte ;ttieirqpaaikasoundshare, guide the commercial policy ol modern times. It feelings of a Btoic. The thorough exposing of age. He Is itill llvlng,apd can read vrlthout spectacles.MMhadexl^natedAry ' aliU ftal ^tie to contributetie* <(' manklBd., They trust that their solacing discourses, or too steadily to keep in view theEpicurus and the oredwithpublicnotice,namedMabthiiz,116yearsof and greatyouth. folded and enturced theprinciplesrejectis not required for supporting the character of thisgloriousa hero ofRepublican tm, aa soon as the mots bold aad lam aaaalUeabut itdld not aaem to wati,far theUiAed MarchUthegreatmoefhfar whalersto visitTal-cahaaao. the ^Jffadr«a,ovarwaaAll report that this boat la doing a spleaiUd bust-these are not moremoral aa well as which per- tlon ; But emj bakerunmduesrtfinmeaorfk oil loaves, the even in his social ThenifbreadItshortoffae speoUledafineofCoaventtoalathe sameTda Baaoaas, Jnae,Eaysto.neFaAsoaoobblCahio.Ttie foUowljgg notice ii la the panen the < Notice Is given that the Amerloan ship AftU,owned Fma A of Conn., faden, me to wantfrom the cargo of the Americfiafstyship J>tii tIomrtpe,ntairoee,adver-whento aprejudices biased by which the numbers of mankind are maintained this and other nttsraaces we thank the happen. I agree with Mr. Wiu1st of "Kithoat of further reductionsperaonsor residue of estate for a Hospital fcv Orphans In ttds town, which It was said would amount to gJOO.OOO, it is now said it will not be raorethaame-IUrd that mem-present repab s,TbeAmericanHos^tal,whichwaaSawiaD was for economy not iicrUcad." No man eeaU be sacrificed, for soUniversity,toiMrperiodoflife,aswellasthepro- Greatlyasthiscelebratedwritermaybeblamed bothtotheteacherandthestudent. Aboveall,is dayspast. Hegoes toarrangedefinitely qaes- velopment—thinktthetameway. Itit tohorrified, beisbusinessofthisCourtiadaeadibalatgaaalThiithat It vititt LncoLH with its awful contempt, commenoemaat of hsatmaism to laaaarsas "aMaa Amtcanabatiln&amhurtfulanddegradingindut- ingtothebiaswhichappearstohaveinfluenced youthanimpressionwhichnevercanwearoutbywithoutmotiveorreasonIntheviolationandabuse "third-ratelasvyerofIlUnott"—amere"stumpCaleadar."TUasaeaadatttmpt,altorfhsreigMfaBeaand at any rate for the rashness of his and'fram tbe indulgence of inaction and him in these and other,IERhRivii01td eech which attends it ; spand bishe is almost entire-thethe mind of>lei|iilii ;meeting. Baltimore,motlgaget. ItIswellkisowathatmaehidegradingly free from tbe charge justlymatters with ridicule, or with ribaldry, or with a their auspicious influence over the mind through;proved very dlsaatnxuk"Vi: laaaltsnjnvsti saetaataUceaiUvlUeagainstcontemplationsby a tendency to produce respect.o«e'•' Aai4lt<antmorasstaslaaetvaratazac— if less hurtful90 with a crew of 945 guns,"bts Herald knew how this soandt thecreekt," andaadtwaitoycla Jmc.^ T^ p«M lBwaitoata(,ltoaa MailUpeUfntstnoiis,mnltoiiaeredandantYoL-of otherthe ship; >adatmvlkoaaDrUanlBum,samiaseailem,unauited to tbe sacred subject, and lifea0 nlna except for their truth, their soundness aid Ihia la alone to be regarded in their adoption.XMraadar" exists. WhaaAa complatot to fateciaselssarTsdapoBhtot.au ha has todoistoratainalawyertolatarpoaB a almpto *-their sccordance with a prevail- iag prqudlGe, their striking novelty and originalitydelivery frequently interrupted bysnflWwnt to eaad tbea fbe atioraey for the plaiatlfaaa to mora to sBlke It out as.^nM<inw; lUs moiiov takw its alaeatimlaryn"*'*.to state these things respecting Ur. — HcHt in order tliat his authontjr may be reducedapplause, and at its con- clusion his lordship sat down amid enthusiasticforth factsaaatltats acaaseef an Baa,"speculations, inquiries,yield-necessity lapsemaking uponearly ciUzens, to whom that Government has dose iDjiurlesagainst the seductions oflievers. 'With the exception of a sentence or two great change that must close the scene by haWt- trio Rio Janeiro, on the 23d last. Tne Termaeant, M see how the Goliah contendt with David. I svillCourts to aetJODS In tt grant nteelosaie,levity whollyprotectingprosper-Igaea kagoevo <nenatarcorde javentos."U'ln actieo good intentions avail nothing withoutJhliidi^ and even deeds an of no merit, howeverwril mean), snleaa wisely done, so opinions, asTfjrhr-. and, without rtference to actions, are of ness which is so becoming. The same praise be- bumble hope of immortality which the study of sleam-vessels in this harbor—fear of them belonging sweep the prairies and vallies of the West. Nor will It becomea due," has no tronble la heiag aeeoauaedatodEssayyoustopem Pennsylvania, and over its iron biUs amd Its mlnetwhich Hcux and abused, his un- power possessedbeUef is less to be censured. It has been deemedconfirm.merehtnt service.SOUTH PACIFIC.OBITCART.msm-er, m two lines, "thattheoomplalatdaesaot setnecessaryto commonly received doctrinesara ul whoUy extraneous to that which alone to its just dimensions, and especially with young and prolonged cheering.aaat be coosidsred in our inquiries, and especially men, led away by his great name, and his incon- In the evening "Loid Brocohiic was enter-practicei HahhossIttheir truth or falsehood aloce to inoar —WBUfnanrrTHE LATI PKOr. FBASMAKIDI8 OF ATHUS.teachingtestably great' meiitsin some important particulars. tained at dinner by the Senatus Acadeinicus inBut,besidecounteractingthatinfluence,the theHopetounBooms,andandheafterwardsat- VACiurs,oftheTheologicalSchooloftheAthenian stygovernalittlswhile. TheSouthhasgottolearn hUeoanringasihnegrleafmtoetrionb,ethetimelsoetrlaac^bigame-ual and confident belief in the King, eternal, im- mortal, invisible, the only wise God, and in theguns,Two dayi ago there were no Ian than twelvemongagar,Theof Lord Bkoughak's address waspurecharge is, as I hear It premltea formerly occupied,any clam on the Presidency. This kind of Ing Mend of theaomiaattoKaf Till amis" iiealrumored, scarcely adequate to the full accommoda->tOT."' Be says, however, that "it laooifyby liiiTernment reversed. If it wants to from a distance, and mem- the students and the professors of the four faculties, tryan issue SDout of the defendant is a motion for leave to aatMr, ac-To the Editor the Nete-York Timti: ofThe report which was circulated a few days ago,toan on the affairs of Greece the last have scarcely begun occupy the vast Contmeot weeks this CK>urt will adjourn over to October, aadof thethough not to be punished, aud in the sight oi lief, so that we may enter upon the serious con- of Interior as well as of Is now con- country. In fact, had it not been for the ability and among iuaccettlble mountains and unoieasured the mortgaged property.unlockiiigour be-God one of the gravest offences. It is strange how templation of the Divine Power, the characters of Foreign Affairs, learning with which be espoused the defence of Itiwhich are so deeply engraven in the works of the firmed. On account of other public duties, Mr. Vaxas independence, the Church of Greece would, in all plains. The miner finis the mountains filled withaveiaicht, is criminal;deeply to be blameJ by me:., genuine spiritScriptures,that Don A^TO^Io Vasas bad been appointed Ministergreat in all{ ages has been the confusion ol ideason thia subject, and .greatest upon matters where creation."— (De Dig. et Aug. Lib. 61.) New- has not yet entered on the duties of these offices. I probaBility, have been ere this reduced toils former gold—the heidsman lirives his tlock^ over countlessv^^^^*Swaaa la Ceatral Paik.tkt Ifrnt-Tork Tmoa:"these of all oibersthe most inis disserere ad vkilosouhiam. naluratem per- the time of hit death, Prof. Phiieihaxidis was a man,there areto-morrow there will be forty millions— of any ascertained data In regard to the mach4»- gtetted death of the swans In the Central IPai^would venture to suggest, from a long experieace asitwasmosthurilul—religiousopinion.Menjust- tonhassaid, ly regardedthirtypeopleWhat anyetabeervediad error the most to be deploredseventy-five years. We that his same is completely withdrawn from the com- ha was hale and hearty, apparently lirlng with com-Empire1politicsdaytaBBporsl consideration was comparatively ia$ig- ntteant. But they also supposed that beuel wasappointmentaccc*ptanceofthisparties) insignificant compared with this vast column;every clares 'that he who would taKe away reason view of his andbelieve,upwardsand thatofremember to have seen him eight years ago, whenthe de-Deo,dcquoexphcenum-mayadd,theyareusuallycombinedinoneandthe subjectiontothePatriarchofConstantinople.At—plain.To-daymlllion.s cfimportant, Unci."—(Piincipia Bchol." Gen.) LociiK de- same person. It is also considered a certainty, in we ofTheof the are (as Co men andto make way for revelation, puts out the light ofboth, as ifmillions. Like the tic'e of our own Pa- a keeper of various waterfowl, as well of Oiap^s'.,— —this heavv tread this coming facure of the advauc-"intimated Ione element which he was so I'onu. The shelves on the walls ofhope that the occasion will pass by without violence. filled with books bearing upon ecclesiastical his-ingas I it would seem thatlast note toyou,frequemiytory and politytion of that which is revealed." It is, therefore, ftig public opinion in a meastue. All tbe charges •veislty furnished many works of reference that were•• the ol natural religion are the founda- principlesIt is well to notice that the Administration is consult-but theample libraryof the Uoi-eleiaent. plumage during confinemeat gets Into vary bad eoa- hia mind to comprehend, much less to embrace. most desirable that a line of demarcation should made against this party in power, headed by Monri beycnd the limits of his narrow home. His personal provoiatiou at follows ' If Hassibai. llAMUxfancies ditlon, and in their eigernett oa resdDtiitlaa tonot be drawn by the teachers of revealed50 as to e.xclude from their province the greatwater, they wash and plunge so much that thrlrfeaiheis become quite saturated, e\en to the verv Acpliiradonn here in hi: Helperitnt, ht may make down upon the skin. Under such cixamstaooes I up his mind to it that he w ill find himself just as have known death to ensue, and this ptobB3iy, tfaenld FHAanAxms began helpless a5 liit Carthageniaii namesake did in his the incident have t^en as atiove, mny have causedtbe doctrice of Bishop Jeseuy Xatl.<>&, <ieUv.sred by him as that of all rational inea— N'oman can change hie opinion when he v'Al.and using force may make a hypocrite, out and continual attentionnever a right believer." All intolerance vi latter and of moral philosophy generally, ought to spot There have been, during all the fracas of last his education, Greece afforded no advantages to the cfTort lo lake Rome. We tuw one of these do'ju- the death of the poor sw-ani. The medical saatle-religionand ViSAB—for the leaders of it they unquestionablyarc—of cruelty and victims and bio od-sheddlsg, are acter.that The trash he is so eai^er to tpead broadcas*. willevery one of which has been on account of someyond the merest rudiments of knowledge were com-pelled to go abroad. Phax.vaxidI8 sought a GermanUniveislty, where under Protestant teichers he im- st.ind a word of i^ b >tdele- cldent to hauling I7g soch feUows 00 board la about comes the instructors of youth strenuously to must go out of the other. Tne wonders of the shall occur in regard to the coiiimg elecilDn, and the a; Indispensable. Accordingly the' most nourishing gates to Charleston. He t lyt the signers of the late four honra. and may be Inclined to shake ef tha Cltrtalenta may have been misapplied and i: well be- not ;consideringthe hand of the Creator and Pre-bat never insisteu on externalunitv of organization him to recommend the return of thesecedingaccount of the incalculableoi the suo- Li respectshowing server at each newmercial iDcreaae, which may bepursued by the party now In power, fs no small de- gree, speak volumes to show that there has been wis-dost of the Sixteenth Centurv mamtained a distinci cratic Party. an<l failing in that, to unite the entire thst the , " Should tuch be the caie, I can atsun youjectmisled,—every step discoveryolh%s added to the de-: Hcsavt "Inttrugglcof the hooked fish it much more thril llagimportanceascribed to thepolicytrue men of the North." plain iitiiguage.the policy recommended,on which he wasof a far less material circumstanceof Ignorant persons in other countries to represent vout confidence of the student. For instance, dom and good policy displayed in the main, even if itand independent existence, while it has cootmued toce lecogiiizcd as orthodox by the luotlier-Churcn atSouth with the .ltd of tneand alsoour and inquiries;ferent provinceswho shall be President:Ic remains, therefore, insects, trals off your track andand thatlaunched into space comets my- down tbe bank of anarchy. tVe hope you wUI setnecessarily implied ihe pursuedot' the entirea letter;ii5twere received at Hail, Independence, Independenoethelargnr than the earth, ten than whirlinga cannon ball, and two thou-metlTheir names are Walhsob, Manager, Miss Casus HiFFUT,lady singer in English, French anl Spanishwood and straw and piano,X not at this momenteye.lighteddisunion;or this peopleofftheirs,lUefulttyin Greece, andBeing,been given to that caadi-'?i*°'HS2-.^^ brief speech by Mr, *'"•".!'marvellousAhaving arrivedIslands. TlieyarrivedIntheirownvessel,inwhich they go about vlilting different ports in the Pacific Thisand one woman—seventeen in all.horses, eight inThey had given onelast dates.see tbfcouise pursued by some of our delenadon. Iabuses that had crept Into the Eastern Church had thought they acted very uncharitably towards Mr. i«« rir»»»iite^choose electors and these indicate I ;to be seen when drive into that ofrun tbe threatenedwhowerehereat the the theatre, gave three exhibitions nitnmis the otner half heir.g cuv agalot*. him.3lr. Stoxpbl onwe twoothermenwhosenamesilu Mayo„r,"H^a^aSM;,tffoTa,t";companyof clreus people is also reported as at Talcabuano from the Sandwich10"be-Mavor. Aftertheseeerecaeaiessing'mgandplay-district,There were nine and a half votes,Hampshire JerseyTcol.In the vessel with them.tune If was dltcnasloB,who maile and moves and sustains those folks. tianalpreo&'ofMr.HuHi'Bhastyassumptionsboth Butmural science lends liberally theisame TheGoTinBentkaagivennotfcethattheamooa' tha"IbfKe"waaaoclearlyunmaskedfkataiaayof encounterarenothaturmountable. Thedlferenct Rianantaecretory.youIr^-:;)pub- to ihe memory of the signers 01 ilie Declaraiiontogo pellan example of modeiadoo, and that here It aaay be Patriarch. Transparent as wat the device, it at-followed.The Alleghanlans,:poUtlcs,disappointed FaaaciBOO Rojas, Captain of the Auguaria, Tide the contrary they are everywhere rejotolng. I thinkMr. Liaeoia. It Iseetlmatad that I^M^W^thetloss pending on account of claims set up by French —ofof time, or be effaced by the rival influences of all forms of law." So says onr ifercario. Ah! a speaker"—"poorer than poor Pixaci." Perhaps If the of the four weeks afMa^madetreating feelingsengendered executorsofTbohabEdwasdBxownmustpaytotheor to be obliterated TAIBIand his cotemporailes, some ofwhom,as caresoftbeworld. Thelessonsthuslearned, and 'VoLTAiKS himself, were deists, of these the or cherished, will shedofthe line,men, up how will come out in theThe Court of hat just decided that the Appealsit ballot-boxet,noc evileffectsisfooadoadartbe. toi (cpoaadliigsoffitted onlv to inflict pain upon cooscientious be- ous fortune, solacing in affliction, preparing for the H. B. M. ship Tritnau, SI guns, tailed for England, Mew-York and If they nominate Docoua, we shall held that Connty Courts de aol paiaam wisCtiy Hospital once.ofValparaltothelegacy$20,(l«0,atas to the of the or power Saperlorat well as two gunboats, the Grappltr and For- ward, are here.give little or great, will stand againit the tornado which willDrought In tbe Sspreme Court. Tbenot feeling exactly disposed to pay 19 ika to- tetslfon Us bond, or even the prtadpal, whaaon MiraeUs, iiis writings preservelongstoBoiTESEAV,who,indeed,wasareluctant Hisworkshasinspired,andwhichthegracious totheBiitlahNavy,oneslilpofthelinetothe thehurricane there. ItwillblowthroughWest- solongasthe mottonttlin thetbe most unbroken gravity, and indeed tbe serious-the news In advance. There it noTnias. ItIsaNew-Yorkviewofla which not agree, and which appears to pcdltioal InfonnatioD. I know aot for what reason the great Stales of tke Ohio Ttllsy areKaslemfaelr interest to know something about them, Chi-Ex-Ooe. J. letter to the radonbtfhlTbe expectsdaai of tbe Republican people haveI deny theie statement^ point blank. "HoBBis,are notthat the Convention did not nominate SnrAxn. Oa pee^ were la atteadaaea.muchBxaaABSo Cobtabal has beea or Batxs impotrible. The State ConvenUon of OhlOiR. Siasuw Washington, wate^wofWxu, and I thought the nomination of either SswaassadCalendar,"IOC years old, In Santiago, named Donna IsuaL ASS In Lcicou'a place. Their opinion is just reatcmglTaaby tha Judges far thirwaa, flrnt ttmaaidEven the New-York iT<raU-thatthree weeks ago. hat oroceeded to us destination tiro type o< the pure In morals and tbe Intelleetaal In de- took up too mnch tlate. The great tncnaaaefbfeam."rived here In the llne-of-battle ship Duguay IVantn nominated himIaad was tooa abaadcoed—(he farmala of Ihs MagtpeakSsTHOUB atwoodaman of UUnoit compares with a great man of;seoiestlon, there is no time so good as tbe present.Let it be iried in tke lei no Northern man in- plain iifi^; this goes upon the calendar, aad juogiagSouth,— from the rapid increase of the calendar, full oaetfaou- the River llissut. On this occasion a funeral oration terfere. I should like to tee how Davis, Tooioa, sand motions wfll b«before it, bat It It fiaally laachedas well as by all theinhabitanta of Athens,prominentto their resting-place In ike quiet cemetery be7o;idwas delivered by Prof. Kontogokxb, who had been associated with Prof. Fb&smakidsb in the ia-;eye duringkeptten year.«. His influence was especially felt in the tettiem^t of the eccletlasUcal rela'Jons of his nativethli "of dollars will be for an Indelintte llaM kept fram theUnlversi'y, and devoung his time to the pursuits of ari invincible Power.the death of these beautifal blrjt. I haveA VETER.4N OBSERVER. remarked when any of the vtrioot ipeciet of^appearance was pleasing, and his countenance wasbeen franking Republican document•xprec^ive uf>and decision of char- when Tusovuicsadmit the birds, kept in nroper quarlac* In tha eg em fir uie express purpose of blowing Hamu.v skvhigh, air, and wlih pk-nn- of fresh water rappUed la aaall if he came in the way. and sentliag him to fill tne tubs or other vessels, to rearrange their plumage aad and gross errors ia which such Sir Isaac Newtob, of moral evidence than Mr. other for what may be considered the assassination of hiui appointed to a much coveted chfdr in the Untver. vice-chair to th^ black president of theplac« down restore It to that coadltioo in which the phuMga af(00' guarded against in or too whom, and alter full inquiry, were firm believers cislop.i of the Courts, martial and civil, in accordance poitaiit pott of Secretary of the Holy Synod, the tu- Tne nominee of the Democratic Convention will perviouf to water.Orefhlly practice,'fuBj 'Exposed In teaching. Tbe sound doctrines aa all siobjects of moral, political and theologicalof the truths. Gospelwith the laws, have sentenced scores of men to death for treason and for bearlog arms against tha State,prove a Scipio to thee, and Uie Democratic dose thou wilt get at the nex'. election will end thy career as sutely t; poison did the dfe of Haxmisii., the Car- thagenlan. Let everv one who gets aoe uf the docn-I>ang Islaad PIshlag.Ou) SoiTB Sma,"( BAirics. L. I., Wednetiay. May 3. , 1860. jBut not only is the habit to be deplored of draw-science, at all times taught within these wails, ing a line between theology and the otner branch- for whom the of theLiberal Fatty he had become an invaluablecouljutor,ombiuedaJfabiiitybibed that critical spirit for which he afterwards be-ofpreiLe eccleilattlcal tribunal of Greece. To thelongnotice of this extraordinary man. Although his name country moves on with a uniform noarcb, and a gran- the tkoTf practice ot the Ju,^gei' chambers, can fadmay not have been known to most of the readeri ofare Already turpaieing Great Britain, wewnile the auvocttes of a retrogradethey son to fear him on account of the faciUty with which men s we allude to, pack it back again to tne HelperGovernmentbad conspired against has come in to put the law't shieU of mercy overlhem, and commuting their pun- ishment, has given a term of imprisonmentinstead, or simply ^ent out of the country for a fised num'^er ofthis city takes a just pride, how much soever his keeping this connection constantly in view, and years.that to treat ol the one subject we I will aim to keep you informed of anything thatcounteract the influence of Datid Hume, lotfi on natural world have in ail ages been dwell upon as prospects of peace. The recent statistics of com- branch of vhe Church, the Russian, has, since me adarets wanted to preserve the unity of tne Demo- dutt and try your luck among these levtotaaat.have established the character of the Dniversiiy es of learning, it is equally necessary that no line upon a solid foundation. should be drawn between these and natural re- But it is not to be forgotten that the injury to ligion. There is hardly any head of philosophythe cause of truth has been done by a very e.iiiu- wnich is not connected wimclemencyverypohcyiiaU rea-sound, lo choose between tnese sound principles and the Constitution of 1843. The Patriarch wat found the Union of the Soutli on the one hand, and thebteu atierted both by legislative enactment and byThe HajfcxniT to thB' Suuwbs or theto be complaisant enough fanction that bad beenrumpown conduct, on the other."'one of tlieavailablyUicLASAiioBor bsBra-vsascxappluted by toe thutiea original S'.atetoffedtracy, to luperlnteiid the erection of a moauiaeatand for tie sake oi peace itie Legltiaiurequen'ly Judge Doculas received I'j: naifDaniel U. Caritty, of CoL William C. Aieiaoder,B.«Ltent here to and low." people highHaving testedthe almost fabulous stories re-incomingthisagocdjoAet Only thmk of Hauux's send- a German document to a man who don't tmder- who was sctuallv at Harper's Ferr)' as Orderly .Sergeant of the Howl zers,condltlont. My iiractlce was, upon recelvtag slsdlar'Km a distance, never to free aBOSaa to birds permitwater until such a of dm* bad alipaad aa to lengthhe could refute their pretentions bv means of hitgreat lamilisiity with Church history. In tne Springof ]8i 2 an emergency arose that called for the e.xer-cise uf his powers. Kver sine* the outbreak of merevolution, the Cnurcii of Greece hs'i t>eea v-irtiiaiiyindependent of the Patriarch of Constantinople. Cn- writet to Col, O. C. OBirnsthe reason which induced pounders. You can easily irotgine the a ll'illi' iistt la- llke the Roman Catholic Church, the Oriental Cburcnbound. A large number o( the documents have beenTo Ikr Manor if tke Ifev-Tork Tmue:Hon. jAJirs Jackson,gress from the :?i.x:h Congreteiunal District of Georgia,independent poiition for that a them to a<?joum the Richmond Convention to a dsv to beneath liie water, iUKt bis aaaiaMar-s«eins liooksd lalittle regarded, had never been revoked, nf the Old Domimon, North Carolina, Ttanetsec, poie you throx uim back ia the pool, at ae U ratherioimiUyan attempt WIS made bv the Greek Miniltry in I8S2 Kentucky and Mlttouti to choose between a united a uselers aiilmalanc Milham Alexaaoar, having defeated the cunnhigiydeviied project. Tne the majoiity of all ili* del^gaies. (In and out of the of Maryland. They arranpe-' ihemselvea lo aaaat-diency. To Prof. PHjRMjitDES is due the credit of either of the- other camii'iHtes could have o3talned Adams, of Massichusetis:Pairitrcu bDte the na-jie of "the Convention,} aa Doi'^i.^^ naveofficialSjnodical Tome." because signed by all the members nominaied, it wouiu01 the Synod,»t the head of whicn the P»ui»rcn saiuJs. date. Bull lon^i"Crec It very unfair, after he had sentlng the Comiais-'iojier.-Synodical Tome; or, Concerning rriub. So vigorous an attack upon all the nioai inveteratenever before been made a of Di'roLAS, wtien they knew he was by far the strong- tliV'rrutt..-^'eia''^<^<* '-^ Carpen-ef. Hall, aad pro-were subjected tothe clotett Tnetne claim of the Patriarch to the title of CEcum^mual greater interest not only to the Democratic Party but meDf ofno doubt In to the of Prof. PHaaat- respect opmlonimae, at least, that the entire hierarchical systemgrounds in at- *c. Under tbe lasolotlan. Col. AtotBi C. Watsi-know, bat suppose they follow theosteology addl- prodigious bodies, and all that inhabit tbem. tasUea. The name of their vessel Is the Stuutriam- tion. At the tiBte tiaw the pemlciout tendency af ttois that tbe dltBoultlet which the Convention will Prettdent. and Mr. J. Rust Fti appointedUntitled Documentthey happenwiU be aof this Government revolutionized. Senatorofcoalwithretistlestforce. Itruttitgale, tmd when the storm is over, we shall find thewe knowTlie latest arrival from Europe brings us the in- controUtd this Government up to the present I Bx hundred moUcas hatoia It ;says(andIt)that the South has*atthefootoftae mottoncalendar,"wIttatleastaadaa IhaCasutfite- telligence of the decease of Prof. TaaocuTDS Pbax- should think it no moie than decent to let the nis;«r- quently exhausted tsco days doilag dis last itoalh iaIt wouldto nominategiant,!Nonhaia leprasentattvas aaotharODai-''avIheneaa oftlaiu. 'ThllerencimijlaBIrhaaainIttillDeaaais oSeiedtobetfivathoniaadJudgethatA andlarge ezoeediogiyenthnaiaatielaUfieatfeMmeeting was held oa tha nh last at nialagfiMd. tt,tbehomeofA wigwam was dedicated in Columboa, OHaioa the of tbe .Bth. J. nightEx-Got. CBAas made ai'iliestii Em. W. L. TAaorr ia innSome yeara ago the Supieae Court of tkb Ke-—power hence .saost of these iiiniiaeillasi an2b tke Editor intheabsence—so far as I have>*Anatidse" have been debarred a longin Con- liih garding bliit-Judge Keiks.nydir,Pennsylvania to Charleston, says, inlished, that he hat always considered Mr. l)i>i'ir.is on by Mavortracted little atteutlonmajority of biOi Houses of the Grecianwere Inclined to sacrth 3e wha^ may have seeme J amtre question of aastract piitclple to pressnt expe- lai delegates, )n the Pcnnfvlvam* delegation. If George Maxwell, of Dtliware: Hon.my vou^could hare cucle in the centre|also to the nation than any similar body whichconvened In this There is dancer that .irssoiutlai was adopted, providing tara pevmatunc^HOUoB pakadar;" m-ldoas HOMSit.thus, by leason ofowners, besides the wsate and destraetioa ofssnigreat mischief to have reeulted on their being at oace restored to tmilmited acccts to that TheirI (hrsranl you a specimen of mr trophies—a few eight sad alaeand ventureinkier maa." R.canght,to JlBOWtt'aS KMiK.«H >a^B!s»»-,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069fiAAlaSSSSEwww.fultonhistory.com^^S^c: 