,SnlosTBatteryand,*l-5.tixAi^ NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY. APRIL 4, 1860.ofIkeGnatKUtoriaa.Bd^rand BHbMSociety by WaOam Cullen Bryant.for the love of rambling w4s_thetpo^t^- tHehfe^speech. gaveboth parties allows it acknowledge as our poets, one of whom is tbe another work oif Spanish historyi the Voyagu efple brightens the earth no more.Hcok, which has since become a city. A lerry- published his essays. Of the poets, Rogers, Camp-boat dancing on the rapid tides took him over to bell and Moore were beginning to be popularBrooklyn,dred pages. In the preface, he remarked that he was "unsettled in his aboile," that he had "hiscares and vicissitudes," and could not, therefore,In 1823, Irving, still a wanderer, returned to Paris, and in the year following gave the world his TalesofaTraveller. Murray,intbemeantime,in the wannest expressions of delight at finding- himself again among his countrymen and kindred, in a land of sunshine and freedom and ^ ITwelveyearssince the task was assigned me to; Lyrical Ballads,deliTer the funeral eulogy of Thomas Cole, thegreat father of landscape painting In America, theartist who firat tanght the pencil to portray, withnow our flourishing and beautiful Wordsworth had his publishedhad becomefullyweaned from the notion that Ir-" hope.when the sun of life had stooped fromitsmeridian. Inbqthinstancesthedaywas darkened by the cloud of death before the natural hourofitsclose; bntIrvingwaspermittedtobe- hold its light, until, in tbe fulness of time, and byof nature, 4t was carried belowWashington Irving was bom in New-York on the Sd day of April, 1783, bnt a few days after the news of tbe treaty with Great Britain, acknowl-to this!failed. Immediately, Sir Walter Scott came to spresds and harmonizes everything, like the warm Newstead Abbey formed the second volume of themanhood.:Cooperperson answeringdescription, apparentlythethe horizon.his native English than the somewhat formal taste he had found in the missing gentleman's chamberof that day encouraged. Cowper's poems, at that "a curious kind of written book," which he shouldhad not those of Bums, we must believe that he fiordignter owed him. In December following, Inskeep was no Scotchman. I think we may fairly infer i, Bradford, booksellers, published Diedrich Kmck- that if the style of Jrving took a bolder range erbocker's History of A'cw- York.than was allowed in the way of writing which pre- Salmagundi had prepared tbepublic to receive vailed when he was a youth, it was owing, in a this work with andan Enterprise beyond the Rocky MoutUaiiu ; a somewhat curious example of literary skill. Aappointmenttime,wereineverybody'shands,andif hisfather of himself for what his by way reimbursinggreatmanhood, and passed his youth in the midst of that general reverence which gathered round them asVoyages of Christopherplaced Irving among the historians, for the biogra- Verplanckhad the kindness to send a of it to copythey grew Williamold. Irving,of his instructors. He left this school in March, 1798, but continued for a time to re-with and offered tbe me,into irremediable volume to Murray. " Poetry does not sell at pre-lh«Hew-Tork HUtorioalfamous in history or fable,knew magvndi speaks ol leather breeches as all the rage DeiEhboriiiB places for every spot where a iwpder or robbery had been for a morning dress, and flesh-colored smallLtached to abeyond sea, appeared in the world of let- following the Alhambra^ which is another Sketeb- young lady whom be was to have mar- ters and won its aitenlion afier Irving had become Book, with the scene hiid in Spain.onr had been received, to independence,Beth Handaside had noduced to a regular narrarive the events to which it referred, bringing out the picturesque wherever beedgingthe great contentment of the people. He opeaedgreat degree, to his studies in the ooets, and es- reason tofavor,having undertaken itsregret publication.shows that the humor in the lighterhie native humor. His Pierre K. nephew,the father of the great author,complishedmuch, of course, has passed—was a native of Scotland one of a race in which ceiveinstinctA booksellerthe street with her little then five charge,bytruth and thanked among men,that no work could ever take its place. It was written with a strong loveyears old, she saw General Washington in a shop, and entering, led up the boy, whom she presented asis of the mosteven the later editions, judiciously abstainednotes.I find, in this work, more manifest traces thanin his other writings of what Irving owed to thewine of some rich" Cooled avirtue, love andGod that he found them in such large measure.ness, Jeffrey declaredone to whom his name been hacjlAt tke age of sixteen he entered his name as a student at law in the office of Josiah Ogden Hofi'- man, an eminent advocate, who in later life be- came a Judge in one of our principal tribunals. It was while engaged in his professional studies that he made his first appea^•^nce as an author. I should have mentioned the circumstancesItsale. happened,bowever, that thepiAiIiabeTven. The Gene- ral turned, laid his hand upon the child's head, andhim his smile and histhat they were bestowed upon his future biogra- pher. The gentle pressure of that hand Irving al- ways remembered, and that blessing, he believed.great idea,makinggaveattetided him through life.that tecoilection may have bad in him tme to high and generous aims.of bitterness. I rejoice, for my part, that we have had such apowertl^thatIrvingBroadway, a little beyond, was lost among grassywhich a rivulet stole the low sluggish throughgrounds called Lispenard's Meadows, and tol low- ing the course of what is now Canal-street, en- tered the Hudson. With tbe exception of the little corner of the island below the present City Hall, the rural character of the whole region was un- changed, and the fresh air of the country entered Jfew-York at every street. The town at that time contained aa series of essays bearing tbe signature of Jena- than Oldstyle, of which Ur. Duyckinck, whose judgment I willingly accept, says that they showsideration ot the entertainment we have enjoyed, and of that which beckons us onward in the next page. Of all mock-heroic works, Knickerbocker's History of New-York is the gayest, the airiest, the least tiresome.In 1848 Mr. Irving issued an edition of this work,he had made too free with the names of our old Dutch families. To speak frankly, I do not much wonder that the descendants of the orig- inal founders of New-Amsterdam should have hardly known whether to laugh or look grave onthe name of their ancestors, of whomtures of English life.Occasions will arise, no read it w-iih a view of giving a critical opinion ofto forEngland publicationat the same lime thatpastures and tilled fieldsstands our City Hal), was an open common, and beyond it gleamed in a hollow among the mea- dows, a little sheet of fresh water, tbe Kolch, fromin a less accommo-things its merits.";forsomeand there arc men enough on bothIt is quite perfect," "saidhe, on re-f«ent coumties but the descendants of the old ;Allston he made rambles in thelong picturesqueassociations, byIn one of his excellent HistoricalIn his answer to tbe Plaindealer, mens were made to me which seemedtoDutch settlers formed a'The works of the most part, cmdelyand can make it with aa hearty a confidenceimplyof the in- preserved many their pe- culiar customs, and had not ceased to use theof thegi,and in bislittleWho shall what sayblessing,thinkingthe Park, in which nowkeeping> Ldeep-delved earth." say that there arc no passages in thisand which al- dignity;anew-.In 1819, he began to publish the Sketch Book.composing Bracebridge Hall, Irving showed that he had not forgotten fiis native coun-"and waste,land after a weary seven years' war—^just as the given when he was between four and six years of which he was a native, and the Beoublic, old, by Mrs. Ann Kilmaster, at her school in Ann- City, who seems to have had some inrepeatstreet, difficultyof which he was yet to be the ornament, were en- him the In 1789 he wascomes halfArmy,ofour FarWest.Hehadthemanuscript (rfBon-of which those who inhabited them could scarcecalled Partition-street, kept by Romaine, justwho had been a soldier in the Revolution a sen- w hen I first tumed itsbered Since he last appeared before the public, asif the shadow of a sorrow had fallen upon greatit. The greater number of the papers are ad-"ent in every sentence.About the time that this workknow,have dreaihed. It seemsthe season followingappeared, Irvingr wasdrawninto the onlypublic,controversylnfruitful aa peace itself, and destined to make theworld better and its influences. happier by gentleand virtuous men were in the of their primeyears age.the master, but preferred reading to regular study. At 10 years of'age he delighted in the wild tales of Ariosto, as translated byHooIe;atll he was,clusion without weariness or so satiety,spontaneous, self-suggested are the wit and thehumor. Theauthormakesus because-he laugh,can no more help it than we can help laughing.Scott, in one of his letters, compared the humor of this work to that of Swift. The rich vein of Irving's mirth is of a quality quite distinct from the d'y""Widow and Her Son," and Rural Funerals,"Sno^vy1827 he again visited the South of Spain, gathering entitled tbe Plaindealer, remarkable both for itsmaterials for his Life of Columbus, which, imme- ability and its love of disputation. It attackedrespectin books of and travels, which he voyagesfittingible man and apagesthose who were bom at that timediately after his arrival in Spain, he had deter- Mr. Irving for alteringIn onehad the advantage of those who are educated un- derthemorevulgarinfluencesof thepresentage. Before their eyes were set, in the public actions of the men who achieved our revolution, noble exam- ples of steady rectitude, magnanimous self-denial and cheerful self-sacrifice for tbe sake of their country. IrvingcameIntotheworldwhenthesethat one of themy early youth.;took him to Grenada, and he lingered awhile inbut anindifferentscholar, andherehecontinuedtill country,shouldbethatofageniui,askindlyand hewas14 of Hewasafavoritewithfirst births of the newpeace,so welcome to the ,good disciplinarian, —probablydressed to our and some of deeper sympathies,he ever Wil- engaged.of that oldof its palaces and villas, and studied their worksthat rose to enthusiarm. He thought of the dry pursuit ot the law which await- of Ihem lived in the quaint old hiusej, built of ed his return to America, and for which he had nosmall yellow bricks irom Holland, with their and almost determined to be a inclination, fainter.the questions weie,hat>iunts, and ibeseforgivinghim- I sent a note to thechatted Dmc<» m peopletrylarge proportion ofneighborhoodcity, visited. the galleriesanother race.DiscouTses, Mr. Verplanck had gently complainedday.greater ter,and in himself as he felt in the work its first that I had taken part in this attack uponspeechof their ancestors at their firesides. Manydelightsaid, more in sorrow than in anger. Even the sorrow IA work like the Sketch welcomed on both Book,sides of the Atlantic, showed tbe possibility of anLife vf 13 this elaboratein the Columbus uniform-which I declared rations of my poem, that thoughnotojied gable ends on the streets, which hive Allstonhim in this and dispositi^,have detracted from the honor to thethe limits of his own"^"i^? '"'^"""e^.'^^ had no feeling towards ^'H'Zl T^^^since been swept away with that latisuai-e. Inthesurroundingcountry,alongiiMrivers ;md beside its hatbors, and in many parts l:.r inUnd,encouraged togeihcr they planned—paid early at all events, we do not seeby ample ofWitbinlanguage, qualities by which itweremadewiththe kindestthat, Irving the original character of the Dutch setilmipn's arose in his mind whichSpytry began by degreesed wilh a literary skill and a spirited activity of bly gave occasion to what was said of the inequal- nole Pri^fed & theintellect until then little known among us. Every ity of the style. The attempt to elevate the dic- were wntlen by Irving in IfflS.temperedWas siiU less cbsnged. Here they read their Dihies and led bim to a different destiny. The two friends and said their prayers, aiK] listened to sermons in separated, each to take his own way to renown—the ancettral tongue. Remaiaa of this lanjua^e Allston to become one of the oftaste as never to have tried his fullytbe assertion that we had no literature of our tion of the simpler portions, we maytor Ihe ». Kntckerlmcker,yet linger in a few thecommonschoolsaiKlthebut in most, andgreatestcapacitybecame and now, when marred what afterwardsneighborhoodsTwo of his brothers were andless and less truelist of new byhis Levns by fnend,_ID tJieearty morning to New-York. I remember, tice as an; lished inis in the mouths of all thepraise say,ol the Washing- some;perceivedwere lsti««a«t for speaking it so badly JannarT appeared, in the form of a smallv»Wtto SpainIt wi"W«**}y inferred thatpam- the isolation in phlet, the first number ol a periodical entitled Nal-overiooking it,mountain brooks at once, as they hurryto thefanlls on the outside, and livingm and History of•ty, and alleageily expectant of the panen^c which traces of th* beauty it wore before it was leveled who amused themselves with making him talk ofpagemay presume to have been bis constant companion. van, the precursor of them all, has sunk below the Those who are fond of searching, in the biographiesof eminent men, for tjhe circumstances which de-termined the bent of their genius, find in this sadevent, and the cloud it threw over the setting ;a oatlTe poet of nnlTaisaUy acknowledged Ulent and smoothed from side to side for the builder.appointed courses;plan, he would probably have producecf one of his most popular works.badbeen(eleetedtopaytottie fameofthelUoitri- ooa Uetoriographer of the Knlekeibocken. At tbe appointed konr, Mr. BaTjiire took hla place before the foot-Ughts, and wsa received with tnmultuotu ap- plane. Hi* address was as follows:Immediately without the little town it was charm-resorted the planters of the South withand too, like their hopeful they,to New-York in 1826, and I well recollect how I ad- mired the shores of the Hudson above Canal- We haTe come ftiends, on the street, where the dark rocks jutted fiir out together, my in the water, with little bays between, oyer whichsteamers to and by passing fro, its wharves crowdedIroia among us that ' less beantilul were the shores of the East River, our assembling is rather an expression of sorrow wheie the orchards of the Stuyvesant estatereached to cliflTs beetling over the water, and still further on were inlets between rocky bankswith red cedars. Some idea of this writings, tbe beautiful products of his peculiar beauty may be formed from looking at what re- genius, remain to be the enjoyment of the present mains of the native shore of New-York Island and future generations ; we keep the recollection of where the tides of the East Elver rush to and frohisamiableandblaznelesslifeandhiskindlyman- bytherockyvergeofJones'Wood.Here wandered Irving in his youth, and al- lowed the aspect of that n^ure, which he after-nor Goldsmith, though it has all the genial spirit him he wandered first into Wales and over intendays. TheWinterof1822foundhimbut so recent is hisdeparture;ed by a native gracefulness. Sainiagundi wasmanifestly written without the fear oi criticismbeloie the eves of the authors, and to this sense of .Campbell gave him, more than a year after,his ar- perfect freedom in tbe exercise of their genius tbecharm is probably owing which makes us stillread it with so much delight. Irving never seemedto place much value on tbe part he bore in thiswork, yet I doubt whether he ever excelled somepageshopeful people.that such a man wag bom into the world. His admirableot theirs, nor is it borrowed from any other writer.It is far more frolicksome and joyous, yet temper-for his death than ofcongratulationand for these we give thanksthought will force itself upon us that the light of' wardsspecial "sage to Campbell, thanking him for having made again.^ In Bracebridge Hall we have the StoutamongIrving hated public dinners, but he was forcedners,;but the'—his friendly eye is quenched ^that we must hear heart but his excursions were not confined to this; nomorehisbeloTedyoice,nortakehiswelcome island. HebecamelamiUarwithtbebanksoftheIrving. pleasantest acquaintances,"andalternating with sunny openings, shining tracks ofrivulets, quiet country seats with trim gardens, broad &\ -nues of trees, and Uses of pleached haw-In 1832 Irving relumed to New-York. He re- turned after an absence of seventeen years'to, find his native city doubled in popnlation; its onoe ' quiet waters alive with sails and furrowedingly diversified with heightiihollows, grovessplendid equipsges and troops of shining blacks in livery.bright leader, must soon be carried b; it below the earth.thorn hedges. I camegoodbristlingthe acquaintance and friendship of that poet. spersed wilh narratives, the scene of which is laid the civilized world. All the he had won trophiesportrayedneighbor city;were with copied" for he scope,'here. know little of heart who can ask They mymethisquestion. Ianswer.AslongasIlive." The instinct of rambling had not, however, for- saken him. In the Summer after his retinn he made a journey to the counfy west of the ICsas- sippi, incdmpanywilhMr.Ellsworth, acommis-entered a schoolslreet by Jonathan Irish, probably the most ac-year IrvingkeptThis he was strictly and simply personal in his adventures, wholly unacquaintedtodo, thonghlessons from the same teacher attbe instinct of veneration is strong and a Scottish home. Dr. Francis, in his pleasant reminiscences culty.beautiful,oblivion—woman was employed as a nurse in his household.It is related that one day while she was walking inprivateplationfound them, and whatwasevil,misshapenandhateful. Hiswas;of of him as Irving's early life, speakslication,it with aof my verses in such terms as would n^nrally command for them the attention of the pnbUc,andpreparing to enter Columbia College, and as being preventedprefaceof bis own. He did so, speakingthe state of his healthi bnt it is certain that an indiflerence to the acquisition of learning had takenabsolutelylaughing." The mirth of the History of New-Yorkmind of good-natured mistakes he looked for ;possession greatly regretted.satire in his he is writings,much of its power over the reader. Columbus was one of those who, with all their faculties occupied by oneof art with aof this as he freedom, expressing himself,fireiensionmade and destined to be little read. shspe. What strikes me as an occasional defect anguidly up,impression,m the aiie- ""ey were notof him at thatage,which he afterwards ,allowing the editor.amongthat favored the unfolding of his literary capaci-and was so much be-loved there, snd sought so eamestly lo bring tbe ful and devout courage, and his disregard of the" The foeman treiablee In his esBp."The other alteration was of a similar character. To the accusations of the Plaindealer, re-two of his elder brothers were men of literary tastes, William Irving some seven- teen years his senior, and Dr. Peter Irvinp, who in the year 180'i founded a daily paper in New-York,vintage long agehope- ridicule of meaner intellects, took a strong hold on^ecitled .with amost make us regret ttiat bis faculties wereAt the time that Washington Irving was bora,tbe of New-York contained scarcely more at a time when a daily paper was not, as now, an we do not sometimes meet with pluaseologyCity a enterprise requiringoltener roused intosuch collisions,ofthan twenty thousand inhabitants. During the an eiperiment that might be tried and abandoned not sometimes mn wild and drop here and there aIrving intimately, controverted points. He fully vindicatedBook and the other writings of Irving, and dis- dote relating to the Life of Columbus. When the in both instances, showing that he had made the own one of the magnanimous sentiments they ex- work was nearly finished, it was put into the alterations in my poem from a simple desire to dohow early the author acquired much charms us in his laterstyle which sothethat is unequaL" The remark made such an im- pression on the mind of the author that he wrote over the whole with the view of makinglarge outlaycapital,changed, that ^he wit doesnar. Us population bad probably diminished. The wilh little psk. Dr. Irving established the Morn- jest which we could willingly spare. We forgive, town was scarcely buUt up to Warren-street; ing Chronicle, and his younger brother contributed we overlook, we forget all this as we read, in con-press with regard to England or desire to abate hands of Lieutenant Slidell McKenzie, himself an the glow of one of his wa)i(n and cheerful pic- agreeable writer, then on a visit to Spain, whome service, and that with regard to the Tour on, the Prairies, he had sent a manuscript copy of itIn 1804, having reached the age of twenty-on-;, Irving, alarmed by an increasing weakness of the chest, Msited Europe for the sake of his health.He ssiUdthis was tbe first time that be had before appearedto the south of Prance, landed at Bordeaux in May, passed two months in Genoa, made the lour of Sicily, and crossing from Paler- mo to Naples, proceeded to Rome. Here he formed the acquaintance of Washington Allston, who was then entcring^ on a career of art as ex- mingled population drawn from dil- traordinary OS ihat of Irving in literature. Withthoughtheart, a work of peace and brotherhood, and I will sav for him that he nobly performed it.that he had not improved it. properthem the feelings awakened by their generous wel-directlyIn this I have no doubt that Irving was quite come, " These feelings, he said, " were genuine, right," and that it would have been better if he had and were not expressed with half the warmth with have been the influence of the Sketch Book Upon never touched the work after he had brought it to .which they were entertained," an assertion which American literature. At the time it appeared the the state which satisfied his individual judgment. every leader, I believe, was disposed to receivethe scheme of a life oSvoted to the pursuit of art. It was. fortunate for the world as reflected on the doubtshistory of ourthe twobe won.Cooper's ofourcoun-Irving originallypainters, Irving to lake his place among tbe greatest offor in they received him as a silent part-yearownwe look over a works native au-oftheYan- a'lthers.inrnptiotis Leaving Italy, Irving passed throughreallyIn the Spring of 1829, Irving made another visitkee race, and the growth of s population ne«ly BwiiTerland to resided in Paris several <ieiived from France,terances of Europe, have stifled the ancient ut- months, traveled through Flanders and Holland,thors, we find, with an astonishment amounting al-fiaylord were afterwards collected Into a vol- write. TheyNew-Amsterdam. I remember that, weiit lo England, and returned to his native coun-mAt the close of thevisiu namehanks of the Hudson, in which they were mostlytwenty vcar. since, the market ofwhich make a lair claim upon his greatpopular works. When the traveler now hisBergen the steamers which brooghtthem1806, alter an absence of two years.writings of that author, which appeared in Phila-attention. Itwas since 1819 that the historians of our Grenada and is taken to the Alhambra, guide''-I>»on thtir fertile and ample acres, ""at Imyhood population twentythe writings.;but Ir-English addition to the American public.But aa'J trsnsffrmed to a comparatively gay metropolis- between the appearance of the New-h^mtfhe «>TM^ Its of thousand souls had en- and earlyiyouth of Irving were passed. He began larged to more than eighty thousand, although itsists.York, 1809, that of the Sketch-Bo6k in 1819. the Sketch Book; their number is now beyond prising turns of fortune, and these wrought opwhom no pupil needed to be ashamed, but it can Columbian Hotel in Mulberry-street, and had notwork as a reason for declining it. This was dis- London, and to the relations in which authors at volume of the Crayon Miscellany, uadei tbe title couraging, but'Irving had the enterprise to print that time stood to tbe booksellers. His sketches of a 7'aur on the Prairies. In this work the origi- the first volume in London at his own risk. It of the different personages are individual, char- nal West is described as Irving knew how to de- was issued by John Miller, and was well received, acteristic and diverting, yet with what a kindly scribe it, and the narrative is in that vein of easyage, and he delighted, we are told, in reading C baucer and Spenser. The elder of these greatbut within a month afterwards the publisher pencil they are all drawnHis nature over- gayety peculiar to his writings. Abbotsford and goodmight have shown him the art of heighten- a little north of Ten later poets King's Bridge. daysmg his genial humor with poetic graces, and from Seth Handaside, the landlord of tbe Columbianatmosphere which so much delights us in a paint- ing.Irving, still " unsettled in his abode," passed the Winter of 1825 in the South of France. When you are in that region you see the snowy summitsof the Spanish Pyrenees looking down upon youSpanish visitors frequent the watering-places ;Spanish peddlers, in their handsome costume, offeryou the fabrics of Barcelona and Valencia ; Span-ish peasants come to the fairs ; the traveler feelshimself almost in Spain already, and is haunted bythe desire of visiting that remarkable country. To found it, and enhvening the whole with touches ofboth he might have learned a freer mastery over Hotel,gavenotice, through the 4bmejournal,that\ \peciallyHe owed little to the schools, though he began I was then a youth in college, and having comiuit-Spain Irvingbis eyes to tbe light, therefore, just in the dawn ofthat sabbath of peace which brought rest to the to attend them early. His first instructions were ted to memory a portion of it togetting through alphabet.tering upon a career of greatness and prosperity, transferred to a school in Fulton-street, then I have read thisdeeptooktoschoolandreadbystealth. Atthattimeand allow it tohe composed with remarkable ease andand exchanged tasks with the other boys, writing iheir compositions, while they solved his problems in arithmetic, which he detested. At the ofthe title.Romaine gave up teaching in 1797, and in thatishedthatwork,afterhavingPrairies,age IS, he tried his hand at composing a play, which was performed by children at a fiend's house, and of which he afterwards forgot every part, evenThe Sketch Book and the two succeeding works for the copyright, and laid it before the publi(f in ference unfavorable to Irving's sincerity,fluency,in Beekman-phy of that great discoverer is a part, and a remark- Irving, desiring him to find a publisher for it inmatter,his enthusiasmandDana'sIdleMan the ;for the serviceand m abriefyear he was admitted to prac-Magazine,pub-Iwritten. Theywere,in- as withwhere Dutch WMmalroms ^Ibs Bnghsh stock, marrying iato them, him Ihe admiration of the world. On the 24th of the experiment of his talent for a vocation tofroin paintingsthe mountain walls of an ezblbitlon.still thehousehold tongae, and earliest of those literary labors whicirhave won ~and following years, he was the editoraulhor, and with Herodotus two years before slepttrythre/B of^langnage, strange ihe re« of magundu joinc production of himself, his Those who remember the Anaitetie Magazine,thathis talentsJ^^^iiorwhichthe conntiy,'>nie«« these people, would form them brother 'WilUam, and James K. Tneto was to act a« of theI have never understood during tottlme to putto a characU'ir ofwith hintstest dolBir, and I suppose,»! my hearers-therewasa <fe»lthatwa« gr««tpoetry,tainingmiscellany,partly compiledEnglishone of the«*«,|""'P!S,S^-.2?to thepeeuluir simpliciiy, in which elder brother contributed thethat it was a most enter-fromheplain. In July of the same year repaired•Wffi^.quaint and not a little that woiflti appear comic to their uelghbor,population, ftiendiy nu) hMplabte, wearing the'.rand entlines tor some of tbebut ail nearlyand publications, mostly periodicals, partlytention by the public discourses,Gr««i«,most carefully the ancient ifcofia of Spain, jet soinade sp of eontrltmlions trom some of our own best of the Anglo-Saxcn stock. It was amotn; gav.h a When Saiiiueumdi appeared, the quaint old writers. Tbe NogrsphicSl essays of which I havemost perfect of their kind, such as make the fame of Bveiett.essays,the prose was written by the two other associates.tcie. oflkcclngrustofvaimOBttjmr to be settled, I think heDutch town jo vBikb Irriilf was bom fawl becomespoken were the Mily pobiisbed writincs of Irnagwrite with the elegance and nvacity of the essay-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Paulding.Socrethias^ CAtoiIp Here he pubUshedHe id. AmeftoSMiniBten. atMichael' Angelo. Ballston Springs were the great fashionable watering-place of the country, to whichthe same motion which lifted them up to the mid-sky bears them forward to theirSalmagundi satirized the follies and ridiculed the humors of the time with great prodigality of wit and ao less exuberance of nature. InIrving went to Paris in 1820, where he he passedso well, to itself on his of those papers in which bear thehim known toto one accepthim his enthnsisatic pressed upon byband^ It is aa if some genial year had just closed Hudson, the extraordinary beauty of which he was other writings, can hardly be said to have writtenand left us in fiost and gloom the first to describe. He made acquaintance with anything better than the best of those which are—passage of visitors to Greenwood and thronged had been before the public. Hazlitt had taken hisfilled the golden ear and tinged the reddening ap- with funerals ; to Hoboken, Harsimus and Paulus place among the authors, and John Foster hadengraveSalmagundimost evident marks of his style, andthough be has since acquired a reputation by bishave made this many a day."In the same year that he visited Abbotsford hisbrothers failed. The changes which followed the: its flowery Spring,its leafy Summer, its plenteous Autumn, flown, Nyack, Haverstraw, Sing Sing and Sleepy Hollow Just before SaJmagundi appeared, several of. together, and he was now to begin the world up s( me of their most striking passages, both graveascribed to hisnevertoreturn. Itsgiltsarestrewnarounduiits harvests are in our gamers ; but its season of rambles in another directioa led bim to Communi-bloom and warmth and fruitfulness is past. We paw, lying in its quiet recess by New-York Bay; years the quarterly issues ofthe Edihurgh Review, look annuid us and see that the sunshine which to the then peaceful Gowanus, now noisy with the then in tbe most brilliant period of its existence,peace of 1815 swept away their fortunes and histhe skill wilh vvhich havethey wroughtthe Dutch neighborhoods sheltered by its hillspen.pattern— withthe His and majestic Highlands beyond.and In gay.gion now populous butthe authors who gave the literaiure of England its present character bad begun to write. For fivethen untitledand I could only write to Irving and ask leave to It was written in England, and sent over to New- try ; and in the pleasant tale of Dolph Heyleges" add my voice . to the general acclamatioiL In birfatfgued with his journey, resting by the road sidein those of the earlier literature.Englisn I recollect well its early and immediate popularity.went in the lattervited by our Minister at Madrid, Alexander H. Ev-as a decla- mation before niy class, I was so overcome with laughter, when I appeared on the floor, that I was unable to proceed, and drew upon myself the re-buke of the tutor.picturesque."latingdiscoveryhistoryjonnudHistory ofBenjamin — again, and I found myself no less delighted thaninWhen I compare it with other works of wit andhumor of a similaroi them, it carries forward the reader to the con-lengthI find unlike most that,which,of it as a "account of his inability to understand what becalled "the of ofthe allusions in this point many,politicalsatire." Ifearthathemusthavebeen one of those respectable persons who find it diffi- cult to understand a joke unless it be accompanied with a commentary opening and explaining it to the humblest Scott found no such diffi-egotism,appearance, spoketantalizing book," onTbe and Lifecapacity.Our sides," he says, in a letter to Mr.ofitspub-"Brevoort, a friend of Irving, written just after heto turnawaysightyettransparentfrom a ny attempt to make it more intelligible byplaced The edition, inpage.earlier authors in The jiur language.quaint po- etic coloring,and often tbe phraseology, betray tlie disciple of Chaucer and Spenser. We are con- scious of a flavor of the olden time, as of a racyover the chasm betweenthe two great nations that an illustrious Ameri- his character and history, the grandeur and mys-I will notwork which are not worthy of their contextnot or at there is not a large-minded and large-hearted man Mr, Duyckinck gives, on the authority of one least that be did not sometimes employ his pen on in all our country who can read over the Sketch who knew' an instructive anec- himselfbut which we could wish— in thecan lived so long in England,people of the two countries to a better understand-tery of his design, his prophetic sagacity,his"intended in part as an answer to those whoA diflerent work was assigned him in the verystructure of his mind and the endowments of his the style more uniform, but he afterwards thought Europe, it was but that he should express toto which he prefixed what he called anApology,"narrative,his countrymen as an author since his return from ^findingthey never thought but with respect, now con- nected wilh ludicrous a wit ofLet me pause here to speak of what I believe toperiodicallistsofnewAmericanpublicationsWere Anauthorcanscarcecommitagreatererrorthanbelieve must have long since wholly passed away,ity of stylesages where absolute simplicity would have satis-fied us better It may well be supposed that such as I should have *f.»when it is seen how littleIrving's pleasantriesAmerican authoracquiringa fame bounded onlyand gave an ex-made, Idelphiaperhaps,terest in the volume tbsn in the magazine, justCity it could survivemighthow"graceful Apology."years afterw-aids wehadwith theand others with the spirit and fire of one who hadandof the His- tory oj New-York that Irving abandoned the pro- fession of law, tor wbicb he had so decided a dis-quietplainnessfacts,me. "TheIt was not after thelong publicationnationwasoraciouslyand to the Analecticreadwithmorewhoseliea towns of Massachusetts practuioner. He began the year 1807 witn the tbe United States. Of this magazine, in 1813 fabric of his fame long after Irving appeared as an ton Irving," and he will show an apartment,also, that about ten attorney. at-law. He opened an office, years before, there vwsre fami- but it could not be said that he ever became awill biographical accounts of the naval commaixlers of nations, began to write. One of them built up the placeone of the curiosities this is the chamber occupied bymthe westermost;ol Iheol the more pleasure in the painter'smerit are seen room than on thethe samehe contributed"HerecannotbaveforgottenWithin thatclass who hold vast multitudes in motionless at-London, where he Amerioin Legation.city,a series ofcountry,Iissort, and the in author,his name to liein the title consequence,as taaad aIrving's good-humoredhe had renderedexpla-Paulding,said"that Ifamiliarin that does hot heighten tbe comic effect of the narrative. If I am not greatly mistaken, the mostat the Hotel on the City;thatenergy by'countryof his mind to attach itself to the contem-g****^'-VJS^•wrasw «Wxnti We had but one novelist before tbe era of full of diversified with lor- personal incident, soIt was during this interval that an event took enumeration by any but a professed catalogue- with such picturesque effect, that to use an expres- seems to us now the narrow space between the future life, affected the character of his writings, vated form of human Those whom we take for a romance. In 1831 he the worldWASHINGTON IRVING.CoMMMMOMittoii of tke Bink amd Deatk while yef a boy to wander about the surroundnig aristociatic class had yet their residences in what place which had a marked influence on Irving's maker, and many of them ate read in every culti- sion of Pope, a young lady might read it by mis-country;marksb e peculiarity of that penodteame, as^he himself writes, famihar with all the ol Europe were imported regularly and fresh. Sal- to be spoken of without reserve, gives a peculiar special javorite of our brothers in language who the Companions of Columbus, and !n tbeofhisandWall-street. Themodesandfashionsnowthatthedeathofinterest to his personsl history. He becrme at- dwell the yecrcominltiedor a ghost seen; strolled into the vil- an evening party. Gay equipages dashed through 'ried. She died- unwedded, in the flower of her famous. We have wits, and humori«ts, and amus- While in Spain, Irving had planned a ofnoted their customs and talked with their the streets. A new theatre had risen in Park-row, age; there was a sorrowful leave-taking between ing essayists, authors of some of the airiest andsages^ a welcome guest, doubtless, with his kindly on the boards of wHich, Cooper, one of the finest her and her lover, as the grave was about to sepa- most graceful compositions of the present century, the facts from which it was to be written. Wbea, Ho tribote of respect to the memoiy of tbe and incenuous manners and the natural playful of declaimers, was performing to crowded houses rate them on the eve of what should have been and we owe them to the new impulse given to our afterwards, he bad actually begun the caadf.iMtet otjkmaitma hWoriu^ could have b«en more a«fnfrtito,«r bk-ra caukted fronf a more fitting nuice, ttan that oAsred last ereiiiog by the New-her bridalhis life, tenderiy and faithfully cherished her mem- our literary firmament—some crowdedlages,turn of his conversation. Tbe churches baa multiplied faster than theCortez,theConquerorofMexico,I dwell upon these particnlars because they pikces ol amusement;other public buildings of anotices together, Prescott designedto write tbeHistory of thehelp to show her* how the mind of Irving was magnificencehitherto our In one of the unknown, including ory.biographical—published )withtheirminutepointsoflightinagalaxy some Mexicanwhat he made himself present City Hall, had been erected process— Conquest, immediately after Irving's death, an old, well-worn standing opart in constellationsandimmediatelyTammany Toik BJitotlcal Society. The Academy of Mu'c master of the inaterials afterwards wrought into Hall fresh from the hands of the builder, over-lUrlyof his "bedside, bearing her name on the title sdes shedding sweet influencesandilled with tbooe who came to aidst Id the the forms w* so much admire. It was in these looked tbe Park. We began to afiect a taste fortrained,;byrambles that his love of nature was pictures, and the rooms ot Michael Paff, the famous-was•eiOBonlal; aa aaembJage reoreeentatlra of all thatli BoM cnlttrated aad refined In metropoUtan locl- the Island of New-York as it now is, see few rite lounge for such connoisseurs as we then had,strongawakenedandnourished. Thosewhoonlyknow German.pictureto tbe sanguinary barbarities of tbe Conquest. He saw what rich materials of the plctnresqne these horizon. The spheres, meantime, perform their opened to him, and if he had accompnsbed Usdealer in were a favo- Broadway,in~a delicate female hand a relic which we Star, the soft and severelight that glowed in theirfrom thehad read the book, "are sore with not a nature to pry for faults, or disabuse the;and Irving, ever after, to the close of literature in 1819. I look abroad on these stars of sition of the work, he happened to learn thathe desisted. glorious I recog- It was his intention to interweave with tlie nana- copy of the Bible is spoken of, which was kept nise Arclurus, and Orion, and Perseus, and the glit- tive descriptions of the ancient cnstoma ef tbe lying on tbe table in his chamber, within reach tering jewels ol the Southern Crown, and the Flei- aborigines, such as their modes of warfare andTraveler—aboymi with agreeable^ictures of Eng- lish life, seen under favorable lights and sketched wilhafriendlypencil. Letmesayhere,thatit was not to pay court to the English that he thuspublished here at the same timemy Columbus poems was published here in the year 18S!, Mr.describe them and their hecouldnotdescribethemotherwise. Itwastheof the and goodwherever hewas and historical is both personalthat has settledsaid and declined it. Murray,If there are touches ofthe l>est-natured and most amiable of satirists,of the subject, and to this it owesob- to two lines in a poem called the Song efamiable beyoni Horacethere is a vein ofmany of his works, there is no tingewriter as Irving to bridge —asthegloryoftheirage. Thepoeticelements ofwith each other and to wean them from thethe mind ofthe work.and formed theofpliedmingled spiritinganimosities of narrow minds,I am sure thatIrving,inspirationdoubt,dating spirit,sides of the Atlantic who can say thernving was not sent into the world on this errand.sayinghere, and that it would have been an absurdity to address theand occ^ionai pamphletsex- to alter what he when he has a literally.extremelymeagre, tent, ofwrites, exceptand dissertations on clear perception that tbe alteration is for the bet-some allu- -but the— Eveningtheir of relief gorgeous pageants, by wayand cheerful period of early manhood, an explana-tion of the transition from the unbounded playftil-ness of the History of New- York to the serious, the remainder of the year and part of the next, tender and meditative vein of tbe Sketch Book. andwherehe became with theacquainted poet form it resembles the Tattler, and that numerous In 1815, soon after our second peace wilh Great Moore, who frequently mentions bim in bis diary.with masts, the heights which surronnd it, and brood of periodical papers to which the suc- Britain, Irving sailed again for Europe, and fixed Moore and he were much in each others' company, which he reniembered wild and solitary and lyinglULOGT BT WILLtAM 0. BRTANT.hnthday of an Qlnstrious citizen of our Bepablic ; drooped fotesPtrees overrun with wild vines. No own ; Its style of humor is not that of Addison lisbed. Bis old love of rambling relumed upon Hall was composed—one hundred and thirtyin forest, now ciowned with stalely countfy seata, or with dwellings clustered in villages, and every- where the activity and bustle of a pronierons andcess of tbe Tattler and Spectator gave birth ; but himself at Liverpool, where a branch of the large and the poet has left on record an expression of his it is in no sense an imitation. Its gaiety is its commercial boUEC to which be belonged was es- amazement at the rapidity wilh which BracebridgeAnd he, too, how had be return- some of the finest counties of England, and then in Dresden. In that year was published Brace- ed ? The young and comparatively obscure anthor^ northward to the sterner region of the Scottish bridge Hall, the groundwork of which is a charm- whoseworks had only found here and there a Highlands. His memoir of Campbell procured him ing description of--eountry life in England, inter- resder in England, had achieved a fame as wide asin other countries. Of these, the Norman tale of Annette Delabre" seems to be the most beautiful and aflecting thing of its kind in all his works ; so beaulilul, indeed, that I can hardly see how he who" He is one of the best and Gentleman," full of a certain minute of paintingin this field he brought home to lay at the feet of his country. Meanwhile all the country was moved to meet him ; the rejoicing was universal that one who had represented us so illustriously abroad wasrival in England, a letter of introduction to' Scott,who, already acquainted with him by his writings,welcomed him warmly to Abbotsford, and madshim his friend for life. Scott sent a mes- haj once read it can resist the desire to read it henceforth to live usScott,objects,countrymen.giventavo numbers, containing from seventy to a hun- beside which be was born.the historian of New-Amsterdam back to his na- tive City, abd Irving in reply poured forth his heartgives these papers the " tranquil attention neces-then a cluster of Dutch farms, Scott, his Lay of the Last Minstrel, Southey, his sary to finished composition.'' Several of them ving's writings lacked the quality which be called am asked," he said, how long I mean to rem^nwhose lived in broad lowwithMadoc, and Joanna Bailli? two volumes of her plays. In this revival of the creative power in lit-in the LondonGazette, and an intimation was conveyed to the author that some person in London was about to publish them entire. He preferred to do this him- self,and accordingly offered thework tothe famous bookseller Murray. Munay was slow in giving the matter his attention, and Irving, after a rea-had paid a thousand guineas for the copyright of Bracebridge Hall, and now offered fifteen hundred pounds for the Tales of a Tratel- hn which Irving accepted. " He might have had ttto thousand," says Moore, but this assembly will not, I hope, think the worse of him, if it be ac-houses, stoops in front, overshadowed by trees.praiseLiterarypossessorsthe boldness of nature, oar wild forests and lake Tbe generation with whom Irving grew up erature, it is pleasant to see that our owrn countryshores, onr motmtain regions, and the borders of read the Spectator and the Rambler, the essays took part, contributing a work of a charaacterasour rivers. Five later I was bidden and tales ot Mackenzie, and those of Goldsmith ;fresh and original as any they produced on the other side of the Atlantic.majestic yearsto express, in such terms aa I could command, thethe novels of the day were those of lUchardson,and Smollet ; the religious world weregeneral sorrow which was felt for the death of occupied with the pages of Hannah More and 1809, appeared in the Evet&ng Post, addressed toknowledged that the world contained men who sioner intrusted with the removal of certain IndianFieldingNearly two years afterwards, in the Autumn ofFenimore Cooper, equally great, and equallythe leader of his countrymen in a different walk ofcreativegenius. Anothergravehasbeenopened,and he who has gone down to it, earlier than theyin his labors and his fame, was like them foremost hardly be said that the style of Irving was formed been heard of afterwards. In the beginning of in tbe peculiar path to which his genius attracted in the school of any of them. His father's library November, a " Traveler " communicated to the him. Cole was taken from us in the zenith of his was enriched with authors of the Elizabethan same journal the information that he had seen asonable delay, wrote to ask that the copy which he were sharper than he at driving a bargain. The hsdleftwithhimmight.be returned; It was sent Tales of a Traveller are most remarkable for theirtribes, and roamed over wild regions, then the hunting-grounds of the savage, but into which tbe white man has since brought his plow and lus herds. He did not publish his account of thisDoddridge,fresh from the press ; politicians sought the humane, an advertisement requesting informa- their models of style and reasoning in tbe tion conceming a small elderly gentleman named speeches of Burke and the writings of Mackintosh dressed in a black coat and cockedback with a note pleading excess of occupation, second part,entitled Buckthome and his Friends,Knickerbocker,and Junius. These were certainly masters of hat, who bad suddenly left his lodgings at tbethe great cross of all eminent booksellers, and al- in which the author introduces us to literary life "where not a single touch is thrown popular novelists of tke day have learned from thisIt was30th ot May, Chancellor Kent presiding, and themost eminent citizens of Kew-York assembled at thetable. Iremembertheaccountsofthisfestiv-ity reaching me as I was wandering in Illinois, hovering on the skirts of the Indian war, in a re-Ybtk, where it was issued by Van Winkle, in oc- he went back to the banks of that glorious river address at the dinner. Chancellor Kent welcomedit as the first leging"the want of scope in the nature of the in its various aspects, as he had observed it in journey until 1835, when appearedLondon and saw Murray, who allowed himself tobe persuaded, the more easily, doubtless, on ac- count of the partial success of the first volume,""that the work had more scope than he sup-and purchased the copywright of both vol- fuiomseds, for two hundred pounds, which he after- wards liberally raised to four hundred.Whoever compares the Sketch Book with theHistory of New-York wight, vetiaps, at first fail to recognize it as the work of tbe same band, ao much graver and more thoughtful is the strain in which it is written. A more attentive examina-tlon, hojpever,psrts is ofthe same peculiar and original CBst,wbol- ly unlike that of any author who ever wrote, a hu-" mor which Mr. Dana happily characterized as. afanciful playing with common things, and here and there beautiful touches, till the ludicrous be-Yet one cannot help New-York over perceiving that the author's spirit had been so-Crayon Miscellany, and to these he has-added another entitled, Legends of the Cvnqtitrt of Spain.In 1836 he published Astoria ; or. Anecdotes ofunsought, dwell upon tbe saddest themes. Only in two of.—" andthe" of Rip Van Winkle" LegendandearlyHe passed the Winter of 1826 at the Spanish capi-tal as the of Mr. Rich guest; it was because able of the of the world. Of what England. part, historyreadily engagedfor playful irony running throughjectedMarion's Men. One of them was^" The British soldier trembles,"and Irving good-naturedly consented that it should be altered to;irony,consisted, to a greatpursuing it.commerce,ner. He did ^ot, however, renounce hisoccupations. He wrote, in 1810, a memoir of most to alarm, that the most voracious devourer of to the South of Spain, collecting materials from ume, entitled Wolferl's Roost, bocfi the ancientCampbell, the poet, prefaced to an edition ofthe books must despair of being able lo read half those which he afterwards composed some of his mo^t of that bedniiful residence of his on themaking which men of decided literary tastes in this conn-windows of which have youengaged literary;monthly periodical;Untitled Documenta viewbe the ornament of the Association beforis whom peaks and hear the murmur of manyof the band livesare strongly inclined to betake themselves. I am called to speak, and is forming the an-Irving's deathnals of his country into a work for futurehas arisen us among tbemo« dellfihtfol of his works, an exact history, for such Within that period our theolog^ns bkvs Mained to it is admitted to be by those who have searchedages.periodto nl Wous tJon of importanceJ^JS?^;In 1848 beister, and remklned in that countryanotheryettoas the AmenCanwhatoutstanding above the shadowsent,"in Bond-street, named Andrews, undertookover the rest. The work of Irving was at once ineverybody's hands, and eagerly read, Navarreteits andvouched for historical accuracy complete-but that Irving should introduce requiredand bent onty, are looked upon as crazed, and pitied and for- gotten if they fail, but if they sncced are veneratedthe and tuining manuscript, except style,be had sent another to theprinter—a certain in prismatic coloring pas-wrote some ofthe work partspresstoteemwithworkscompos- becomewarmedwithhissubject,andthis"leveTal^apers suppose, and tbe (bilowuig yearhadIrvingbeen one of the merits of the work.conductedClark, all of tbcm such as he only conldtheglorious valley of the Genii, with« '• < for inj.,.„ ,^ your^rt.,j..;partof the ui- year,it a rea'i- practicalof a calm relator of;Irving, Ughtened his labor materially by examining and erett, at the suggestion of Mr. Rich, the American collating the letters and making memoranda of Consul, an industrious and intelligent collector of their contents. In 1837 he prepared for the press Spanish works relating to America. His errand the Adventures of Captain BormevilU, of the Uni- was to translate into English the documents re- ted States in the Rocky Mountains and thetotheContinent, collected by the research of Navarrete. nevUle before him, bnt the hand of Irving is appar-watered the that beautiful region profiisely byso far as Ithemi as for example, the Broken Heart," the streams that break from the Ridge. In liam Leggett then conducted a weekly periodicala line or two in one of Sleepy Hollow"—does he lay the reins loose on mined to write, instead of translating the docu- noems, with a view of making it less offensive tothemmyIn he and fin- and for writing a preface to the Spain began Englishteaders,visited the as- American edition of his Tour on places thethe neck ol his froUcsomedash forward without restraintamong the most delightful and popular tales everments of Navarrette.fancy, ;and these rankfull sociated with the principal events in the life of his of professions of love for his country, which werebeendrollery of Swift, but they this in common, believe, by nearly everybody who uari read at all. " scope " that he gave him three thousand guineas these circumstances the Plamdcaler drew an in-havethat they charm by the utter absence of effort, andwritten. laourcountrytheyhavgread,Ihero, Murray was so well satisfied with its studiously omitted fromthis was probably the ground of Scott's remark. A —here and I I do itCliticin tneLondon Quarterly,some after of Irving Bracebridge Hail and the Tales oj a 1828, LiSfe the other workSyOf Irving, it was I should mention, hope may years its as in London. without much that when a volume ofvoluminous commercialcorrespondencewas thedull ore of the earth of which he refined andwrought into symmetry and splendor. Irving re-To remove thePlaindealer for publication, insubstance that I never had complainedotaccepted,proba- Pllind^alcr. Irvmg pronouncedhighest^^ fand Ufe collectedthe edition. From English;?Ifnet :- .'II. www.fultonhistory.com 