 mmftmn o^mm t>»thU doaWe'wtatTerittatr.featfnMblr Otefee^bad. beea ilvan to tbe Importanta^'*" WHOHfrtorar #MO,p(!Oparraarniory includedthe Tenitoiythe oriatnal law by which the Territory of Kansss waa created waa that It scouid be created toto a tem-the nana of the of TerritoryIhSfi£STMf?''?J*'*»^ IfnottUaaabj*ao'waabaforetbam; bat for blauelf he bad Slareiv. And does not that also liaply that they were of these recommended tba estabUsbment of a Gov- keeotrg up tbelr partleuUrABHCBOFT & Ca.Wo.WJoha-«t., New-Tark,«!•*»* <k Baker>B Nalaeleaa TAXILT UVOre MAOHIirKSTBE BB8T IM 08B.No. 4H Broadway, Hew-Terk.Mo. Ml Fcooiaaof1:met with favor, there waa not sufficient lima then to.i«^':. .°.?rfj*'»°'001;fhim at. Joaeph to Salt Lake, weekly, with Mr part aad tbeOrest Eaatam portion region, theyof Kansas.were not sufficient and the work was doneMr. Bnnrr—Thegentleman saysthatthe Presi-Dr. Blai^ eaaHaaaa ta aaaiy kta ^ttdlMlt '"""'b"a«t «oe opinlaa aa to tbhfe properjto malte a Constltattaa,and Is not' there a sort ofpartisan org£i.;prorlftoosofnecaHarr for him,•""««"p^therefcre, thalr dutv to legislate with reference to the eaMing oonlracn, and protectlBg them, at the aaa* (tee perfact their system. He was sorry to sae a diipoaftlon in Coogreas hurriedly to abrogate:clusively that tbe greatest abuses existing under A man should never neglect his own household, and FuaBiK --In thia City, en Wednesday, Hay 30, of oon- La ReKoshe, by the celebrated Tenor Oof i^g|)c yen)^l?gr« ftto0, JlnttgftiiC Jttttg Si, 186flL CoMRuOiajiMjnM adaUte4.andBoaaebcltarad aaChainaanof tbe CommlUee oaFoMU «x»aedl- [ giving o«t (he irerk ili» »* lowest Wddar. The er-WEW^"'Mrribii,««Nair-Htapriiln, (Bap,) witbdrev kls akttltaM for tM Ofutattf ViU bU.sUcdoverbyMr.Knra,andbyOeCommitteeofthis £fS;222r,^WanheaaoMa,»»Bre«iw„, BQSnmS. Kew-Tslk.to coatnet wltb tha ecBtnolon on the routaaand Great SaU Ltka, ;alio, to oonlnet far a dally laaU fcy raartai, ftom April 1 to Dae. I, and tri- waMrfarttaabalaaeaof tluyvar, fioa Sacramentoto Pamui, Orans, at not orti 9100,800 per aanam alae, tataeatiact nr a waaUr mail from SL Paul, mmaiali. to tha Falla of Oreaoa, at not orerMr. loxHiK reftrrad to UH neat tntei«it felt In thia aaajaet by tkapeopla af CalUbtnla, wbleb for tfcalr tamadlaia baaait waa paraaonnt eren to the Padtfo RaOraail. Erery coneelrable propoaltlon onuna lU Tarrltwy did forDelesatc.—batwaw St Jowvk,and hatwaaa Oiaat Salt Lake and Pttuar- TUJa, *r • •ant'tiaekly aail—aw dUUnce to ba doae IB fWHj daT*^-at mat leu than •MS.OW aaanaUy alaa, to cootnot for tiM traaiportatlca of printed matiar and baakad doeuoienti, by alaannhli»i, at notthe public Praas throughout .^,?ViTM'8act upon which It was Importaat Wiiitrnlri Tr*—r"it!-' Ccagnastwoyaaiaa<«professedthemseiTeswlUlag thewbolecountry. Muchoftbelaborwhichwould promptaadX^SJS,** ,aBnwbwHo.,niirniiiiiaML _;porarybythe BnttetHeld mall route, the history of which was were people enough, and all was right enough, and Congress would even run the risk of Its being Demo-Mr. HABxia-The Executive Department had the power of preventing the printing of dupUeato blanks,JoKXa.—In thisOlty,onThursday, Vay M. of scarletoae of the triumphs of the age, and solely because of cratic and take it as a Slave Stale. But if tbe people scetlaaal prtjodlea. When the Postmaitcr-Geneial, would not do thct the only alternative was that tnev^- Joa". Jr.. child of H. '•Tf^J..**".?"? only GeorgeElegantly bound vols.,17containing Hoe.. «rioai*«kobjeefcd to tha eirenltaessof the route, as It Increased tbalroaUay, but the Postmaater insisted, and the cootiaalon had ta yield. Since tbe route has been In opeiaUon there Berar has been a single failure in tha snhaihila lime, the average time havlog not beennumber to entitle them to a Representative, whichcreating public oplnlen, and, through Infamous remedy this evil.The pablic printing is closely and William Henry, fermerly of Ballston, N. T. ESTABLISHED StXTT TBASS. Be> remslns wiU be taken to Troy for interment.taken by that this Constitution was made, and if admitted vrlU be adcoltted contrary to the provisions of that act But what is this appli- cation of the people ef the Territories for admissloa as a State ? It has long since been adjudged that it a itaala dollar from the Goverment. tbe Is nothing but an exercise of the right of petition. Post-oAce Appropriation blU having failed, That Is all there is of it. These people had decidedwith the law-making power, and PrArr.--In this City, on Wednesday. Hay 30, Dr. KEEKS' CABINET rUBNirUBKSS bat tS and too, In the face of seemingly daya, this,Superior Parlor, Library, Oisiagaad Badii tnreof every style, firom the plaia- aad aab the elefant and expensive, at reasonable prteaa.IttsutaMUBtable obaticles, and in one year, withouttbe avenge Ifaae made by this Hue from that they wished to t>e admitted as a Stateprinter. The last Printer of the House was not a coosnmptlon, ISAaxuA, wife of Thomas a. HsJl, and would also be found that the President himself acted practical printer, neither was the present and It was dsugbtarof the lata Wm. Haoread, aged 27 rears.oooyaay $100,060 as liquidated damaget. He was their humble ipetlllon. Now, can any Congress pissHonday. Hay 28, Eusabith Buaa widow of Isaac Borr, late of this City, in the 93dnncaOadfbr. TbecompanyhadUaa laovetatlaa, over $900,000, and up to this time the Koeipts for malls and passengers had not corered tbesaaaaloutlay. Theyhadbeenobllfed, inpursu- aaoaaf the ecaitract to build ISO stations, stock themup- wards of one hundred and seventy-one thousand dol-ofthefamily are respectfullytract waa peculiar, containing no Drovlslon for givingand retailDrnggistt.aa excvia in caie of failure, and onlypayingthemCongiessgood practical printer sUotild be elected to Ihis responsible postwbeatbesarvlcewasperformed. TheywerealsotoKICH .CAKTBTING'-SFKIIia UtrwrnMrn 8HITH A UK7KSBBBT,:Invite attentlaa to their Branra SnLaa. Boxia Vto- T«!f, Tblvr, Tanarxr aad Baaaaau Oaannaa,rih*receive protection by the Government from Indians,—Mr.Haskii* Yes. ThereportwasmadeontheIst-av., Thursday nooB,Hay31,at3o'clock, HiaremainswillbatakentoKo. <M aaar Oraad-at. Broadway,which ao< being done, they had to protect them-broughtcouU not annul or chtnge lu provisionsand here ba read the letter of tbe Postmaster-General, dated April 16, ISM, asking the opinion of the Attorney- GeaertLaad the reply of the latter, In which he states that the Postmaster-General has no power to alter the tetma of the contract, uid that it would be unjost so to do, aad in violation of the faith of the Government. Vet It waa now proposed to do whit the Attorney- Geoatal said justice and the maintenance of the lawson afternosn. at 1 o'clock. Ihe demanded this reform, and he therefore Thorsdsy May 31,mutual, COBsent to shorten the route and schedule,time would accomplish all that was desirable, anda southern overland route to the Pacific, give greatwith triweeitly service.apartARNICAFLOWKR8expended,gress in the exercise of their constitutional duty t Ifnot, then -that act which provided that tills Territory lars over three years of the Polk Administration dur- to mllUons in one or two sessions. And this'Invited to attend her funeral, from her late residence, as KNAPF'S ROOT BKRR" pat s»;who has made uD his mind not to admit thisHis re- Tne minority report, signed by Messrs. Hthduan Holhss.—In Brooklyn, on Wednesday morning. Hay$400,000 per annumat tJOO 000 per annum, making an aggregate expense tory could not comply with theo'hcr part, of takingadopted years ago, millions would have been Brown—-At on Tuesday. Hay 29. KrizABXTH, Rye,ble ofheld on uds floor.you come as a Slave State. But this subject has uponthe lloor that he whs when that presentproposi-but astimehave DOheaiUncy in saying tbat, hitherto, ta aataw la.-''inflsypractice.lt has in every caae where I aafo etisav edit.actedlikeacbarm.Inthtuspeakiag(toelye(IWI far from puff a patent nwdidne. aa artMa Ubraa8 M.D. ANDPOBD BILL.l>e<a.apjpreolatlBgnot as a member of thePrice 4^. No.Wheeler dc WHsoo'e Sewrlaa MacUae.;||p-arlicular youcampaign. 1? it not so ?SORE NearaljeiA, sore or brokenTHIBD-ATENUE SAVINGS BANK. Corner of 3d av. and 2Sth-st. CHARTERED 1S54.of $1,200,000. Besides, he prooosed a route from S^ic-ramenloto Portland, Oregon, at a cost of tlOn.OOOmore. As long as the franking privUege was continuedit was utterly impossible to carry the entire printed tion which 1 have heard of is that this matter overland, and he had therefore inserted a pro-1'he funeral will take plare, from Christ Church, on Friday next, at 2 o'clock P. M.country, by tract for carrytug printed and franked matter be- provided thattreatyit .should not be includeddailyMooasy^vlsjoB authorizing the Postmaster-General to con-and Hissonrl Stats DSLAWAM—£«tro Ctatt, No. J67, .Vav 30, iseo. 29, 52, 66, 6, 42, 30, 75, 35, 18, 12, 57, 69.tiiea ruthorlze the Postoiaster- General to receivesealed proposals I'or carrying a daily Overland Mailover any route from the Missitslppt River to San mtmberjour[Laughter.] purify the blood, ASSIST NATURE Mr. Babespale—PRESSES,Franeisco. and give the contract to the lowest re- spoaslblebidder.Hr. LtTHAK concluded by showing the vast impor-detrrmtne'the extent of the postal facili.ies which it would give the Great West, It would be so limited that It woDld abrogate them entirely, and sfjp an ex- peMe to the Government. These overland routes would becoBie national highways, over which emi- grants in safety passed. This would be but the pre- cursor of the Pac'lic Railroad, and following it close we should have a line of steamers controlUof; the commrree of Japan, China, Mexico and South Aaedca.Mr. CaiasLiK rose lo a question of privilege. He fouad in the GltlieJiom yesterday, language attributed to Ike Senator of ln<tlana. In which he characterized hlin (CuaBin) as Xaatipne In pants, and accused hiaofgrossignorance.i!ehadnotbeardthelan- guaga. but if used, it showed tne Senator was incapa-the position which by accident heMr. Fmm avowed the language and still thoufrht It appropiiate.Mr.Cn\n>tuisaid that when the Post office bill aialn came up he would discuss it, and the question of igtorai.ce would then be determined.On motion of Mr. Hali, the Oyerlaod bill was post- poned tlU 12 o'clock on !>aturday.Tbe House bill (or the admission of Kansas wss taken up.Mr. Cou&iiia, of Vermont, (Rep.,) said that hewished slmpiy to state trie on which the ad- groundscam- counties, some of which are quite thickly fettled sonth of thal.line, and not include them in theParty for Printer (Mr, Difsizs) proposed to divide tiie pi oftis of the printing with the party, giving the party one-half of the profits, to be used in supporting the party candidates in the next Presidential cam- paign. ThisDiFEiiawastheRepublicannominee, and received, with one exception, the votes of the VI hole party.Mr. Hasxik—I must correct that statement The gentleman says that I voted for Dxfbxxs with the knowledge that he made a proposition to divide half of the profits of the printing, In case of ids election,SoldatNo. 294CanaI-st, No. 296 Bowery, and No. 4tance of Ihij Overland Mail servicethe objectioni as to the cnn, remarked that Itbyto the postal iyttem was to be considered solely with a view It, and to the number of persons supplied, it would be better for the Govemaieiit to abrogate the entire Post-office Depart- ment, and surrender the carriage of the mails to pri- vate entemrlse. If the question of receipts wss toNEWSPIpKR, BOOK AND JOB OFFICES, T.SUIT'SKBNTUCKY8ALTRIVSR (ouplete,withpromptitudeandfidelity.10 tbe amount of money receivedBOURBON. Sold by all drugglsU.HBOBUAK & CO.,Attention •"S^'5lMl''fF*l'"A^D''s''pIS?HEN-„„„„BOOKS famishedthan we Hlcheat TestimonialsandW0;lie could conceive of but two objects Inand in replythat collected during time,BCCE9SFULLT TREATED • BT iStlefield a WKSTCBTCLT.I1wasnish the materials and now claim that Congress shtjlwould leave the polillcal organs of every part>' totake care of themselves, because It would put an endto all printing plunder. Among other authorities insupport of a Government office, he quoted Superin-tendent of Public Printing HiAiT, regarding that gen-tleman as an able and honest man, who takes a sin-gular pride In his profession, and acts with a singleeye to tbe public Interest He with pleasure bore thistestimony to a political opponent. He defended tliePresident from Mr. Haski.n's charge of usurpation ofpower and violation of law, and, in reply to some 40, 7fl, 19, 15, 21, 39, 54, 75, 23, 20, 43, 45, 50, 69. explanations from Hasxis, said the entire matter wasIIMr. C. then referred to, and read from, this treaty,ment and reform.!WATER COOLERS:::ries, but excepted out these Indiaa reservations, nmoimt which could be taken by no overland route. Stale in the very same words in which it was ex-Who made thi;thatprinter whtn thehe to do indirectly what he had soughtMr. LiLTHjiif further advocated the conilnaanue of thesnd others in connection with the print- ing of the Postcffioe blan'irs, came with bad grace from that parly which, with the exception of Mr. APAUs.of ^lassacbusetts, nominated in caucus and tupr-orted tor Printer a man who offered, if elected, to give half the profits of the printing for Republicancented out of the Territory, and therefore the oreaa lervlee, in order to supply mail facilities with bill ("ots not include it, and therefore is notney-Generalmlaslon of Kansas is claimed. Another opportunity we would be obliged to provide for the paymeat In-I have no recollection on the subjectI/ea dfc PerrlBS' 'Worcesterahire Sauce.— one or more table spomfalsof this Sauce in the gravysingdruggists. ^^_^^__^_^___^_____^__waa am- presented for setHtns this long-sritated autho- The appllcaUon of the ad- volved by the loan. He moved an amendmentqnaatlon. Territories for1 do not see fit to be catechised In this Mr. BAaKsnALi—I have no idea of catechising you..mlabm Into the Union has beenfavored by iilBg a loan to pay the amount Lost. Yeas 12,and for game, awith the Sauce, and the bottle pUced upon the table tor theuseof those who teqalre sn additions! quantity. For sale by ail rtspectible grocers everywhere.SPALDITiG'SCoBfresa,Territoryare ena- notMr. Hasks-If1 didto,itonlyshowsthegreatHeerKanJScatdntotaesd.bB/ox No. S.eao. pTO.wJSe/tJSnJf^^iii^^^^ FILLS AND FBffiMIX»» the people of agenerallyNays 3S.Mr. Oiniis offered an amendment that all moneysa SUte f the The number ofis in some meas- Iap-hasDINGSold onlythe new styles of Trtdding cards—grest.varle.y cimens.in veier.peopleure ascertained by the vole of the people. TakingWasbihoton, Wednesday, ArsenalotStLonlstoJeirer«)nCity.Printer to the Senate, and as such heat No. 302Broadway,corner Daane-it.the fact ihat leveral counties were not rebuaed, and that theSoo'b^t'^ ."•'"'morWJInto cooslderation the scatteredpopBlation,andto thepro- evidence, Bowmah will pocket one-third of the whole Tbe Metrapolitaa Bnnh-Note Reporter, upon- actual votewas abouts„i.x.t,e.e.n„ t„h^ousand.,I-t m-i_ght b- Mr, FiMos, of New-York,(Rep.,„) r.-e,p.oriedamount for doing absolutely nothing, for the printing^__^_^_^___corrocttd by the Metropolitan Bank, describing severalthe flulda that^ the skin. ofwhicb oceasions all eruptivecalculated there were one hundred thousand Inhabl-visionIhat allshall com-disabUity, object being of the price to be paid by the country. Now, only sale by the S e irs dealeraad other disagreeable Sold bj all dregglsts.comp'lfe^x'ifo'nts'.""'Dhiner from 12 to 3.}*?'.'_ '/^.'.'^_.T,*"'H"T^. The a„.m_o_u..n„t. o—f a census „^„^^ f,„^ ,^g j^,g ^^pensions theRivia at sixty-six and two-thirds per cent is done by thenew Ccunterfeits,win he Issued this afternoon. For cloudy, s^taken for tiiation showedsand people, but it was very imperfect That censusCall and try. Open dally, from ALegislature,"arvajj Cra^B.<>(JsMrLsK-^CHER k CO., No. 38 Pearl-st., aole Agjaibnilaiagsto tae quenoa ot the sale of our wchange, we shall remove in a fsw days Beade-st.. near Broadway.AT>8 LIFE FIL In/tfIObIfTfTERS cures wor—turnings of the bowels thepondatiOM at tba time of the adoption of this Cosstltutioa was about one hundred thou- sand. What have been tha conditions imposed uooncounsel.PILLS AND PHCENIXotharTarmatlaalsn large populatloB? Narer. And Urtt a fact that aprinting and Children, the coiir,try from $42,000 to $45,000 per annum—a ful Straw Goods for Uieselliver earn- Sold by aU diuggi»ts.ere^urts atkera.Sold by annew rutola to be applied ta tlUs people {At the lastUnesome seventv-oaethe House was thatfor the giving out of the printmg of SBtBTS, sixfor $9. The bestB.iNK-VO.lfflCHAT-.andwaa referred to ttieturns, and they made the number ninety-seven thou- said this measure wouldSSLS?5SK?5"'^'5?*o«iBdpeai*aandnow tiires,saldlhataftiUaadthoroaghinreaUntieahad !f,**,?P^ooutBtMatbahaadaoTtbtfAdola-BO—OKS. *s~iim.n, IIWpn auMiuatiralei,iu>r BtaaOr'flMMinpMk m<miUm .tmJTi'in^nt atiilHiilfeia^ tlta PMtmaslar-G%Baral Wcta eaat a smaller rote for K<pr«aantatiras thu been puMlahed, had attracted the sttwill"" and hadFloHdawaa •!•• iCiSad arttb laa> than thirty (houa- aid InhaUtantt: bat hwa U a Tanttoiy a*kia« a»oU-SiTwLSKL.^SjSSSTiJS^i^^K'S^.Sf.^^ ?!r>;.^.«»«!«?«*«««»Ja$«libUltFprtb.AUor- ralf*«k.^BtodaMCeadM.theonemostaaiisfaetorytoCall- Ithasbeenaaeeitalaedsac*wecommencedtosettleright say»—-'-as well as before Ihe committae of the SenaM, proved concluiively tluit the contract system aidethaPlke*sPeakTerritory,of triedduringthoseyearshadprovedacompletefail-Steraoaeaple Bnaaitaa—that ooontry, that then ia a of as it was region It,Tka MewK. ANTHONT, SOI Bcoadwar. CooImwa ast ^tree from sectloaal jealoan at to tha selection of thenata. Be wanted agraat hlgbway orar which the mailshould pass, and sioag which emigration could he S9sshemdent ofate at least fifty per cent, in excess of what had charged against the Presidentthe work cculd be executed at Some of the Mr. Hisxta-The contract given with regard to the for children arewitcesses, practical primers, favor the estab- bookbinding will be found to the interest of the ties of make and and if we reminddartblUty,thalr terms andcommittee,dis- roiitlOD of the piloting, uiust have detected the error,'from a ooaaiiiBlratlen fromori|inally tiraied into a Territory tbia side the Rocky Mountatais aad tbUnumberfor a TbeTerri- requisite Representation.—Mr. Haskt;? 1 suppose amnot nowon trial here.Fain in »iJe or back.&c. For rale by all Druggists. Price 2SeeoH.the as no census,but fur- theyadmit themas aState.Tiieofobjec-DELAWARE STATKIIipointedprinted upccstthecountry$104,887. Now,accordingol spe- by gfve,proviilingInvalid'risdiction of theTerritoryor But. If that State. pro-proposition for retrench-riea. he This,the back boundaryPnrge out Ihe old Leaven and ye aball be aMr. FioRixcr—I trust in God you will succeed. New I.nmp.—BsAiinxiTB's Piiia insure both. They TYPE,partto do aU that is I want the matter cleared up. I reiitilsitefor a full restoration to health. Their occa-ber oftJnion-squarc, directions.New-York,at 25 ce'ntsperbox, with fullPLAINANDFANCY FACESenables us to fill orders forCORNS. CLDBAND INTERTEDNA1L3.ia theofKansas, Oneoftbeboundary ofp<ibUc-print- t Did the Disrpartment e&iVd they not iustUed In pay-bylaw?OoreramentKansas, and, when adoiltled as a State, (be aald Ter-iRs»''i,^^Tj'"U'»'f! iSaiSSlii.*?"^e»tb-iC Aafceraft»aI«irWato*SeteaMr.had a right to understand It. as an Inntatlon to go and settle la that coaatir, and that that Ter 1-andtheythia report was laid bef.jre the Senate, three propo-atSoiia were submitted In reference to the probermode of having the public printing executed. One contrary, they made use of It for the purpose ofTba only reUable laTeatloa la KUe fcr thia pnrpesc.toryshall be admitted as a State with or without" " '"l«lMattBH,Uwwhhliecbh, In tb«e f«irrst 1InstariserTi^Hghied fallh that thea it ahaU be adnlttad aaaOafan-to thattbeevidenceadducedbeforethe Mr.Hasiib—Itgrewoutofboth. ButtheExecu-tive Department of the the Governmest havingotigliiUvdfay M —fornia awl tha whole couatry. Mr. LixsAa then readnlten-at..Breoklyn.provisionmade, next pointnot aware of the fact at the time.Mr. BAaxsnALi— You voted, upon this floor, for aman who had previously bargained for the support of the Republican Party, by offering them one half of the profits of printing, to be expended for election- eering purposes. Can you deny this ?shouldMr. BARKSnAiI-1 am not going to commit myself" "emnwnt printing oflloebut though this planvote for these land-grants and take the Slavery Con- stitution, which the people declared they did notsumption, JeBH B, Fuasxa.The fontral will teke place, from tha residence of biswantwould dofriends, tleman from New-York was not unmindfulgen-father, James K. Iielton, No. 1 3o'clock.Perry-st., on Friday, atW.1;that,very;this con- clusively proved that the President of the IJnIted-Iftheyallwellthereof the and the evidence from Govetrment,orlgliulmade with the se- Cherokees,peraquestrated a certain tract of land, and by this treatyvision amounted to it would forbid it anything, withinvoteDXLAWAXX—«<>» yo. 268, Afay 30, IMO.WATER COOLKRS::he that this Indian reservation said, providedCirculars sent free of charge by addressin;r either to WOOD,EDDYACO.,Wilmington,Delaware,Or WOOD. EDDT A CO., 8C Loais, Hisaoari.OFFICLAJL DRAWnXGS OF HODGBS, DATIS dc CO.'S COK,SOUDATED LOTTERIES 07 OEOR'SU. Class 343, Hat 99, ISCO.60, 75, 19, 56, 30, 3, 47, 15, 64, 41, 70, 50, 18.For offices, banks, steamboats, hotels acd private bouses. WaterCoolers,lioth plainandoraaaocntal,af superiorqua'itj—willnotrustorcorrjde, Pricesla^ than heretofore. At wholesale and retail byLUCIUS HABT, Kos. 4 and 4 BorUag-sUf. "PCRIFY THE BxJoodI MOFFAT'S LIFE PILLS ANO PHffi.NIX BITTEBS.Sold by all druggitts.W. B. MOFFAT, Proprietor. Wo. 336 Broadway, ff. T..SO.\P—A PEBFEOT PBEPARATIOXS'llorLTBR Slver Plate, Jewelry, Hirrora, Haible, cleaningKcfarmore convenient and cfiective than aay other.T-'hich,should not b'. included in the State or1 havenotdestrmlnedyet what,.I shall do, but 1 v.ant ttie country to under- among the Picsidem's friends, and not his ene-gress made tlus Tenit-J.ry lo include these bounda-:andman so voted be was aware that the proposiUon had charges of corruption against the President Attor-said,of the Territory of Nebraska. The effect of It iswe to dls- ritory. Then thi^ bourdary is run along the north sideto to the people of NebraskaTerritory and make it entirely new Ter-„„, „„ RULK8,:say prot>oseHsnnfketnred only the BOSMS I«»TOeAi •»» byof this Indian land;this Wouiu leave out alargeState at all.this. Inthefirstplace,itisoneofthemodciofcon- triving "how not to do it;" and in the second place, it is to say that, not having succeeded as we hoped in making a slave State out of Kansas, after all our trials, we now propose to dismember It, and then we will extend it north to the Platte River, and thusdis- member Nebraska, and then extend Nebraska toWhl8kT.-8.is called to a new serios of LARGE AND HEAVY FACE TYPE,No.HtBroadway,oppodtt Practical ChairopodiNsiUc,holas BoteLup Dacotah, and in this way we can prepare the way for making a slave State out of this Indian Territory, and a free State out ofto go towards sustaining the party In the nextbreak up the prospect ofNebraska, and so contrive it that tliere shall not more than two free States out of all this territory in-pure,healthybils,leaaness. ill Umper, anxiety, langaorcome hack upon us, and the question is with the Sen- ate. Settleitandlremovethisboneofcontention.On motion of Ur. Lahi, the bill was postponed till Monday, at 12 o'clock.The Oregon war debt bill was taken up.Mr. Laki defended tbe hill as proper and just.tion wasmade,partyMr. CEiTTisnes pointed outwhich he regarded as extravagant charges.Shirts to Order. UaQU's,.tured by S. A. Hatctunson, and aperfrct fitMr. Davis ard others discussed the bill.euaranteed, at_, UNION ADAMS', No. 637 Broad way.;Mr. UuMia wa.^^ willing to vote for any amount ac- curately ascertaiiie<j, but the statementdid not justify them in acting. If the bill was passed"trial will place them l>eyond the reach of com- Mr. Haskis- of Sold by allbled to form their own Government, or make theirwithoutsomecheck—andthisisnot payableundertheactbepaidtopersonswhoactually necessltvthereisforretrenchment—thatisaltNo. 48 Oadar-at.Sole Agents BEAUTIFUL BEARD OR 9IODSTACHR M«»BH-i.»T.TF.A.«BMs1ro'"rl«•Iel=5eSEl debility, appeWagto the to It during the present tte same oieaaure of iiheralitv bestowed upon other!>. U,ty Affsfri. appropriates $3,400,000 pay troop.and Uys tnegradually brfeuarks «own theanc!onstitutiont,her disorders, tbroa-t and longs. Ntohwe, that beard woitn'tto »?,'evii and action ol thassIt would seem as If this Government stood wltn* called out In the Indiaa wars of Oregon and Wash- dence inconlestit)iy proved that this excess hadfaith to those people. Thoughnw it is in the ington in 1655 and 18S6. The bUl passed by yeas 31, manufactured by the President, and .Attorney-General l"oBurnodwantl'osn LaxatdiyvsepeTprsoicahes'' many Loienjes, grow naturally, aad whiocnhlwyitllhidnog It in wlitxUw(eberkese, and Vo'lbemn/i^'- powsewrefautls, nervous debnity,carrymaking, ^ ^ , ^ ble-refined tnglish cast-steel, and warTanudsuptrm tosteadofthree. HowcantheStateor of Territory inproposed, friend,31No. Warren-s:.,New-York.AMDFor the most fashionable, meat tasty,May 30. Tlir House passed a bill for the removal of thejore^ ^'i&irap-require a balf of dollars for arrearages.about amillion and had that alter the Housepassed that section,the surefitguaranteed..VAN rPtEbLT, rPresimdeenuLa CommltUe ofCoafereoce.Mr. Ha»ai»,of New-Vo(k, (Anti-tocompton Dem.,)nm which will begreaOyreducedbythechol 7Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069KHULOCie, (<«. MI Qaaal -St.:"iwrtaraaad toiLtJS.'^.fl!?*'*^ TMsaom.aaheaaIdbe*r»,w«nt Mr. husAM, of GaMontk, (Dan.,) oKsred an antani* aajr that mote thtn oae-hatf tne>a dla- addoeed beft>re (he Committee, which bad already K«22l^,S?*' or anopomng the ftauylMwi^ OwK'nthcky, (Dem.)-CaB TM?"'.5f'n'"'S'>°'" *•">"»» '" Poatmastar-Gen- he bdhredlft eoUcagve and the antin delegatloB Stater And had not tbeae InhaUtaata a light to be- perfect it It wss then tbe system which existed, and eral or the President had anything to do in the crea- &«B«Babntt eowarrad. Attaaarots, howa«r, to lieve they would be treated aa all other Territories which pievaiied since then, with the Intermlssloa of tiw of Uiese abuses, or wai the fault with tha Leglsla- leeawOa coaSletliig Interests had failed, and he had been treated T They did uaderatand it so, and eight yean—from 1S44 to 1892 Inclusive—during ','"? °/ «»ecuUva DepatlmeDt growing out of tbe de-thooAIkU coUearie would now aaraa npon Uielr they aettled that conntir with that nadentanding. which the contract system prevailed. It waa but feat of tbe law of 1852!a itslaaitnt nf ill ItrpiaaaaleaBdMioaa,datiTedtba fta|.aaea Dapsrtment, which ahowad the fUlow- aoma three hTuOred that is ineffectual for ail ure. The first contractors under that Executive distributed tbe its li« raauit :ciseatarleaawedtwMhJoBvBomariBLO«Ca.t«oe,- can be any istercourae praetleally between thisSTaS^ZSTtfc PBgroeKA/HIo'!ZaE£i?8' S mwaorBBsiBiainsuDom-nooaaaourataaaa.FromSI.LonlaandMegsphistoSanFran- purposeofDopalatlmoisl—eas,barrenwaste. Thereneverwhosysutadeemrtwoe^rlec andauppntcofor the pumroponseeyaofmong favorithees coutrolllngHocuaar, at •MO^OOO. decreased aflarwmrda to two But bealde tlila aainhabltedhave a terri- In such an unfinished and Inartistic manner dent has exercised the of dlstribntbiK this Oort Tross with soooan, la e««o«n« cmm 6{HuSt' Ipa par month, at $45,000, which, with the amount tory of el^ty thousand square miles, which wouldprivilege »rRnptnn. Ladiesthat many of tlie documents published at money among the favorites and supporters ofms Ad- mas. srait^apon kja female iapaid oa tha othar routes, made tha entire azpenae, for make a Stale larger than Virginia, Illinois or Mis-will be tell tbe House if he was follow- tnctar was Rncaia, who assigned the work to an- ng the example of tbe President of tha United Statestbt Orerland aerriee, •811,378. To thIa waa to be souri, lo that there can be no serious objection inthat time will have to be reprinted. The next con- mlnlstntion;added tha aaaouat paid to Ike Steamship Company, coaseqnanoa of any limited condition of territory.whM> DBde tbe total cset of Iba anil aerrloe to tha All theae ealcniationa of votes, ice ,which were awarded him to the amount of to a man from bis own District T agea, fiftyare within these FacUe $l,iajat. One year ago tbe aggregate of limits. This subject has been twfora this body rince these expenses waa •%237,6BT, showlag a sariog of last December, but has at laut foimd its aadBeed-st. Twain private raoiss f>r tha aBpUaaUoB$l,lire,ai. It waa now propoasd to nrlnK tbe mail he desired day,It might be acted upon now, ana that aervlsa to tha Paetfio and hgtaimedlaia lerritories not aay of tha science of " off" may be exercisedback ta sneh a system, which, while not materially putuponu. Hewouldseriouslyaskthedominantpartywhole of this was changed after 1852, when the pres-like to take care ofmy friends, andIdo not thinkhis Bair tbe best axtaat. BaTOBEEoB'8 Wiaa Dye.aadToapaaahareiaprevsaseataorarall. Thislataa only plaoe wbsra tbete an properly aadentood andinereaaiac Oe pnaoat cost, would Etra such faelUUea if thay had derived any real benefit from " pattiag as arara eaoanded. The people oc CaUfornla were off " this admission. He could hardly see bow manent system was Now the evidence any member of the House will find fault with me for Inaugurated.taken before the Committee conclusively proved that thatthe rales fixed by the law of 1892 for compoelthHi, and Mr. BirxaiTT— I do not upbraid the gentleman for especially for presswork, were high. asslsUsg his friends, but It occurred to me that he hadana.^^^^^^^Qaaakaoua in a daily orerland mall, to be damaadUgperioroied In the moat expedltlooa manner, and were off any further. He did not think it poisiblethatno objection was offered tlien. Oregon was admitted with not mote than half the populatten of Kansas. He could see no difference In there cases, except that ItSameieT Shoear-Ladiea allest, as well as the moat perfectly fitting and elegant Shoes aad Gaiters are made by CANTRELf,. Bis AoeaThis admission was of- pretteted. The BeptesentattTes, bowerer, who Inau- fered once to Kansas on certain conditions, andlishment of^ a Govemmeot printing office, and country.assert as their belief that tmder a system of Mr. BuaaxTT—Let mc ask another question.that kind there would be from $I20.0CO to $140,000 per Mr. HASKsn—Not now.annum saved to the country. Six or seven witnesses Mr. GnaixT-They had given out the binding can- Lock Stitch and ShnUle SewtDK Uacbine.Louisiana,aU. 9 boopinr Cough, and even SmsIl-nK.hagurated tha Oratland mall system had been Infla- eoeed by seetlmul jealouslea, and they had now to legislate with reference to vested rlfhts and existing eoatiacta.Goo. B. Bloat &G. H. COLLINS. No. 480BUIp^tl^c Broadway.Kay 30R. R.1 aad ReBetpSo ,*s.,HawasunwiUlog,for one, whenparties in good faith had made a contract with the Oorem- BCbt and incurred ezp«n;es, to steo In and snniil it Such a course would be dis.-eputable iu a great Gov-price paid byatnaent, and unworthy of CoDgrea£. The Govern- had certain anticipatedwhichHe appear..by Key. E. P. BatfieM. D. D.,1a:oaATio N.emnuBicAx, vrikno. No.TS. Vol.51.NOW READY. FBICB U CEHT8.coimsTSmeii^ ta be respected, mtjst otMerre good faith and to be the "circumlocution office" uponhe had obtained from tphueblicbefore the Senate Committee to beplan keep the eoottaets made wiih Its citizens. It was or on the principle of contriving how not to do noaseaie to talk of compeniating parties by giving it. Among the first of these objections, it Is said that them damages oa their applleatlan to Congreu. The Congress passed an act commonly called the English delaiaotdalmaata were too well known. It was, bill, IN hlch provided that. If the people would notprovedMr. FLoaxact—untrue. candor.Metcalf, Es«., of WlllUmsbnrgh, lTi.OIEO.gentlemen would like to acknowledge they op- this admission on the mere estao-under athe reader that, in all cases of Scarlet Farar, llooa-^^was well known that Oregonwould be a Democraticfied to this fact—thatown work there would be fifty percent from the pres-Slavery.that his store is at No. 913we have saidState, and It Is not supposed that Kansas will be. Butwere to stand this as the rea-by the Government doing itsResolveat, llper botOa.gentlemen ready byson for not admitting tills Territory as a State !the printingMr. Baseis—What theobjectionsprinting of late veais, Comptroller of the Treasury a statement showing that the annual costVan.,within the ju-Mr. Haskih—The very fact thatun- Territory,Con-simply tillsThep'iutlnspatronagewasdistributedSouth America, ihe sea ports of Mexico lying upontilePacific,andAostralia,JapanandAfrica. Tore-oapitolzle, he would have a dally mail to California,malta dally and weekly to Oregon, and a tri-montblyocean service within twenty -one days, at atotal cost ro Territory or State can exercise jurisdiction overlt. admitted that if you did so, the greater reason there electioneering pui poses. No question taken. Ad-of$1,700,000cerannum,Se'ns$537,V34lessthanwis HethenreferredtotheamendmentoftheSenatorfrom paidoverayearago.acd$937,724morethanIsnow Mictourl,Mr.GBzzii,(Dem.,)tochangethebuiinda-was for retrenchmentJlr. Haskin—I am showing reasons why we shouldcut off the unhealthy excieeceuce from lbs bo-ly po- litic.BOnSEB. DATIS kOO.. Haaagars. Haeon, 9a.NEW-VOKK TYPE FOCNDKY. AND:was Intended to abrogate tbe preMnt contracts for the Overland Mall service, we should make no exception, but include ail, andezpesdcd. If,however,itwouldto tbe Platte River and include all the most populousPRINTER'SWaBSHOUSE, Nos. C3 and 66 Beekmanst.obnox ious to the ot>jeciion that this State cannot be admttled because of that provision of the Indian Tieaty. It has long since been settled by the Supreme Court that Indian territory is exclusively their:^, andIt Is Immaterial how I Mr. FiOBiKcr, of Peimsvlvania, (Dem.)—You haveto afor the purpose of calling a Convention, or for any Indiana, to contribute one-half of the profits—SPRING wde. newest stack, largestSUKKBR.beat attlnr. bestKansas exercise a jurlsdiclion up to the Platte RiverCongress11 elect-printer—towards disseminating RepubUcau braska T It Is annexIiR the people of Nebraska to ments—[a laugh from the Democratic benches]DRMother pumcse. In a large part of the Territory of Ne-—and.Statesfor the of in the next election. purpose assistingMr. Babisda!.!—Was not that proposition made Inand did not you hear it and we hesitate. We would have admitted you had Mr. Bakesdalz-I recollect the gentleman admittedFor DRESSINGING, PRESBRYINO. AND RKStOBINO TH^ HAIB. Udi«i,tryit. Forsalebyalldruggiitiandperfomers.than at anyThe largest store in the City.SFiiJiarULS, III., April H, MM,Kansas without asking their consent at all. He said he could nto look upon this as anything but one of".prices InHow not to do It," and of getting ridcaucus before theFever, I was requested lo try HofMtannomination, admityounow.ithasgottobeanInterestingtime, Mr.ITaskdi-No.of Pemittentthe devices ofof the question. It Is saying that we do not wish tomade?The children's depart- and custom room not surpassed in this country.as an article suited to thecaadltiaa peculiarlya number of itemssolutions proposed by the majority of the Committee. Mr. Babks»ai.£—Did not the gentleman, at allfor DxfBsiis after ne was aware of the fact that he had made this proposition as the nominee|OFFAT>8MfIlBbITTERS enrea eostivenesa. bt elsaasissto refuse or admit them Into na\s 17. ^ n c Biicx, and the heads of Departments, for the Omgress theSl^isgahteUdoB ofthe Union, stUl it a law wasU not a measure of caprice. The Mr. HrNTia moved to take np the Post-office Defi- purpose of sustaining ihe Admlnls'ratlon. Atenlne snd invigorating the process of digestion. Bold can be bad of near.y every druggist in Olty or country.'are speedily cured", ^(jld by all druggists.required elamants for adminion are—first, have they '-lency bill. Agreed. Adjourned.last session of CongressR. G. GRAHAM, No. H»Nas8au-st., N, T. LIFE PILLS AND PHfyei?'^a sufficient and have they a geographical population,exUnt of territory sufflelent to meet tke necessities ofIvicing appointmentHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES..printer for the Senate.Hof the pabHeI«la«n«. by tbe Select Comoifleeortbe Senate, pre- and di ibe tact of tha FreOdent nlaseir.Henae, of which ha waa ehainun. Tba evidence {LliTRSI .»°^« •*|iaiti«usseit^Besklea, this called for cooaeat from SL .si.^.*?^A'^ thoaght to aatts^ the Hirase tamm W«ak tue XlaWilai traa aiacaof ^r^^^snid\""J!l?oo3uke Btaiia,Ta«U>.k*«. C*«rAanlHIOBtf toaairit lUs Ttaritoryooaqaestloa pojmUttoa. otberwiie have devolved uoon htm, on expos- aciioc, to effect a wholeunM reform with regardTbe uzt point Is la laliHoc to extent ot (emtory. ing the aouses which existed under the to ttie d'jUIc "«~>« WerkferbaUdbaB paryaasa, laiiilbiliiiad atJ,fordid not go orer all the exteat of ter-It Is tine ihst In rotinfgroaa printing.Detente they preacnt system of hsnrg the public printing .,iIi'f/.K*"'*'°'*'*^"''> (I'«oa)-0«d not the actU Jxasaom * BBM^OW Ina Warta, M-OT. aad l>tb-<t.,a«v-roife.VIvo-PraefSTKAKfS KASmr,WFRCVXNTIKG TBS KXPLOSfOH OP tmtSC B0ILEI8. ^*had been savedIly given to this suDject by the Press.amount which should^^?i^ ba paid for thePeribrmed, ataading this,the Notwlch-to hin throughIt would be to a thUamormtT wereusdei who standingontheputofthememberstbe rates laid down tug,k Vo.SU BBOADITAT, eor.properhad not reaii tba avldenca, briefly to rocapllulata ancb portiou of It aa bad mnst Importance, In view of tbe piopoallions now sabmitted to the House for Its*•" ««"• by the act of Pretldeot well knew, aad so did,Kew-Ter>.Altorney-Geceralknbw,thattheprofits uponthia ritory, or any portion thereof, abaU be rteatred into conalderaltott. The present system of public printing branch of the public servtei, wblrt «3 tt^oUythe Union with or without SUrarr, as their Coosata- tion may prescribe at the Uine :—that the world rea'l,waa Initiated in 1819, as appeared from a reportmade tne time to the Senate by Senator Wnaoa. At•*"••*» per annum norBowKAH, tbe Soperlnteadeot of»0R^xBPSLL dc Vasthe printing at such low rates that the profits electiona.BxBTHuraza,out of the ten examined before tbe Committees testi-tract at a great reduction from the Senate for the same work.»I per botttaT^ RenlaUng PUIS, 3Se per box.ent saved rates annuallywascould have got It done for.MARftlEOi 'i"'~¥*J,<'^vTlp^'y« £"^TM» Wednesday,SolIdA ..sey City. N.J.to the country. That the House might pi operly nnderstaad the extraordinarylet out at a higher price than they gentleman states has beenincrease in the cast of theof Bal- tinore, (o Miss AasA Yaanxaraai. daughter of SilasI like theof the public prinUng had greatly increased upon philosophy is good, and It wss upon the same sound former years. The evidence further proves most con- philosophy that the President worked, [Laughter.]Inisn,aadetbaoontraetiMeasrs.BsTTxarisia&Co. shouldneverbeadmitteduntiltheyhadasufficient politicalfavoritesandpartisansfortbepurposeof CommitteeonPublicExpendituresproposedto SS,.'**?,'''baram.J.""AHawar,widowofthelatewas to be ascertamed a censusparti-san newspapers, to sustain the present Admintitra- intimatelyblendedlaw. Nowby objectedWAR>-BOOMI,a COB. BMASWAF.and It was ratifiedand now send theyit here withnothing else but the of the public plundersitian wasshould enter into bonds for the faithful performance of hIa duties. This was absolutely nelxssary, when it was remembered that the public printing amountedtoputthe anyexcess of Executive printing alone amounted toyear of her age.The relatives and friendsisvoid. Thepeople have a Con-In future none a butHis friends, and those of bli brother, Robert T. Brown, and brother-in-law, Allan Hay. are invited to attend his funeral, without further notice, from the residence of his brother in-law. No. 3i on after-it isthey had, in view of the of the necessityCBAUxa Ptaff, and » yearsand 7 monOis.Bu remalna wtUbe taken to Bnton for interment. KTBostonpaperspleasecopy.Hau..—In this City, on Tuesday morning. Hay 29, of; theypeople, who took a vote upon it, President that tbe whole matter was based upon this high and responsible body. The second propo- terred in Greenwood,Bt. liOaia to San Francisco during the six months end-ing March 31, 18M, was 21 days 15 bouis. Nowwaa pw iaed to this useful line, and give the iK afarofateoppoMd to ineh action as uojust and disreputable and an act by which they can tie up succeeding Con-If would and course, adopted, keep away paupers politic uThe third proposition was that the public printingshould be reduced so as to beselves at Ihelr own expense, not even receiving right of petlUon. But If the English bill is so under- 28th of March last From the evidence, it would be operation of the law of 1852, Inclusive of composition Greenwcod.the malJ pay during the greater portion of the time. Hr. Latbak therefore thoaght Congress possessed no right to terminate the contract, ex- cept by the exercise of despotic power. By the tarns of the contract, the Postmaster- General•Goods packed and shipped to all pasta at thaKKAFP'S CONCENVSAVEDKXntACT ROOIBFOR HAEIH6 BDO* BEER.This extraet, from which the healthy bsverage-haitwas referred to theprinter tend witbontfurther notice.Her remains will b« in-absolutelystitutional ri^ht to petition Congress, and Congress itself has decided that an application of a Territory for admission is but the exercise o( this Constitutionalmoney. For three years of the present Administration thethat tha person in future elected PrinterBnaa.—In this on City,^^"•t'^•hbief.f«Ar«'».•"E»^.'** 1?iaiSVVtwaste, and needed reform aad retrenchment oltbetbe warld that ia iaM-snd to have oughtcorrectedItinsteadofwhichthe^nS SaspensBoanth^cTraasMSSUakpMrten,8hoiilde?ESSS, Baadama. %wtia BtocklanfKnS: OaM,aBdallsar|iealapMlaneaa. by KABefflTk oSl! other, and who came to Congress and claimed dam- when be (Mr. Hasxib) gave the contract for binding Ko. 1 Ttaar-it., gawTork,op»ealta Bt. Faars Obudkthousand doUara. The next contractor, Bon Haiol- Mr. Habcb—Well, that is not under eonslderatton aMhal«i*a Hair Dn>:WUia aad L.ns, broke down in the middle of his contract The now. [Laughter.] But I am free to confess that I nis celebrated estabUsnatent Is ressorad to No.ennmouslywho desired peace and quiet would wish to put this The evidence proved that the present rates done the very same thing hlmaell as that which beDnOAtDI.Dr. JAS. W. 8TSWABT. a practioiar phyaieiaa te.the Hr. BuaaaTT—It was, however, well known thatshould never be admitted as a State until it had a suf-ficient population to entitle them to a Representative,is not binding. That part of the bill which undertook the public Treasury, in four years, was disposed of. every session, aided and assisted by small newspaper after a lingering illness. Jobs T. Baow.-<, in the at year OepCt, No. SCI Bndson-st. Sold also by mostthe Mexican war.arises as to how that great excess of money out ofthethat had been tdduced before the Committee.Mr. Basessali, of Mississippi, (Dem.)—Has the tes-timony been order of the House ? printed byNow,with aalmals, and guard them with men. Their con- to limit the admission of this Territory by another He would call attention on this point to the evidence editors from the distant villages of the Confederacy. of his ace.ingquestion naturallyloafers, who at present swarmed round the Capitol ato'clock, without further notice.BaoWH.—In this City, on Honday evening. Hay », makel0,:>,7s and 3C0 gallons of the beer.within thestood, then we ncdertake to trample upon and shackle found that the money was distributed among the par- and press-work, which could be done at the rate of Baioos.—In this City, on Honday, Hay 28, EnWAxn F.this people in their right of petinon. Does anytmdy tisans of tbe Administration and theof forty cents upon the dollar as at.'preaent paid for it Baieos, in the S3th year of his ase.8 and Flyatyla aad caAfclagralalaw override that bill ! Clearly it vrill. There is no thousand dollars of the was on the adopted, Ihey will effet t a saving of $100,000 per of Exempt Firemen, are reapeetfully invited to attend Best styles Eudiab Telyeti, IS U 110 eaata tar jmCwe pass this act to admit this State, that itwill not be partisan newspapersthis The Committee have agreed to a joint resolution His relatives and friends, and the members of Leba- meansbelieve, ifandCan it be possible that Senators are prepared to say we put certain restrictions upon that peopleAttorney, took sn active part in seeing that tbe plunder ac-all.the Executivetheir mail system. This was not true. If they gave tributed among the organs of the Administration.oa boardCuiiitacaB,Sr., agede2yeais, long a resident of thia for yean, for sale by GEO. C. ALLEN. No. 41* Iforbid, under the plea that it is necessary to perfect until certain thing* are done which never quired bypower lo the Postmaster-General and a company, by and we neglected to provide for their being dollars a was setprintingshould be dis- fairlypeople," cffice blank printing, the President himsslf insistedcountry mains will be taken to Rahway for Interment.may find in that, as well as in a great many from the and the Post- bored the ficuse would a'lopt the resolution.AMD PICOOLO,other things, an excuse for himself. It is one profits arising public printing30, CATBAaiHK, widqw ot the late Adrian B. Holmes, incution of the printing is in violation of the act of Con- attend the funeral, from the residence of her son, A. B.ofthemodesofcontriving hownottodoit." YouandClcpton,wasread,concludingthatMr.Loan'syearsuppcrtof the home organ of the Administration, the CowitilvticTuproprietorsin thisConstitutionally admitted f Will not this secured to the Inlerests of the Administration, Ten embracing these three propositions, and, if they are non Lodge, No. 191. F. and A. H.. and the Associationobjection to that Constitution. We know that a manmoney expended PCTitwy/uonian newspaper, an organ of the Adminis- tration ; and when it was discovered what were thefrom his late reiidenoe. No. Ul Olinton-st.,fagUab Tapeatry, W U MB eaata tw ft^ STODAKT FIAMOS.way,bythe estb year of her age.put a provision into that bill, but you made no pro- should be paid to sustaining the Philadelphia Evni- contract with Messrs. Laxcomb & Enolish for the exe- The relatives and friends of the family are Invited tothat an additional five thousand dollars of this plucder ing Argus, another of the Administration organs. InMr. GcsLir advocated the bill from the Printing can be done, unless we provide for them, And as a further support to It, another ten thousand ernttent Printing-office.Warerooms, He.vision bylaw to carry It into effectwere passed to provide for the taking of the census at;no statutesthis business. Black, the President's JudgePREWCB aand towards the paid1the medleallHe pfoposcd three great overland routes, doing at least contain a sentence to the effect that they and it was too lars«. Twenty-five per centum was suffi- James W. Dominick, in hereist year. ' is prepared bycomblning Arnica with a most hojustice to all sections o! the country, and with which would admit thatas a State with that Consti- against tbe President others, voted for the elec- ciect. But better than cither oi ihose plans, was theThe friends and relatives are invited to attend her and penetrating vegetable oil. It seldom fails coriaa. funeial. at liarricons, on Friday, Juuc 1, at 2 "Vlock P.Territorytution, without any objection as to the number of peo-ple, and It did effectually say that we will not beItweea tbe Atlantic and Pacific by steamships at atost not to exceed 8400,000, the service to be tri- ,rooElhly. On no overland mail route could the Territorial Government as it would In the State. gentlemen from Mississippiatiy coach or wagon carry, exclusively of passengers.ovtr 1 OtO pounds, and make the time in the requiredtwenty d»>s, yet the mail matter from New-York toCalifoiiiia bad averageu 29.000 pounds In weight upone;ch trip. This was exclusive ol matter by the less the tri*je gave their consent thereto, andOver'ardMall. TheentiremailmattertoCaliforniavmcuiited to from 2,0CO to 3,000 pounds per day, an Tnis Ir.'liaii reservation is exre!)leJ out o' thethe people of the Pacific coast would be satisfied, viz, one In-weekly from St. Joseph to Placerville, atone from St. Paul to Dalles at $:MI0,0OOper annum; ami the Butterfield rl-weeklylettintt of all the to one the public printing person,lowest bidder. If this plan had been responsible:as to the number heieafter, if have the pur[ electioneeringtion of a Printer of the House, a man who had proin- i.'edthe Re,,ub;ican Party one half of the profit for theuse of In thecomingPresidentialIIS, S. Caiins, Secretary, WATER'COOLERSsaved to the treasury, and much scandal daughter of Josiah Brown, deceased, in the <sth year of If 1 did vote for a candidate who had done this, I was and disgrace bc(.n prevented. This sciisme her i,>:e.THROAT.anMr. HASxcr—The gentleman mistook the facts.ally.IIII nasi _such acould be made, shows the greater necessity Uiat theas to my vote in this matter.stand that ihe gentleman himself, who is no'A' bring- mies. As to th? t<5'.5>uony of Mr.forward theseing charges,been made to his party, and that the public money was to be used for electioneering purposes.proposi'.ioii,not the boldness to do directly. He thought thewas the next he was in the caucus. But all this dayare tbe favorites for families.— Times.to begold bydraggistsanddealertgaaenUyaTeifvoted for aa raau gentle-Wascpiui,Mr. Hasxis-I will not allow myself to be Inter-rupted on immaterial paints. voted.Priaea cashed at No. iM Broadway. tree by addressingCircalara sentunderstand that the candidate of the Republican sional use has saved many a valuable life.OUTS. to.. Ac. An experience of half a century In the bunness, to-with extensive of both gether varietySold by HtGEMAN k CO., Broadway, aad ethara. BUNIGNSsPresi- de.-itial campaign. Now, I say that I had no know-for WHEKLKB & wa.SON'Sthe drat and second stomachs,and a flaw aC creatingledge of this proposition having been made at the be time. The evidence of Dxfrxis himself upon thisSiEWING MACHINES.These needles are made by hand, and of the best dou-instead of the stale and acrid Mad; flatulency, loss of appetite, heartbnm, haadaehe.i«ia-point appears In the report, and from thisJ. FRED. MIL WARD,are the of dyspepsia, wUl vaa- (eneral symptoBoifsits cure.seen tbat he hadallolhers.which isb,aaaoaturalconaeqaenceBold by all draggisU.BBLL. FORMERLY. SPRGBtWithe nt foilowlay oflIt will be before he was nominated a member of fromand meUaehoIracaucus,ed docu-Barry's Trlcspheraua is tbePIbut nevertheless It showed We so much the greater reason for the adoption ot the re-BITTEKS^ecorne impaired by will «nd thesefwl medK^iues ^"l^\'='^i'°}",}^' .vstem all Ihe effects of mercury mS'itely sooner thanwas aa immaterial issuepreferLIFE PILLS AND PHIENIX MBKCVRIAL DISEASES.events, votebefore ihem of the Republican Party ta perlect cure, m they neverthe most powerful preparatiaos of Sarsapanlla. AMr. IlABKis-moderate should be mixett QuantityPREPARED GI,VB> iTsEFtiL IK iviar BOtM. Foa sau iviarwnia.H.0.BFALDUJ8ACO.,;ilOFKAT'SPersons whose constitutions haveto the time documents which will presentto tte blood and all the humors. tiona and bad comnlexion. by theirthou-and a committee ex- equality, and remove from Congress the numerous incoroonttng In ttie Post-office Deficiency bill a nirLHnghlln'ii Improveedver f.irnisbed fir the ^mUlo place allamined the subject, procured some additloul re- applications continually made for back pay. He nctira providing.\rmyNavy pensioners on an substantial reform yet adopted byFrench Yoke was true mones. Fine Shires mide to order from measure. ASATI.N«»MoSfiS D-OR CRRAM OPthe Post-office blanks by conUract ItiTej>erCent, onUniversity.SACKtt. .sand five hundred and scvcntv. Oa the vote for dele-gala lor Congress the number was sixteen thousandnine hajtdrad and forty-nine. Take all these (acts to-ge&ar aad it appears, fairly and reasonably, that the finally passed—98 against 60. resolution suspending that wholesome section ; but sad English Neck lies of tbe Istest importation. L. 0. CnAFirsD'BAtL.v, Treasurer.obtuseriess no doubt.caTSSSTA-DTX*.TIce-Prealdent*to itsSeveral efforts were made to defeat the bill, which increased respectablUty and great age, passed a joint readv-isade and made to order from measure. FrenchShlrta.-Flne and cross-nlail French bosom i^rts, tke House disagreement retresch- Geota andSenate with anOn motion of Mr. Gaow, ol Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) the PrinUng Committee paid no attention to it, arid BlLIJtCK k C»., corner ot Fulton aad Williaat-ttf.iff^'o. ^'-""Vice-President.insisted on itsthe result wss that the section referred to went Intoit^jL%?i:f^'ind ViSSlT^SLSKhitTKRS-5fot bilioas fevers ,to the Sen-Waa there ever a,Territory with ate's amendment to tiie Homestead bill, and ashed for ment. for the of the Post- Office blanks cost largest and most elegant variety In this City. Beauti-operation. This was a very conslt^rableBats and Caps for CMIdwa.-TheMpiaia5tis wUlbi fouo4 invaluable.andowingatitledDongcumentItowala$ialatieo to. was to the Executive printing, when Inter- tbe most favorable slate of things for a people. We Tendered aervioe. and not to assfsnees. Agreed referring had been madet>eenortCnaatth»urtei^boy_ strength- grow it my Onguent, the ikln. Its nrlee is snd it m,..iicinM. Night tn are partlcnlirly adapted, assiitini; won't stain or injure $1,should at least be willing to deal out to this people The bill, as reported from the Committee on Mill- rupted, to show that a greAadtmIincirsetarsaetion. Tha evi-'^ on sone faces with '" icrofnla-to its woiaS garMWIaJbogpassedandproa- by sQ drugglsu. the of a House PrintereJ^cdicUnder that law G. W. Bot-BLOSSOM TTED- At Everdell's-THE ORANGE unrivaled.is andpreeminent AllAKRISONatBis Old Stand Again,No.9* ANN-STChops and Staaks at all baara. Best of Ale. Winea and Uqnori alwayi sa kaad.and of the Comtitution, was KAN, editor proprietorENVELOPEMOFBIFTATETR'SScures scurvy, nlears andthe perfect whfch these LIFE purityjourned.trials of your SUrerit as lAe test srtids we knttwtr seenforcleaningPlatedandsurerWare. ItaaaataaiBill Hilward'a NecdieaTheymeans cisfms.N«8. 161, 399,upon application toassortment of CLOTHIN9F. B, BALDWIN, Kos. 70 and 7a Bowery.Superior Dresaaall violent pones leaveand7S«Broadway,New-York.from physicians and private families who aava asa* ployed us for the last twenty years.LIFE FILLS AMD FHjIEIIIX MOFBlFTAIETR'dScures dyspepsia, by thoroughly cleaaahwgentleman'sHis.Melodies from the Opera of " Always With He, SongTo my LuteJava Harahtates himself-not only the present President, butalso his immediate predecessor—rather by usurpa- but this they had not done, but went on payingfor and Ellen F. Jones, aged 1 years and Smonths.tiou than right, gave out the Executive printing to these duplicates at a great coat to the country. The Hinnr.—IntbisClty.on Wadnsaday. MayM. in the For sale everywhere, and attheofflce, tlo.VHImthe present system of doing the public printing ex-the gentleman (Mr. HaseikI ought to remember thatthe ofhis.Nabnooo"„T«isted in the of the Executive printingDepartmentwhile the President was his helpingtion. From an examination of the evidence It would be found that the first law officer of the Government had been called uixrn to draw up a plan for the divi- sion of this printing plunder between the various par- tisans and supporters of the Admlnstratlon;as umpire between them in the division of lire spoil a contradiction of terms to call them printers at Tne fnneral will take plaoe, from her laie resideaet.. Interior decorations, pier mantel cUsaes, Ite.andthus to beacquired.Insayingthis he all, or to Rive them such work to No. 67 aast3Sth-st.,on Thursday, at UM o'clock A. H. perform. They Thefriendsoftheana itplundercalled a Convention to form a Constitution, which would add, that it must have been well kno wn to the migtt as wel! elect a shoemaker to be the of tamily are resoectlUIIy invited to at-case, pro- posed a joint resolution containing three propositions. The first was, that hereafter no person shall be elected Printer of either Houte who Is not a practicalAND33»FOUBTH-ST.,N. W.annum on the public printing alone. The people of the funeral,Beat l«a styGRAND. SQDABX Tke best maaufhetarad.gress, snd declaring that the office of Printer to the Holmes, House is vacant. o'clock.No. 104 WillowSt.,onFriday afternoon, at 3GOLD AKD PLATKD BKAO»> LLTS, gnard-chalna. vest-chains, sleevs buMaaaBEST AND CHBAPEST ARTIOLEBEAUTIFYINO, CURI,- OLBANINO,and FURNISHINGGOODSready-made,of HOSTKITEB'SSome months since, while recovering foa aa atnekWUeazdfcGlbba>Sewinc-9Iarhine.mentBitters, ofconvsJeM:ens(romfever.Itisbutslmplsjnstieeta say that It reitored the powers of my dlgeatlre s igaafcBo««m*»Is preeminently adapted to family use.-tPAir. Jour.'• Is a public benefaction."—ITrdnscrtft.008 Broadway, opposite St. Nicholas.and at the samekept mybowels I geatly ofea.tbeai for family use.— TVwuiw. Office No. too Broadway, New-Tork.AtMr. BA«jt"PAi.i— Did you not state so In the House? the dinner table, every dish of rout meat should nave petition in the estimation every patient.JOHSTDl'NCiNiSJN3.for the United States.ABAFTBO TO trCKt BSASOH OFDRAWHIGSOFTBEEDDT * LOTTERIXS.-WOOD,allowed on sumsfrom 10 to 3. Also, on Wednesday and Saturday evenings from 6 to 8 o'clock. SPENCER K. GREE.V, PresidaaCof the Delaware, KentuckyLotteries,the iDJodicious use ot Mercury,aolvaat rrocmt.mi^ the boweia—lcoaliess that tbe light- also wide y known for their good auaU-Broadway,Oa.>a Celebratedi> mada. Is la Ne. 16 rniversltr-place, on Thursday afternoon at 3>i ties at ta«. aad 60c.:and Cl aad ta each,CuBiBUOB.—At sea, onCommittee providing for the establishment of a Gov- steamship Glatgow, on the passage to this port, VAia and studs, which look as well as gold, aad wllliMr. Clqptos, of Alabama, (Dem.,) waa opposed to a Government Ptlntinc-ofiBce, because he l>elievcd itCity.His friends, and those of his sons, are requested ti at- way, one door below Canal-st.. formerly Ko. Udone? With such means as we have to calculateupon. It appears that this Territory has the numberofinhabitantswhichit wasintendedshould be as- Mr.Busssali—Idesireto makethiarcmirk,that noteffectaaavlngofmoney. Astothe reductionat UAsaisoN.-At Garrisons, on Wednesday,May30, ultytoallaypain.certained In that particular manner. That bill did this very session the gentleman making thesecbarges pvesent proposed by the majority of the Committee, Hastba, wife of John Garrison, and daughter of the late BCBOSALL'S arnica LINIHEMTwould largelyIncrease the Executivepatronage, andtend the funeral, from No. 69 Carroll St. , (Thursday) afternoon, at 3 o'clock,Brooklyn, thisMSunday, Hay 27,withoutfurthernotice. Trains leaveChanibeTs-aA. at 7 and 11 A. M., and return at 4 and 7:^1 P. H.SPRAINS AND BRUI.SE8,BURNS AND SCALDS, aad.,^^^^_ ^_^g,^^ ^ j,^_and at less ether establishment in thlt City, gobe United tAimy^ives BITrERST:I 'Are held in tbehighestestimationbySixCO., Hanacers, $1,000. Bank openfrom $A tmloas of isnotonlyagreatornamenttoanyface,batlaoar Th.r?eseulmtesAionicascaaskasgva«g>ja«lialalaAAKor Costiveaesa or CaBallpatla>>, .wblch variable climate is abtolutely necessary to protect the *'.'l»fj; 5o.t Ei* eflcialA10 A.centsterest larger sums.iVsnRbTstUitSuAteI.RON. patented byHTICPiof. Hoaford. oZf*ai^JSi'U. TweQty-fiTC ix per Cent. In-«raj state •»;? '5f, "», «llow,TBB OLD nACTICXTKKATIIEMT ADOPTCOWAJIW 'V H.D.,Cai«P. 0,.La.letter dated JanTa, UMt a^^»saeeeeded ln_aavliig the Uvea of hb pi ministerloK Badwu's Pills aad'lBeadr'KaUeC* CO" »•• *» Joba-at., W..T. by a, Hnteblan, Ko. 3* Azebaaas-alMarSa      SrtSMgahdiWgSSrsTSTOSSbe used b, tver,famUy^^Y^a «ggeMW^^ ^ (Late Joaea, Ban k O0.I„E.V^*'*^efEnglish and Aaserleaa Oil CMha, ka.. ko.cent, interestResd the following Kessrs. BarroBn A Bcunt_ „..„ Boero!), Kay %, U«.After wecan recommend8at*i.'tiralleiwit repestedWe promise no moreperfbrm,giroIt is much better tbaa all cooking enrpcaes, and d>eapar,;erary varietyofLIFB PIIiIaS PHSNIKlength ot tba iateatine* withwithout vialeneacostive within two days. Sold by all draggl'tf;pySPEPSJAiAMD tba whoM www.fultonhistory.com 