 IHMfrea each State met at 1 P. M., and adjourneduntil 5 P. H.JTIXIX8 SKSSI03J.elaborated and and then the Yakcit rolled up from the street and filled my room The Pike's Peak Express famishes the following Ne^tolUuu, commanded by LsnL We had;^ts'.J:!"__: .•\- Wl—il »^l..JHh^Ji-JJi'" !'-^ VOL. m—no. 2980,tea BiiTmeKE counamoN.^^ *»?"!?»NEW-YOBK, WEDNISDAY, JUNE 30, 1860.pracUcable, to examine the same and report thJ that his State, being a Uttle Stole, was ne^ctsd, leturs." Can sycophancy go down deeper into7 ^>a j^NEWS MISLEGBAfikPBICXTiVO i;pfT9.. EUROFEAN KWIU. _Ae Madssici tf ^delegates if they woold be wiUlng ta be bound by the acUoa of existed In the Minnesota Delegation, and be desired ate admission for his noble Stote. Geru CnsHXHa very this ConventiOD, he received as answer a parlectIttmtr trmm »«mn» PtteBfa of OonglaB Anzkna, bat Confident. .fmilUBBini.BBTWBSSTWOSBUSATESMr. Cocaaun rofe to a of order. pointThe Con-stated his views of thepresentof rencontres between the rival a score of cohorts,.finW Ptepatek ' *of the question, and suggestedpostscriptto\GulchminingInGregoryandttievielnltyis active-te <k« K«w-Tark TimM. Biumasi, Toatday, Jose IS.The President decided that such was the posltl<)pWe annonneed in ayeetBday moraiig the arrival ofthat the Minnesota case would be decided by the Convention at the prop- AtDonglM moil beiifre that their prospects er time. He explained the error he had made in te** graatlT Imprer^ TtKj have a mijotity of at stating yesterday that the proceedings of the Florida&*]«a*ttra,iBdpates*rix,lmik»CominlttMonCre- <ii»l1ils. aai tbay claim, witb much confidanoe, tliat aaU r»Miiiin<iii will report t»«iorTow momlag uta>a,anl half of eaeh delegation from Aikuuar. n3t to the seceders.gence. It* his celv*dThey will mla oat Texas ud Florida, ontie gRKmd that bo State CmTcatioiis have been heldIkftaa* Btates slaee the delegatloii seceded. TheytttUX IB ftTor of tdmlttiiif Mr. Sovu's delegation had been Intended toIkilov* :nntnimous vote.Mr. PuiST, of Delaware, had consent to explainhe considers too weak to elect any candidate or **tat>- llahanyprinciple. HesayshehasknownMr.la- ooLB for more than aad that k* hasThe KIssiHipiit delegation will be adsnitted, but Is Mt «TptTt«H to remain. Sooth Carolina has no re-pMMaMlnsIn Baltlmon.m*Btti« report Is preaaated in thi mernlac, theMat4|ktwlIIopeD,flHtrtBtlBBbeintbe InNUimaaber&omNew-Yorkonthe aboveCom-IsileBad to aaother CoBTentbm.l>e oflBlon Is earreat that New-Tork wUl support•• lefsatof the Coiunittee, with some amendments •f ••s^^emtlTe kind, admitting Florida and Texas.IMOsaaUtae was In session all ttisaftsnuN»i flkMstafaig only two OMn on each side from each Wmmt *>d allowing bat ifleen minutes to each advo- WHIe^eak.r, onu's speech on the Louisiana case produced ^litokad sensation.AKMonnal Cosuaittee of Conference of two dele-'The SaespBde — nMMh.plained that he had been absent from the Charlestonthrough his kind aid we secured one of the best seats InthehalLSLATE-TRADZ 8PBCH,which was first given at Charleston He couldn't forThe letter Is very^lig vigetODSly to make the Committee on Creden-tWareportonlytheftctsineachcontestedcaseto Mr.Stitsos,ofNew-York,hadbeensimilarly" too frequent happening, and the severest censure in the mountolos, finding the mi- loud cries of No, no." It beinir evident that the should be to the CThe dis- unexpectedly earlyConvention did not wish te hear him, Mr. applied offending party. ners unprepared with shelter. Timber for the con-Fisbsb^ patch in question was left at the Telegraph office in withadreadfullysolemnvisage,stooduponhischair, Baltimoreat7)io'clockP.M. ItreachedtheTubs structionAlcamo. 18th— forDeparture Partenieo. Tkaaaseday the march is continoed along the plaia of Iflia CooventloD, leaving the decision to a direct vote but ftey can hardly succeed in this.mining regions. Five hundred friendly Indians are ftorcee from Monreale and msaceavta tsdnar Royallfasoa*s effort to make Virginia join the Seceders. The exUldtlsa of iU-tenq>er and weakness madehave to complain of.Mr. Kjjia, Slissouri, called the attention of thethoughtfulness, tenderedservices freeCeumiHteesand it would seem that a better,iin the Press of to-day that I have written a letter fia-New-Jersey. The question cams up on an appUtten heretofore prevails in favor of har- morning. ;restrain theone. In tke evening march for l>Hriim»>t arrival ;He, therefere, aetloa, and abiding by the deci- nowadjourn.dallyslOBs of the Convention. The moderate Southernor that 1 have condemned the secession of the Southern States from the Charleston Convention.The wounded on going;Virglnnla'sOperators in the Telegraph offices, at each end of theRoeaa k.. Pavoa is here, working against SenatelU Intlon of the Dnlon. (Latighter.] Some of the*'^'officers have neglected their duty, and that is all Ihere state that Virglnnia's silence may t>e consider- o'clock. It is mach more profitabl to them than to are about sending ou;u war party against the Utes,march to Parco. Pieces ofnight artiUeryjitshorse laughs, and Rdssil was forgotten. Old Vfr- to the members of the Press. A messenger is in city.ty Mr. FiSHiK, of Virginia, this afternoon, caused Piesldent to the fact that a portion of the delegates Ignat^mosement, although it was really deplorable. from Georgia did not secede from this Convention,ginny neber tires" of making a sensation, but It has waiting at the Convention for our communlcatlous, got to be so common ncw-a-days for Virginia to talk and they are faithfully carried to any part of the.The Delaware Bridge Case.Tamros, N. J., Tuesday, June 19. The Chancellor this morning gave an opinion in the Delaware Bridge case, affecting in some degreeMonreale surroundedon Palermo. 22d—The enemy cpaceatrates heavy forces. Gabibalsi tries again to allore fdrcea bam Palermo. 24'ii—Menacing attack of more than U,0tO men. Prepaiattms of resistance in order to aftiiTe them on. Attack commenced. We, in order to hueMr.KAniu, of Pennsylvania, was also a good deal laughed at, and CoL Fmobsot, of Arkansas, was ekseiad to tte echo on his appearance.FK08FICT or EABMOirr.Brsiything bow wlU be done by Caoens and Coa-and the question should be submitted to the Commit- tee on Credentials as to the rights of the non-secedingbunkum that her ancient influence is on the wane. THE FOUBTH SCXITEUnited States, safely, expcdltiouBly and freely.The Conveutian meets in five minutes, and yoniStates say that if things are done fairly, pendedtlMy will support the nominee Irrespective of per-' tion was adopted at Cliaries^jn which required theI havc written no such letter and expressed no Jerseyinop-andin^^baz-rooms.Theydonotmentionthename suchasolemnappealtothecountry,wasonlyap- of any Sonthern candidate, though they are resolved pealing against a necessary regulation. If the Con-dinate arrangements are good. The Telegraph Com-notaltogetherinkeepingwithmyownviews,Ishall, nevertheless, deem it the duty of every lover of his country to rally to the support of its proceedings.Trinity, in attempting to beat to windward of the"Dbab BaoTHXBThe combat has been hot satglir-Hi. Lsn, or Messrs. BncaSKOai andTlie New-York delegation ai^wars stronger for 'Ssveaia to-day tliaa ever, though anxious to post' pona matters as long as possible, in order to soothe tks modente Southern States and break down thevention will adopt some other plan to regulate theus a andand struck the WhUe Cloud amidships, carryiag1* SivlB.The danger ot Republican success growing out of stayslagiiSM|siifrof the Secessionists, by showing their anxiety to be received back when the final push comes. They will face the music breast to breast with Illinois.chBiexfxoTfAtnhemeanwhile has dispatched a small steansar laden with anas to 81cil7,and is woiktng his lite away In procuring means for more. La Fasbi eoBttanesfntttgiA delegate said that he had been at the door when tire, but the Baltimore girls exhibit better taste in thean naklsd and senseless war la ordar to imped* the snppUes. Bmsm has lapUadMBtwas given.red up great ill-feeling amongstparties. Mosi-Department, took placechances ont of tenIfor Mr. of Vir- PtsaiB,entitled to such seats.Mr. Siaixv, of -MInnesoU, said a contioveisydirtier mfre than this ? When he aike^ thenames ofpersonsand. In a very theatrical manner, demanded Immedi-Scceiers yet to know if that, also, would be referred to the Com- easily quieted him. In his peculiarly sarcastic manner, outburst o( jes, yes, yes, all over the Hall, which for TRxoovTMT »mittee. and showed elearly that if the Senator had not re- Mr.Cbtschunderstoodthattheresolatlonhehad ceivedhistickets,Itwash'sownfault.a moment staggered htm and somewhat msned theeffectofhiswellturnedperiod. Markthis. Ifan!Time and space fkH me, or I eould recount a scorenciOKTBSooKisourdornnolUiaikip Cttyfismuii vaaaa imuMkKB.'offered was already adopted by the Conventionhad, and to introduce other Issues would only reopen disposing of the business matter before hira, he his speech,—so he stellif BtfeSiUes win Deeide not, he hoped it would be allowed to be put without anyembarrassment. DiscussionhadalreadybeenIt. He moved the previoos qnestlott.that the application of his colleague, Mr. Sauububt,The crowd being very great, extended far belowyesterday onlytwenty years,earned a Ugh reputatloa for truth, oandor, ooor-,place;adjournThey ^ipointed Messrs. ScnAar, of The President called the Convention to order at 5sented, argued,didnt behave themselves, they would be cleaned out fully spoken sentences and delightful eloquence.items of news, under Denver City date of Jane II :on the a4ioumment of flie ConventionlUSa side-note, to be cot off and aliowa te >*, ly prosecuted, but <ew are realizing their anticipa- Is written, "Of these, *6 wounded aad. 4 deadare Genoese. Masto'b young brother Is lalarfBgCasMsa, of Pennsylvania, and CavacB, of Kav-Teric, an Sxeeuttve Csnmlttee of three, to take I of the business on the floor, and prevent filll- Tonr Coonty Clerk, Mr. Joaa Cuxct, was a seat on this Committee, bat declined, as didIalso Meavs. Rrcaxom and CAsesa.Vka Fire-eaters and Administration men are strug-in the quickest time possible.THS THIRD S0B5Xoccurred, when, during a parliamentary fight, Mr. FisEXB, of Virginia, appealed to the Convention for an opportunity to speak. He wanted fair play and a chance to it. Inasmuch -as he wasyesterday, special dispatchtions or out much more than their taldag,from Baltimore." A dis-for the admission of delegates to the floor'XXPSBaSMI, Imembers of this Conventionoutrage,are to be excluded fromkaow.'H are pretty much abandoned for the present, miners We took a cannon and drove the Royalistshall If so by police. so,helpGod,I will notdesiring to realize Immediately. There Is quartzthissubmit to such anhere, and if it Is not my passport to this Convention, liwill not retain my seat here. CLaughter.] You have no right to keep train- bands at the door, to pre- vent members entering the hall. The tickets haveenough nownot all the mills at onlychangedof mills is scarce.LargeinsightofPalermo. 19th—Coctlnnedisince the morning session.numbers of emi- shookhisheadandwavedhishand.Saidhe,"Is Officealittlebefore3o'clockthenextmorning. grantsarebotharrivingatanddepartingfromthe ment.toth—MarchtowardsPloppotocoax4beentreated at the door, but did not think it was s.iy reason for a secession from the Convention or dlsso-ofGeorgia.Mr. Stzvast, of Michigan, did not tiilnk any newbusiness could now be introduced to the Convention until the report of the Committee on Credentials vras received, and be undet.-tood that the Committee would not be prepared to report until to-morrowuncle must dose. _ HOWARD.I<etteT from nfarer Wood-He dealee the K«- exclusive grants. The Trenton Delaware Bridge them on, retire towards Corteoae, and to plant thesadelegatesfranspired, when thehad a nicemoved that the Convention At the request of the P.osiJent Mr. StsAAni sus-the motion for a few moments.The President stated 'ii-i'. tiie system of organiza-or preference. There are many, delegates to obtain tickets M .^^cure admission andBagheria byhLkSA,assertsonal prejudicehowever, and good judges, who see nothing Iwforehad noton Convention. I am In favor of the restoration of franchise, and no covenant to refuse the right toseats in the ConvenUou. This sjste'jQ was followed out here. It was absolutely aei;es<iry to adopt such a regulation in order to prevent thetered ffomwhat it was when I attended the Charles- 1783. New-Jerseytogive any suchmeI have my commissionfrom fine positions well defended—terrible posltlaac. Itth—Labbi abandons CalataCml, which we oeea- py. Labci retreating, horribly mauled la Partaslea;tJCBHISO'S OPINING SPBICHin front of the Secre- Yasoiv and his set. They soon began to call for tMom Loaisiaaa, Mr. Fobstib's delegstiao from Ala- who remained with the Convention at Cliarleston, and taries in a circalar row, sit the reporters, each one Yaitcsv, and after It had continued thus for someto those delegatesfloor of thestage. Immediatelythe Democratic party but a split, and two candidatesiThe Editor of the C«u<itut>on,Hr. BaowBi, is here, seats of members fromand declares, either for himself or his employers, those not belonging to the Convention. What could ixs CcsDisa. The Reading Clerk Is E. O. Pisbir, of take its property into the Territories, and to be pro-fromBark Lease, hence 29,for Galveston. June 4. lat. 35° 4«', Ion. 67" 43', fell inwith bark WhiU Clnd, Rav, from New-York, for captain who went to visit GABaiun's camp—aas- Cadiz, dismasted aad full of water, having been firm the news. One from Calatafiml on file Wb. ruBS knocked down In a gale on the 29th of May. The thus:that "DoosLAB never shall be President." There is a strong undercurrent of talk for Judge Nnsos, but the Fire Eaters at the GUmor House talk actively for DicxcisoB on the stoophave resulted but confusion if geatlomen should Tennessee. The Sergeant-at-Arms is Fiux UcCi.03- tected there in those rights, and of the nomination ofbe admitted without restriction to the hall ; The KiT, of Brooklyn. He has a large number of assist- a candidate who will command the support of the Betumed Trinity, HayOur private letters—all brought by an S'T'^triaballwouldbefilledwithstrangers. IthadDcenfoundtheants who keep good order and aid us all very much-There are sbout twenty little boys acting as pages'who carry messages, letters and dispatches, and make shall a and a candidatebeing occupied byquivocaldeclaration of the of the South to rightsbridge TbeBarkWhiteClond.panyConvention it will be most acceptable to the Chair, saving many long weary step.for it will save him from the most arduous and un- The box row of the theatre Is appropriated toof his duties.Mr. FiSHXB and Mr. RaasALL rose, but the latterobtained the jloor, and called upon the Convention not to cast any undue reflections upon the olBcers of the Convention.THE LADIES.As yet, they have not so generally availed them-selves of their privileges as did thetrsistsrs at Charles- ton and Chicago. The ladies of Charleston arc en- titled to the palm of beauty, grace, and richness of at-and some say Savi Antonio Masto has been alected CarablnierL"pleasantsucceeded in saving the crew and Captain of the Wute Cloud, and brought them to this port.Fram the Brazos. Nxv-Oblsans, Tuesday, June 18.The steamship Arizona brings Brazos advices of the 15th, and $94,000 in specie.Mr. FiSBXS endeavored to get in, and h^d pledged selection and arrangement his honor that he was a member of the Convention, side riggaments.general oat-Baxtixobb, Tuesday,order. The motion to adjourn isanother, pursed up his beingon if there is a single member objecting to it ;"going and aged about 4S,shot his wife, and then shot himself. obeys. He in one .place, Mastint in aao.gentleman bushier.]The cause of the act was jealousy.ther,inperfectplaaafromMichiganand there being no objection made, I supposed,concoid have laid tbatrand the people, the masses, are awakenlBg to re!tween colts, best three in five, stakes $4,000,*e(!ls distanced Jf«m6m«C*it^iB the firstheat. Time,2:55X.The Clevelaad aad PlttobarK RallrJeuaned.19.allMr. Casaca continued. On consultation with the RAanAU., an inveterate old sinner against Jacxbom, eoitXET, of Pennsylvania, was replying in sentencesresult but thue are nhiety-mnenagcment had beea agreed on, honorable to both conlinued to denounce DocaLAS and his supporters and at one time was greeted with most tremendous aild to the difficulties and embarrassment of myuntil the audience getting weary stopped his talk.No other speaker answering to-.the call of tne audi-ence, the HOeting dispersed.PENCIL 9KBTCHE8 IN CONTENTION.BnrpAio, Tuesday, June 19—6 P. M. thousand v'olunteen are on the llste. He eue^wliich he hoped would mee: theapplause. This was the signal for THE SIXTH SCENE.sales16,000 ; i5a$5 25 for extra Illinois and Wisconsin; $5I7J<12,000 bushels No.1 HilmoseeClub, at $1 12a$I 15. Cons in good deBaad,and advancedilHi:-concvirrence It was proposed that Mr. Gu. MOH should withdraw his amendment, and ttiat Mr. CanxiB should withdraw the latter portion of his «Tiitr^—*"*! leaving only before the CoKrectiou that poitSoB ratorlBg to the Committee on Credentials;$4 873«®$5 for extra Statetake 1.200yaities,of the Convention.A. soon « Mxnic U off30 I, to be a third expedlUon, conceniBg wMekyoa popped up in quick succession, demanding that the clples may be mainlainfd, the preser^•ation of the for$5double extras. Whzat in fair demand, and ad- •hall know all as soon ss tt wlU be safe. Oh, w» nathe claims of all delegates applying for seats in the The General "of Afcirs—Scenes of the First that he would with the demand, when Moar- tees, complyprotectionConvention. FApplaoae, and cries of Agreed, agreed."!as In 1848Watlve has set the wheels i» moUoata- pos-vious question has been MCOBded, the action he desirescan only be reached by the gentleman refusing to orderhe previous or unanimous consent to question, bysnrpend the rules imder which the Convection is acting,Mr. Chtocb—Then I ask the onanimoos consent of the Convention.Telegrayh and Bxplshould nrsiar upon their privilege being equally great when Union sentiments were being uttered. Then,Ccsana called to him to stop, and although althgughhas been much misinterpreted by ttie papers. Aboat Osmoa Tuesday, Jane 19—6 r. M. tbe man faifflsalf I shall say little ; Gtaattaa/oMd FLOCK unch^^?'at|3®$5 25 for Common him on board Oe Fumoxts, and left htm at Tala-"Cries of Granted," granted."keepingS^^Momn Cbhim, tne turnkey,front^epi of Se building, heard a great noise up ^e VVheai, UJ4C. on Com, to New-York. Late bmrts— placed themselves under his orders were"The Paismsjre—The Chaii wUi understand consent were omitted, an4 many of the otheri were no; pres-j^l,Sabout w-ho,S?ts anJ soiM of the prisoners shouUng througa the&.!; imifois.'at , Three hiiadied sooa C«AL FLIGHTS Steady, -at 26c. or; FlcmriTC. on txA march on tke Bomagna.to he given to modify the resolution as Mr. OiLHoaa—In pursuance of thl;7,000 bushels W^.eat;;had decently ahned, a hundred merelylaaeei, andthCB, I BOW withdraw my amendment.yMl. Omicb—And I withdraw the latter poraon ofof meeting.THE yiBST SC2HBof the ConvenUoa oicurred between Senator Sauis- btbt, of Delaware, and Gen. CcsHmo. The Honora- ble Senator had just arrived from Washington, and,able, very Ingenious, very disingenuous, very anti- Noithem and antl- Douglas speech, in which he aiivo- cated the immedUte admission of the Seceders, with-theyand offer an an amendment iu tttpoMaa, itsllaeeaMMlawiBg:Xmbft*, That the crcdeatlals of all persons ciaiai-of kind. "His flrst anyBUABBTtmsattSMfarsanesia*. Waaat Ursa ; sale* 3,000 bush-sl*B of thedelegatasproposed. agreementkilled himself. Mr, Lpham 1 COObbis/Flour;10,000 19,300 bushelsAspect Day'sIc; sales 40,UOO bu•^els, at 533<c fbr Toledo «54!4c. for No. 1 Illinois. Oats noxinal, »'From Our Own^Sesdok.that in no contingency they bSrassed by the acUon of our-"•^z V-..oaV- hett, and If c, on Com to New-Yoi4. Lai" Ixpyrts.s.um '^e Mis;The Paasraan—The Chair would inform the gen-tlemanfromNew-Tork,thatasthecallforthepre- OniMdenieetlngft-Ag|aTe>m40Sp«ech-Vhe wereallowedtoapplaudSouthernsentiments,he Sesintmynai^etotheConventionatBaltimoreto live and see a mdtad Italy.aatrtaptmUmt.past 11 o'clock, Gen. CoskDlGthe Court on a charge of high- and having been found guilty was lea-double extra fn F-rtr.Rtmt«TTf aa 75 S»7 fobre-f.atevror-s.taeles S.OOO bosh-Ai seven minuterrapped three vigorous rapswitt hisdesk, and the Convention caice to order. When theroll was called, the names o! the seceding States He vras foUoned bygavelon tlMwas a fine effort andAdministration maalselocted, then Gxaaan will be After^ madeCoUecteroftkePortofBoston,asarewardformaraed effect. begged the indulgence of the Convention, while heHON. OZOBOS B. LOKING,ent, owing to a misunderstanding concenung the hoar of Salem, Mass. Mr. Loauia made a very long, verysixty oalygalleriesinstantlycleared.producedcondition of the Dem-vention had agreed to allow Mr. Goitoai to ocratic Party and its opponents. Referring to the " scenes" which would disgrace any body of oneivl-withdraw his amendment and Mr. Cmncn to modify Republican and Old Gentleman's Party, he emphati- Hzed people, and make the honest blush of shamehis proposition. This having been done, the question cally termed them all traitors, enemies of the Demo- mantle on the cheek of every old-time Democrat. between the Democratic and Rapnbllean posfls*, sadmust recur on the question, which cracy and enemies of the Constitution. This was re- But I must hasten on, and will close with a brief ac- he prefer* the latter. The Demoer«tte Partg,ordering previous has already been called and seconded.ceivedwithcheersandloudThe audience was disposed to be demonstrative-,and at all times their approbation or other- expressedwise in the most enthuilsstlc and rignificant manner. As at Charleston, so here,TBI ACCOHMODATIOirSfor the Press are exfremely limited, and poorly ar-count ofTHE BIVAL XEBTIII68held in Battle-sqaaie, opposite Ott Gilmor House. Placards had boea pasted all over the city, announc-he says, has merged its existanoe In the oa*Idea of and Is aeetiaaaL Negro Slavery, whollyIt Ihas In various iastanoa* endaageied the equalityof coordinate branches of the and at- OoveraaMat,Convention had been placed officially in his handsThe proceedings wore only Intended for his private ranged. The Convention sits in the Front-street and children had gathered there. After themusic positeoflb*Demoeraile,aadthanfore«alttledSheby the £oA<mun, at Father Pointinformation.Mr. CnuBCB's modified resolution was adopted by aKmo, and others, addressed the crowd at great length, from the step* of Rsvxasr Joeasoa's hoose, which adjoins the GUmor.he had not other might put forward, 1/ goodraaaosscoixaspondenoe aDdexchanges contain of caasidanbl* intarest andeoidons ezttaets below:Theafre, which bears a strong resemblancelo's Gardeiu The parquet has been floored over, making it and the stage on a level.:whereupon the President angrily rapped, rapped, "suggesUens, his splendid voice and devil-may-caredrewthecrowd awayfromthese-latapiecesofartHlery. l?th rnrsmpintatAaaapplause.The teats of the President and Vice-Presidents areat the back of the stage, and the Secretaries sit infront of them on a less elevated platform. On the the GUmor House, which Is the head-quarters ofapplyMr. McCooE, of Ohio, moved to adjourn.ilr. Pbxlups, of Pennsylvania, moved that when of reporters, hangers on and outsiders are entirely and others. The crowd soon divided, one partage,morals find smlablUty; thatheha*lateiBAPTXB, called Order, order, oapxa," and grew in the style,man of thespirit,derly. Each branch of the subject was in turn pre- room, the clear, bell-like voice of the misguidedsettled,people In the galleries were admonished that if they (in the sixteenth story of the GDmor) with its beauti-128 woonded, and 10 dead. [Her* in aMiimesotalittle family jar, as to how their votes should be cast The Chairman decided that themajorltyshouldbe permitted to cast the whole voteto by others. With consent of the Convention, they then proceeded to ventilate each others positions, as each party stated facts diametrically opposelng each other, and as much personal bitterness was mani- fested, the scene became at once Interesting and ex- citing. Aton'^tlm-!iti,>o%eJ-.y.'.^nyandprospects fur a row were good. FLially a compromise was effected and the quesUon was postpjncd for future settlement.All thethe Sator There is0FF1CEB3 OF IH« COSTERTIOIIare the same as at Charleston. The President is Ca-apeace to our troubled counsels—of clear and one.build aroyal palace, stIU in thetodelegates. gentleman Virginia, making themselves generally useful. In fact, all the subor- timore agree upon platformnecessary this morning Thechange fromtickets of the inhave connected wfres with the Hall, therebywreck, in order!The President read a letter from the Chairman of remarks. How strange it is that proselytes, whether and the cries " Go on goBoth are dead.The TarfonI" being con- the Committee on Credentials, stating that the Com- tinued and increased, I resumed my remarks mittee would not be ready to report to-night, and to a religious or political faith, are so much at the point where I had been broken o9, begging the Convention to continue its session during more eager in its support than those who have t>een by the unanimous request, as supposed of theLa Faxibi's vote (or the sale of Nice fisi GABiBALni'B birthplace has contributed not a little to In the race to-day on the Woodland Course, bo. diminish his influence. The iast lines of Bsaisai'a Sibier- letter are worthy of note. You remember how, iathe evening. [Loud iaugaier.lThe President explained that thebom and brought^up therein. Mr. RaaoAL out-Heroded Convention, and when called to order, I instantlyHerod, in his eagerness to conciliate, accommodate and toady to the South. As a natural sequence theSouthern members enthusiastically applauded him, and frantically urged him on, and when severalwriter wascontinue its session during the evening.being an different port of the proeeedings, put entirelyface on the whole subject. Of the desire of the Con- vention to suppress the debate, I know nothing, nor could I have been Induced, knowingly, to violate theevidentlyintention ofto ask that the Committee mightLoud cries were here madeginia, during which a motion to adjourn was made and carried.to seek another chieL"Watk,"thesuppressed In your re-wkaawanecome.....tre being well filled, calls were made for several jumped up in his chair, as If he hadcoitomarywhich almost succeeded ts tie hfadodagThe Convention then morrow morning.adjourned _fill10 o'clock to-members, havingdisgusted by the fulsome-courtesyand chanaels it was committed !hesitation,Jlaat Ugliting with gas.OnBothmofMr.Ln>tov,ofNew-York,theread- \ftertheadjournmentof theConvention,thethea- selves by hissing, one of the VirginiansA. BALDWIN.Withdraw*. WashiSgion Cnr, June II, 1660.oftheClevelandandPittsburgRailroad.In ClncIaBaci.Cincinnati, Tuesday, June 19.breathandbrainremaintomatoobtalaaidtosneeor 0^1 who anywhere ftrilow the generous patkiriMt* GABiBAist leads the way towards satntlsa."of the jOBisal was dispensed with.The quMttoB peading being on ordering the previ-speakers, amongst others for Capt. Rvudebs, who been a on a and in theSenator JohnseB#ofTeBneasee,Firesteam saw-miU of Cameron,declined speaiing, as the gentleman from Virginia puppet string,Italy^Story & This Is explicit. Thettme for hestMloo is gone in Storrs Township, was destroyed by. All Italy, save La FAxon dt Co., is laaelnd that Italy shall be won by Italian hands. Let Vioioxous question OB the several motions respecting the (FiSBis) might claun the floor. ,,,._,_, slang, style, and bunkum of Us cUss, vowed a fearfulMilliqan—/>e(ir Sir: Whilst The admission of delegate*. -^n old gentleman named Wobih, oi Mississippi, vow that, if the Cheer didn't keep order, he'd be deeply thankful to you and your associate delegates• Mr. Cmmca.of New-York, asked consent to make not a delegate, volunteered a speesh, and for some something or other if he didn't do it himself. Mr. In the National Convention for your support ef my Malohb, situateda proposition to the Convention calculated to har- time amuBed the audience by whimsical remarks. Rahdali. having expressed hlmBell patriotically to name as a candidate for the Presidency, Indorsing by fire last night. Loss, $25,000.' "Gen. SamuelHe attributed the present difficulties to the fact tnat and therein iiie honor done me by the StateDelegatesof dress andJune 19, The following letter from Mr. Baldwin, ofSyracuse, is published : Baltwobi,Tuesday,June19.I avail myself of the first mo- ment'sleisuresincemyarrivalinthisCitytorequestwaging: this was objectedport that he has DoBonneed Ike Seceders. Niv-YOBX, Tnesday, June 19, 18C0.Oe New-T»rk Tima:no foundation for the statementsCompany claimed the exclusive right to bridge theDelavrare three miles above and three miles belowthefr This was alone granted present bridge. grantface to face with the artillery, we file off by aaolhet road and present ourselves before Palermo. 2Uh— Arrival at Manrico. The stratigan has suaaeedad ; the Royalists are in front of the artQleiy near Corle-Steamship Inst.aievaiyuneerfain." TheoutsidepressureisstrongfnrDonsLis,butithasnoeffect. Oneofhisfriends,more eager than discreet, was for calling a mass Mr. FiSBia—I had the floor and did not yield it.Mating to-morrow night, and giving him the nomi- The PaiBinrar—If tne gentleman did not yield the and pants. Having struggled very hard all through First—I am made to say " that I could not well see mutotlon of his sentence to death to imprisonment at work to hinder the Provinces of terra Jlrm» bumbut the officers had refused to admit him, and rudely bntltmustberememberedtliat"whitemea thrusthimback.THE FIFTH SCENE occurredwhenMr.RASSAix.ofPennsylvania,having obtair.ed the floor, proceeded to deliver his speech in favor of admitting the seceders without condition.These are the present appearances, faithfully re- petted,C. C. Fulton, Esq.Case or Hardea.Teixton, N. J., Tuesday. June 19.Mr. Fisnis desired to make a statement.:TheThe Passinsar—The Chair reminds the genileaian tiiat he is not in order.programme,atleii by popular acclamation, with G^. Joaasox, floor, at least several gentlemen have taken the floor the Charleston Convention to get off a speech, andhow the Union could be dissolved," whereas I saidfor life. Habsbn's father and friends are here. Sfarder and Salelde.Co.,following the Sicilian example. Gabibaui has >ft orderstwlth Bxstau to " satdtknuceiMaTTi aidUf.Sieaf,of Temwsiee, or Aixi. H. Stxvxbs, ef Georgia, as Tlee-Presldent. The matter was squelched as so<»> as It was reported to the leading Douglas men. To- morrow will certa^y decide the complexion and futnie piotwrtions of this protracted fight.For the Associated Press. SECOND DAY.Bautxokx, Tuesday, June 19. The Convention was called to order soon after10 o'clock.The Theatre was well filled, but not crowded.The day was dajk anl sloomy, and the appearanceOf the inside of the theatre was improved by its bril-since he spoke, and one has made a motion to ad- journ, which is in order. [Laughter.]having been repeatedly choked down by his co-dele-exactlyvociferous cries ol " Go onthat *'l am hereConvention, and 1 will not abuse that courtesy byyouMr. Rasdail is a little man about sixty years of age. casionedandhear the application of Jacob S. Habsin for a com- clllsn revolution, compelled now to cry " Brcoe," arebylie was dreseea in a new black dress coat, white vest ceedings of the late Convention in Rictimond.The Court of Pardonswillmeetto-nsorrow,after having done their utmost to Impede Ote H-gates and others, he naturally became somewhat ex-Capt. Ryjraas, of New-York—I rise to a point of cited and very nervous. Standing in his chair, he on, saymg!go on !" I refused to goBoston, Tuesday,June 19.and at tke tame time organize reccbUan mtieand thenrestored, he proceeded, pump-handley, to eject his had a tight to suppose, that none existed,In Lowell, to-day,the teetered first one waynot in order ifhas got the floor. [Loud mouth and knitted his brows. Finally, silenceConvention who live or die, sink or s<vlm, and to stand by this glorious reflectingConvention of the Democracy of Tennessee,no man had taken part m thefriendly manner the ^'^eitiou of the admission of had not been for twenty-five years a dsfsmer Union right or wrong, sat down on his handkerchief and distinction given my name by the people whommonize the and to arrange in a pending motions,la Albasy. ALE'-XT, Tuesday, June 19.I of General Jacssox. There was CcsBiso, the and wiped his face vigorously with his spotted chair. have served, ana whose confidence Is worthy ef theof the Chief Engineer of the Fire Mssici hat rotumsd from Turir^ He « a« closeted•M last with Bmiahi. as ye: i dont know the nightdelegates.Cries of "Hear hear him,sioa gSBtlemanfromPennsylvania,(Mr.Gi;.Koai,)anar- addressingaleadingspeechtotheConvention, lie oftauntingandsarcasticbitternesstoMr.RAmAix, Government—IcannotandwillnotsuffermynamemThe electionMm," and nnanlmonsconPresident, who had been a dofamer and an oppo- nent of fce principles of Jackwn, until hs (Ccsbl^o) ttimed a traitor to his party. Then there was JosiahThe debate that followed was very bitter, and stir-best cfforis and highest ambiUon of any man, yet this hour of peril to the harmony and Ittegrity of Jie Democratic pirty-in this hour of serious apprehen-nighU jAaiB.McIiCAiis.ei-andOOHSBT, who is a man of giant 'orm, large chest, and *°?Sat'the Tennessee Delegation mayimmense muscular development, thundered out hisState m to my- regardCanai Freights steady at 4«c on Flour,itmodest opinion that, if the people In the galleriessSr 1 desire throughyou to request that they wdl91,000 bash. Wheat28,000bush.Oats. CanalEzports,i6,W0bnti.ynieat, 21 ,000 bush. Com. , . ,„ r p msible AwordsbootLaxsabobi,wbo«eqoeereaeapalahe was constantly interrupted by Southern oppo- nents, he kept straight on, and finally sueceeded, byJohn Farrell was, on the Uth, tried by of Oyer and Terminer, ai Troy,mone, where, a* you know, the calls to Insei in the Marches and TTmbria were dlstribnted.Administrationmsagatsthenomination,andIf saidul;^^ M SBrNnlD.having a little wooden table at which he writes. time. Judge Mtsx, of AlatMuna, made his appearanceThere are only about forty tables and die vast crowd and a speech.' fie was followed by Yarcit, Babbt, He is the peer of the first men of the nation, and #tPable to sustain himself, and advance thecaasaagaiast ,Mr. Mohtoojubt, of Pennsylvania, said that some of course well provided for, but h required all the opponent. The eloquence of the speaker determined any adversary, and in any field where mhid aadTimtwtkthe Convention adjourns it be till 5 P. M. excluded from the floor. The New-York papers are listening to the Donglas speaker,and the other to his•r tke ReselaUaa.that, in brief, be called, ail of us, about times to get our tickets ume of his voice settled the question as to who considers him a sound, safe, national man, who eoaldcontest existed over a seat In the Massachusetts dele-which had better be settled at once.hands of New-Tortc Diun The motion to adjourn was withdrawn, and after but they were never ready. Finally the Reading should have the larger part of the crowd. Mr. Gos-and the dedsien of eretyqnea-tact and energy of that wiry crowd to get in. twenty'la as oU Dickinson Hard-shell Semooat, andps ke wHl BOTcr vote to adailt any delegate com- now reclaimed Ids seat, but his substitute believedtry, he hopes be may be elected.been asnouneed, which gives achioaologieal a^»-galionsome debate B. F. IIailitt, of Massachusetts, ex- Clerk, Mr. A. Prauf, came to our rescue, and nos repeated hisnot be sectional if he tried, for all his feellBgs and In- terests are identified with the great valley of the Hlssisstppl,and thatforthe^oodofthewholecoon-byBma, the dlstcaciiiaBU -'-n-jrConvention, and had appointed a substitute.Hethe life of him, see the difference between buying a able, and has given great satisfaction to such of bit tlve of the snoeeasive tncMaats of the revotalisB. I Hepnbllcaa mends as have seen it.THB SICOND SCEXaocenrred when Mr. CmrscB's motion to bind all dele-We the size of his audience, or rather the power and vol knowledge are the weapons used;From Oar Owa Corrcspoadeat. GxNOA, Saturday, June ad, TtHt.I have a letter writteneompaaion of Oaiibaiai,wtiose death hashe had a right to retain it.Afterdiscussionthiscase,togetherwiththosemgatestothesupportofthenomineeoftheConvenUou exceptthatInoneInstanceonehadtopay$1,500, IiBtartrmmIkePlata*. belowIgiveyoualiteraltrsnilatlon:—Oelettetkferred to the Committee. floor, and rising to the galleries, mingled with otherstitntlonal in one act, and worthy of hanging lor theAOTITX AT PIKX'B PEAK, JtC. 8t.Jobbfbs,Tnesday,Jane1>.The Pony Express from Camp Floyd arrived at noon to-day, on time.The Indian troDbles in Western Utah have not yet been adjusted.May 8th—Arrival and froas depaxtar*mittee on Credentials:coaL Arrival at thing—Mcsaiu,He didn't believe in this state of things, and elaborately argued in favor of a reopening of the Afri- of Kentucky, In place of time the of the House; can Slave-trade. The bare-faced impudence of hisT^ammm Isr aad coaL IItl>—.iiiival andThefollowingchangas'werethenmadeintheCom- clouds,whichnearlyfilledthehallOther.the shouting Bshtlxt, of Delaware, in and applause was outrageously noisy, and for a longof SiotJTWood, and D. S. GaiQoav, of California, in place of DunuT.Mr. FBnin'S then renewed his motion for a recess tUl 5 o'clock.Mr. MoCeoE, of Ohio, demanded a vote by States, and the Convention, by a vote of 185 to 66, agreed toP.M.Mr. FisEXB, of Virginia, desired to know whetherinterrupted proceedings;ammunltianfrom 8. Stefisno lorlanding with all and every aausncompletely ceding stand, and he was cei talnly the"Paaeardo, near SalaaL IStb— atBa- Eacaapaeadface red, red, aannxa. Silence being restored, he de-livered an oration on the propriety of keeping orderin the galleries, and the impropriety of being disor- and at \2ii o'clock at night, while writing In my night, and will eontinne to do so every Wednesday 4,000. 16th Calatatai,hour." ThemeetingswerekeptupwithgreatTne WestvrardExpressSaturdaylemi, and coneefitratloB of lasarreetlaBal tasMAaat —March and combat onaid* ofZbijfThe T1M13 ofmuch to con- my surprise,tained no "patch of more than a colunm's length was left by my associateattheTelegraphofficein goodseason,and although matter which was left later appeared in theTriiiMe and the Herald, his dispatch was not handedexpenses. Some of the lead claims, containing no paying dirt,urgeof order, his speech was nipped In the early bid by you in time for publication. Such occuireaces are o^ next six months. The rainy season has commenced aad Borgetto by the insurgents. 17th—Departan forentirely outvoice to be stifled here ? If the silenceof Virglnnla u to be constrained, then let Virginnla line, are paid one dollar an hour for waiting after 10 on the South Park. The Arrapahoes and Cheyennes off troops from Palermo. Partial iiiii i ill la Mmed ominous—aye, very ominous," and down he sat.Wliereupon the Convention indulged in a series of "us to have our dispatches delayed.leaving their families and horses near Den.cr City. There is very little Improvement In business In thise —Es. Taos.]The Adams Express Company has, with its usualoftake* on men's shoulders through pouring rain and ahnc kor- rible roads. 21st—In the morning arrived at Paree ;dency,famously. AnotherletterfromtheharborofPalermoonthe27th, describes the attack of the dty ftom tks side vtNationalDemocracyineveryState.Convention now InIf, however, the session at Bal-success of the Democratic Party at this critical junc- ture In the affairs of the country.Very respectfullyyours, FERNANDO WOOD. Letter ftvm Mr. Baldwla.itytookmy letters, I said, "There *'myseat. Ali thisare momentsfear that Gabibauii will give way, and we Aall has*someerrors myself, the mistakes of your reporter of the pro-to correct in relation to oc-the reverse.Second—When first called to order amidst mostfor the (uture welfare and perpetuity of ourthat he win start soon. Me has purdasod afriends. I feel that it is incumbent upon you, upon me, that everything that can hjnoraOly and cooeis^FLora firmer, with a good demandFaiicyfie anxietytoknowwkowlBhabblsDelegates from all the Anti-Douglas benches and harmony of action, to the end thst correct Lrm- 2 6214 for extra Indiana and Ohiothge,bemenced to say, in his delightfally roundabout way,Mr. CDSBtva com-onlvrat y be done should bedonebynational organization remaining continued, and, above all, that the Union, with tlie blessmgs, guaran-the of the by courtesyBbtaht shoemaker, Jdarchee, Vmbria, and liapUs," and BrsTtar Moobe,due to the occasion. WUl you dome thecharge; allreadytofihigonndra*up-Clbvbland, Tuesday,ness of his Southern adulation, expressed them- favor to correct the error through the same means J, JJ. McCCLLOtJOH has been appointed Receiver SieiliaH expedition, and I wUl ooiahat as loBg a*us to secure unity,;,hech<^one..infor It now: Duringof its Constituaon, perpetuatedso act, and may find ihem»el>ei em-.an honorEleetlon of a Chief Baglneerfe)Xlarkete by TeleKvaphJ is nov> lyiiw near MarwJIe*. Sx steamer,whichtirflna Lab- mere force of strong lungs and competent biais, in way robbery, He was reoom- rinh , «ri2aSl lis 6,000 bushels Caicago BiABOBi, as soon as OAanai.M bad reSmbarhed, aa-hisanlhistcnced to ten years' imprisonment.aTMh.', L'nrivate terml. Cobn duU: salesnomieadlDat his TMi°itf«»iigrounddefeatinganURonists.U> 7 o'clock the same evening,out trammel or pledg*impulse," he said, "was to openal men _sei!—Without eenttnels or orgmlzi'I-;!!,toat Charleston, be referred to the from the effigcts of the joimey or something else, was them with hot haste, and to thank them dlately summoned, andatlastsecountsitwasthon^Ing seats iBtbli Comraatlem made vacant by the leues-receive_»"ITM2: bDoy^Want ixn, at 21c.iSc>buttenyearsC«u>ltte«, w&cli is herety iastracted, as soon as exceedingly nervous and ld(«tty. He oomplaliMd gT'tefoily Igrea; Heavens H fox deignicg to pioiable that iii tafortunat* man wo-old reeovsr.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069sales2,000bodelsatdSc Fsovweii*firm.his retnmlng brothers—to meet is too much.' Medical aid^Untitled Document-^,(,;i?thl^ Farrell hidi",!^fn «?once^d found Farrell lying on the bed2,300 bushels Oats ;rrrMsZ:^%^&^^orin hi.a ga.h inMys>«-1 Wheat; MOOhis arms wide ^?^'epU^!"lhav«be.BkiliingSy.etf.in a_ k»0T6 »hv,wiissittiogon ttehand,^ddl S. Lorenie-to the SUtei. Hcie LiyoTiNcai marshaled!..,iU sarroundiu< the tswB—no cie"ncewu wrong. '^^S!^ii*'i!^^*S^S!SL *lsnd.at$l 2Si«i 33; white attl 389$! 4S. Caa.i1.01 does be teem to knowand. ''BooauxBaouu— InHtf tfeiTHX BUOCRITS BAVX BTAIBD TOB iaOR-—THB BBPnSLIOiJI PABTT tOsc Jaavw. I.OIIIS,T«is*«y,The Dtmcerat, to-moirovr, wDl eotatyn'AdpBans' letter in support of the CUaage saaiaM.After dIic1alBtngthathefselstk*l*ast|iita*acdis-satlsfsetlOBat a«tbetBgnoiila»tadUsM«(lMs*ys that It is plain that the approaehi^ eoatsst WHt botkee%^|ing the fact that a Douglas demonstration would be a passive register of party decrees. la moat, if Bot tagtea, but were unable, in conMqnMea of 4W ^1^to Nib- from the Messrs. JoaxsoN, Goanos, band, Ci.AiaBOBic,support, and this would be a stifikleBt lanai supporting any man whom the RefobUeaa Partyb«t oar variov dottfta importance. Wcpnoattempted to degrade the Judiciary by strivtkg t* makeheU las: evening at the place above designated. Xt all thJags, he coaiidCTs &e Sepubliean Party the op- ness of the hour, to give any details of ksrthe appointed hour, some five thousand men, women to hisMiS bringsnolaternewsthinladboean>for snppoitlag Mr. LiHooia. TheUniaBPartytaleats,and he will use them to the bestadvaaMfi-—nigger in Virginia, and buying a nigger in Africa, sent the original to yon In a hasty note yasteid^^—the Arkansas and Minnesota delegations, were re- was read. Clouds of dust roie from the delegates' and In the other tX ; and yet, said he, we are con- CONTHrUATION or tSBia DIFMOtrLTIES—mikibb datedMisnjiasi,M*yi$.left here <mand Saturday. atprecisely Monte dl Planto Romeiw agalnsl 1,500outpresent in operation, but all those on tlie road, for thet>yat 10 $1:isthetalkofItilUithas not felt any reality ladii|i»d*now one's t>loodence; but tto^a**ndose^pot***bbls. Flour;ii<^.0;>«;'"l"k,£t.'iat $4 25 for finettawthe last fifteeo aoaAs «•to supplycation to grant a perpetual Injunction tovoring the nomination of Mr. Douglas for the Presi- Trenton City Bridge Company from erecting bridge at midnight—encampment, 25th. 28th—A great day.a across the Delaware. The Chancellor denied the in- junction. The grant by the Legislature of New-ofexclusivefranchisewasinvalid,and opinlcn cuntradictirg hiy well knon-n position on erative for want of concurrent jurisdiction provided these subjects. My position has not in the least al- for in tbe agreement between the two States, made inrightwithout the consent of Pennsylvania.the fortress. Thehands of the royalists, was to be attacked Imau- dlately. GabibalpiandUseldestboy,Hixaiti,were welL May 27th the anniversary of Gabisauii's splen- did victory at Tarese last year.Boston, Tnesday, June IB.to save the crew on missed but has cost us dear. The board, rious,Genoese CaiablBSbi have distinguished themselves— [this is the ssa* our divisions, is too imminent for any Democrat to away the Trinity^! head spars, and causing her to leak aoips that narought suchtwonders last year). BsauB. allow his individual preferences to Interfere with the 600 strokes ¥ hour. At 10 A. M., on the ath, the TWa- DO, Casaccia and Dblla Casa are slightly woaBded,Habana has arrived from Havana 15th ,letter ts thesefal atta<^ and proves beyond a doubt thattoCbief, was elected by ferty-five majority.at lioutsvlUe, Ky. Louisvills, Tuesday, June 19.spend.'.For an antli*writes BxBTANi, " I fought against a certala parslytie$5 87Ji'9$6 vanced lc.®3c.i sales 20,000 bushels Cai^da Club,Clrt^laSr "Whvat market els%id^^anr"|l^'5!iTs,003;iushels Milwaukeeiwas to collect followers;.LBS-irauce, $4,000.Emanuxl be Kmg of Italy say even the most radica ofradicalSibutnot of a pertiaa. Be shall sot hal>— we will not let him tarry antn the goal be res^-ed.8^ 5«c Oiber Grains nomlial.bush- ; 1,000 bushels Barlev.;bushels Com.PaninsLFBiA. Tuesday, Jane 19.closed sctlv*. FLorR geneiaUye's CornCanal Kxport*—VM bbls. Flouraslor e.evon days, aad finally\!|fVBOt OABXBAUnC Parstealaia af the'aaraal mt —'.airtiether dead or taken we dont prisonerGabibaipi and Lathat between 7 and 8 P. M. the city was In his hSBda,aad(be rsyalists bombartfisg the cltv from the port aadIn a very dignifiedthrob;popular:dtsgraea- he alone is Intrusted by GAaisAuti with his piaas aadaad asserts that hs Intends to seeoad both to the uttermost. In other words. La FABm *one oallelouablt oftile remainder such weapocsHere they wanderedMsdied a little town-Grotte h.s" Pkp'could find.)!:.»' www.fultonhistory.com 