"*ago,to the eiicuM-•^MBn>S 64LLEHT—M*. WI Bmibwat— aaonLi eALLscsr—v*. xn bbusitat—oarasa'sof Jspansse " Tonrr " has been mostsurrounded,wecertainlyhadneverpermitted larone'mfivepercentstock,havebeenaddedFINANOIAl. AND OOMMEROIAUrABMiSmtatdsy,inst/L Tits stesnaUr MOiU, ehartemd frwa ihs Oa-''MfHltt BVTolotlcra waa ataa^r making progress.had subsided.Flour was in moderate demand, at about formerinwhich he went as far justFor, alterall,"provhiclalbooadTbe Gnu CsatBw wTke steaBsUp &s«:aifencDeeHida owned, rather a mockery of the "Boar- by giving the party two of each. Its ostensi.intotheNew-Toit,airtsel tke Boraiitg of tbe Ua.''ililiiW Qorammest, had ordered a levy en •auatt nate a candidate who should unite the senti-> afH* fno^ and was negotiating loans. The ment and of the and thus secure support party,THE SICIUAM INSOVSaCTON. stand in the relation of Penlealmn af tk» Ca...jKt,and to<dt occasion indoingso to asay strong came into the Convention hoping to rule it,of the and he may gain as much from thistitmtf menead to arrtva at Naples have beeadi^istsM t»'of the "Executive officer " in charge of a for- theeign embassy, every morning to read a pile ofcomparisonstands^s follows P.iWi.- D?t<.:The Oftnion Natvmai* gives a rumor fliat Francs bad, with tbe consent of FiMmoot,aoo9ted the me-;.'angry word ?His bill,blueof business. One cannotii.effect of calming the excited German mind, asd banishing for the present the fear that FranceRepublicancomplain that while, ten years ago, Mr. Filluobe got'on considerations of economy,comftefaenslbteOynthidii of thefl$t 14P-|pn:fe""-•—--^'' "Twalll 1^"}%em States,aay tpedal opposition from the South, would in the most absolute manner the truth of ''SoititT" Bother is, aor has ever beenBl lll *<IIU<g«I»IBB WMiourselves to suppose that this sentinMatalismveiled anything more foul and disreputable to the close of the thetwhich the whole-t^ miBtil; JOis u, lanThis action b Mtda lawJAi to |he refassl of sev- eral eompaafoa iBitf mf^inltnrto do the servicerecognized aa the only man of that party who bad any ohince of carrying any of the North-'>T«BBiy» u4 kia Tmtmnimn.We publi«h«d, on SMorday, a card from theIt ttnr 'OifaUvK, tUa- ihwrei of HHeti domtaooouotedBitht perlMva fee for on groandathe latter clause to the will of the Sicilian people."Republic in theofcharge responsibleSha"-wwJdiweiu to make this claii8e,with the condi-of the Weseized public.aforeaaid, Maann had sailed,and bis royal family. it was said, for Sic-— com- reconcile sec-tjoebae, anM^ H,».Yom,,niv»du,,b^i fiinca"promise points of diSerence,—^toSeceders have acted with afiimlly advanced, al^demanded in the namekpublish•Maaaiooofthesomageattills time and there ;renderingcommon interests, common more secure. It is not;the Southern It was very evident, long before the meeting of the Charleston Convention, that he could only be tbe candidate of a portion of theAmerican bringing the matter instantlythe scandal, therefore, at once, when it as-of Central Italy after VUlafiancapresent, beyond^mmMPR! -^iaiOuoKOoexoB.martB einncr—4H> piuunAnoic. ,Bomb.ir«BiA0K>»1BM«U^^xAHBKATBC—BUTKTCAI.—TBI Paut- Wa/tef, although ft is hoped that some of thomBay have been saved and < anied south. The cU-with aand rest- stant debaucheries sinceenergetle j- Japanese Embassy. The same journal in whicheumsOnMi of the collisioB are to l>e investigated iiLVtWnVB^HtrsECX—AttnuMudKnalic-OoB bytheNavyDepartment.recognitionpositionpertinacityandWhat aa Atlantic of amatory epistles most^,->The Central Park invesUgation was continuad niotica tHCATSK, N*. IV Bnadwsr—Boslit k on Batiuday, when Commisaioner Gaaaa was examined ana defended the action of the general nuungtment of the Park, as well aa against the niUCX 6AB0KII—FaoOBiMt Oemim jun Sobu charges of violating the iaw.-preferted by Hr. DiUAS. Mr. HowABD Dabiils, was also ex- rarwaetOiWKcei aho rouBTH-Avurnx- amined, asd disapproved of tbe plan adopted by ffir*' OttiMUu )txmnUaa. the Coaiimissienera. wliich he thought needlessly O*T->Bi>. J*B»i»' Maoioxl ErrzB- expensive, and doubled the competency and goodarmy emancipatedJiy«y.*'Wtaste of Mr. Olkstbd In 'out tha carrying plan.The investigation will be resumed to-day.assaultwomen ofphia was in question. Although we lutve utteredThe Ginstd!AirAS^«tttBr-Ke. M-Wbsuioc's rsn 8AIUXT The case of the Ftlmmith was continued ooSaturday before United States CommissioiierXXHm- Bbiooham. Several of the crew were examined,the democracya .direct issuetion, and showing cleirly that he mean*our from the testimonyC/mmfiom, Cspt.- FLvrcHaB, • VflkiWBBaUWAT—HNBM'I'UlFincmOAU.IkT. belon^ng to C. TA»n«iLT, arrived veaterday froia Ban Francisco, aia the Straits of Hagellan. and Bio Janeiro, June i. She reports hsviog spoken the new British steamer OnMyfvil, ia the Strata, bound to the Pacific, all weU. The .American steamer Ifamgwuett had sailed from Point ywtenlaT, Bio Iwund South, and aeveral ottier vessels areto the public debt of the 0eBed States dace-NEWS OF THE DAY.great communityTiuBaCeaUer JTdtte, ftato'Uterpool 14th init. •'^jlrttlMAMiWUdiiiMMdrtllNiLAS soon discovered thespeaking for, even before that cause hadbegan history of has been at The sttsasUy EaMgarss left Uverpool aat ft* seventy-one years,l^tS*mfoudsjalateropwafiomEarope. Tha reported. TheepidemicwhichprevailedatBiotosufferharmintheofgreatCity New-York." leastoncewhollyfreedfrom andattwo Ne»-Yu,tsailed heaB» afpkoIafioD of the Neapolitans at Palermotadk on the 6tb. The royal troops. figures. Wheat waa mote freely offered, and wasthe othering the South, apparentlypUee less sought after. Prices were depressed. Com latiriiic with the honors of war from the city was in good request, at rising rates. Hearier eg^gnitted the moat diagiacefal and chaiact«ristic transactions were reported in Provisions andOD their retteat. Qieat efforts were Coflee, Bice, Seeds, Metals, Oils Sugars. Hemp,the Neapolitan Gorenunent to secure and Molasses, were quiet. Cotton was sparingly fioaa tlie contagion of ravolt by luomiaes inquired for, and was somewhat nooiinal. Thesarrendered the which had given him hisours, their character involves the destiny of our conomon country, and their conduct reflectslarge. that no American worthy of the title could have al-fouad that neither oar debt nor is expenditureAnys.arrived at Liverpool at 4:» P. K. sfflM Htk.The f stsaa<b^ avsrs*.J6fsteasssMp Cmminm, tarn Qaebec, uOnj at Uvvpool op the aftaiasoaaf tks Uth. thepassscsaansslfceAflaallo wiaonsHji|iHof a libaRl Ooostttatioa ;AbfcifioaKapoijoh i>ad acceptedamediation<B the Iwais of Neapolitan reforms and The BaltiBiore Conrentioa—The Demo- gf a sepaiata Government tor Sicily an-cannottruth,te • Boaihon Prince •'•atjeetMea^To* •« ft. at Gaiwaysa the aenilavefths IMk.aad It waa tmnond thatmomenttoBuspeotthatany is%t\ ai ft»T»Ai.m, sfter eataWlahing a Pro- tional jealousies and distrusts,—and to nomi-of the public that it be summarily dealt with.The proprietors of the Metropolitan Hotelresponded, for their part, on Saturday, in theBritain, compared wholly insignkcant,'Bhf's army had been concentrated in the two a victory in the coming canvass. It hasmost direct aad downright fashion. 'To-day we ofand Syracnse. In the British Par- X«id JoHM Bdbbul's Beform bill had dieda card from tbe highestvery authority,foreign fabrics,about three himdred millions to sixfy millions annually collected by the Government of theUia to be hoped that the interview may have the most of the Southern States, and that he willthat theParty, while it is no more(00)1aresenthimThe bifurcated Democracy closed their labors atBaltimore, on Saturday, by the nomination of twodistinct tickets for the Presidency and Vice- wouldPissidency. The secession movement was "per- Douglas. Many of them are open Disunion- fected on the commencemeut of balloting in theregular Convention,—Gen. Ccshisg, the Chair- ists, and look to the success of the Republi- man, with a portion of the Massachusetts Delega- rans as the opportunity which will enable gation, jcnning in the- stampede. The ba-lotfns "then proceeded, and resulteo, on the lirst trial, in them, in Mr. Yaxcet's phrase, to plunge thethose who wrote them. Toaxv is an excellent boy, and has not been spoiled by all the efforts that haveThe Neapolitans cammlttad atrocitiea. Thrae greathundred kooEei were bornt by tke ia Neapolitansonly one quarter of the town, as well as several caa- vents at the moment of retreat Womea and chil-clammyBnoxmiDei, of Kentucky, and 24 for Mr. Dice- came into office was to annex Cuba. Timeguerreotypeblue hair and golden ej'es, or golden hair and— Piesklent was taken and resulted 81 for Mr.or anwe may be sure, willEngland, in 185'),pendingm««,of.Kew-Toik. Those voting for Dickis- and grief have modified his aspirationsbea one, much longer than those who long<Mt amIHMUMDM.was declared nominated. Gen. Jo.'arfltiirew their candidate, asd Mr.hiMM waa iMmlnated for the Vice-Presidency by cure the defeat of his hated rival.kmi-fiot thought of the matter—as journalists o nHmtj in detail, have probably so much asreached &71,Si01,000. being thefirst fiscalaeel—minii. The proceedings of both Conven-tions were characterized by considerable enthu-siasm. On Batnrday night the delegates returningNe*r>Tork will have no such Japanese accountIhOBODoklaS at nb leaidencs, accompanied by a great.tiand of citizens and a band of music, for theare the joi«tattthQia«f .i)M diatiqa«B tf tltBi »J«to e^ntemplate as Baltimore. The Baltimo- more than this for that us,VHBB have not even yet recovered from their meat at finding that their authorities hadby wayofVaahington,called Senator upon\pur- post of giving him a serenade. Mr. DocOLaa "wa'e a few remarks appropriate to the occasionmany simpletons should be found whose honor anddiminishedcustomsrevenue of thetfce Preddential tickets now in the lield are\!k imn^igggTHrtMBaa voted to defray the expenses of the Japa- curiosity and so many parents, whose add, from *63,875,0(Ki in 18.ri7. fell to *•» 1,789,- London.; supervi- the of wasfoUows;wUKtrcelyhanfetaea to BMeReception. TheCouncihnenofNew-York sionoftheirchildrenisso and 000in 1858,and had onlyrecovered toii'.i,- CountAqiiia.unci*of King Naples,•nr ^Tti^yanr Vtce-frtsidtni•JoHH C. Biscxoriboi, of Ky.Jossre Lasx, of Oregon. «ATie»At. CSIOH.havebeenalreadyexpended,itisnomoreeasy are"/in expenditure or the creationof sersioo,theGovernment,withtlieviewofpsavsntlagfurther waste of time, iras rflmtantly ooaapeiled tothe fsr- withdraw measure. He promised to biiacml. 5!!?£5Ly ^^ HW-JTWMtlU.the landsexpendedupon whose allpublic rejoice fii'ty-fiveSt^SSLL""?*for statesmanship, he mands of selfish sectionalists who caredfascination.ofoa withdrawal of tbe blU, aad even Hr. Buosx said kethe - iUMBUy alaposoScWv??*'*Queensy is living, the too ready credence which they band's foreign guestonlyall necessitynue or tariff system,liquidated altogether.gg»jg «T«giving power publiclands,cannotbeforj* t'jy toof thetfao power toandto the knowledge 'which everybody has, charms of Pasis and those of afrequentMinistrytrusted tkat the nobUcIBSSt copsMlered, theby fever at Milan,BowAan, danghterbarbarities at Palermo, vAiA Wtoe real- perp«tr»»dly a disgrace to the present age. He kaUevad tkat the Government of Naples had appededto ttoalliestoguaranteepossessionernment had arrlvsd atwhat the feellag of to« It was unnacessMT » »ay *« «•t»^*w.' ftiSSnSt^n. *P'ia?*?S*.J"'"*Se^lad,"J*"of those vessels. Amessage was re-looks its idolbetter for all con- him" becauseThey lovepersons stealing newspapetsfrom tha doors of sabscrU>ers.volt, they to friendly appealed*".P»««^ •f^J^v!•••«a«tfc»jBjBehepubhc printing lortvtorebome, thenceforward, any upon it, he would have been the whole party almost enough to iden-••-upon imaginationsaircBucAH.AsaAaAM Lraooui, of IlUnoia.Mef4 slight superficiatormented "executive silly anin 185;'. whiletheappropriations of stronglyurging;beadoptionofanItalianpolicyanaArPruulMtnr Vict'PretidaU. .Bmaau. HAwj9,of Halne.a result, ^iJtfbr win inflict no such perilous surprise, we- may that when fhe much56-5,000Congress demanded during these (hree yearsGo»ernment of tJKBAT BRITAIN.Bisuua sxaocaAiic.championstiipMr. BccHAKAji's act was one of moral cow- The City appropriated thirty thousand dol-ardice. Ue succumbed to the menaces of lars, to be spent upon the entertaininent of our how destitute of all just preparation for the 001,000 in 1858,of $^>^,8T^,0'.'0 in 18.'i7. *7I,-Snpaxii A. of lUlnoii. DocoiAs,Et^!"*^Wr rtet-Prendmt. .Bmj. FnzrAiaica, of Alabama.and^O.-llC^OdUin IS-W.In the House of Cemmons, on the 11th, Lord Jobs Rc»siu. annooaeed that, aa there was but very little prospect of the Hafotm bQl bsiag passed tfcJssaoassioH BsitocaAnc.Southern politicians. Having neither the men- tal grasp nor the moral instinct to perceive the strength of the position he had before assmaed,The foregoing remarks and comparative fig- Oriental visitors. How much of this sum may duties and trials of womanhood their daughters ures are not designed to encourage or jiistilj'EVSESTT, of MaSS. lacking* •^tl» President on Saturday sent a Mes?»ir« to reliance upon himself,like all who politiciansthings driveling Greece the away with her hus- the wildest fancy must admit a difference between theor millions a year, as it ought to be, notwsrdaoewbill at the serliest next session.could not blam* theofpohaMtjat tha*''*HomesteadbiU. Heof their visit.In the heroic of Mkselaus ranprapMMt-to ibMMa»a UH ;(» aaHrer the deslrsdrepre- eated to be either a bero, an Adonis, or alabors.It met to nomiBate a Presidential can-officers,withoutWe'neednot at go,atrtvedsteamihlp A<riatte, from4ka ma Mr.the very seriousCroMjM pHfaaUoB defeated;, Baan, «f-VM(.T«rfe, oecaptod the riaie of ika House in Comalttaa of tfao Wholes in answer to a peadk asada soBa' thne mo brllx. Nauoa, «him the nomination as thecharge made by a jour-^iM8—t-OMfflng foni«»botna»Sidliaa Insundte.eilisans geaef- *Ut, aai BMaaa OhthaUea in panicolar.Oiftadthe arrival of the appearedupontherepuU- ciotts andbaa been leeciTeA lespoetini theintellect—beingBOmbates penoDs of the Ouhed Btatos ttaaraerthis wholesale attackJatailiteDcehis temperamentbut nothing material elicited. The testimony is now all in, and the OonuniBsioner wiU decide the case probably on Ktmday.The Iron SteamerNorthatn sentiment In hU favor, and then comptl Hie 8onth to acqui- esce in his nomination. The game was bold and maniy, but it was also hazardous. No ever likes to be bullied intomovements ia other branches of trade were re- stricted.lowedhimselfforalarge portion of his countrywomen were grave-cmUcCaatUdates.The Baltimme ConTentioa has closed itsoffended the South toat evenStates.DemocraticParty.extreme in order to carry beyond South, perad-ventnre the Cotton States, leaving Douglas toto one or a dozen OrientaIs,traveling about theQuebec.Johns, our Thedidate, and to adopt a platformble object waa to harmonize the party, tocousins over theof contrast on both the points referred to. TosaynothingofthePublicDebtofGreat atQaeeBstowBOBtkasMoiacorewlUk.as he could in the North, and thus to carry the election into Congress. But byhave taken a candidate too thoroughly identified with the Administration to be popu- hatreds, and nom- lar anywhere, and not stifficiendy strong atTheir is to insure the running of object plainly{heir electoral ticket at the North, for the sakeSBM of any nacasslrT for fii(tlier progress in the assembly at all. It was not a conference of ofof all these His lordsliip had annonnced that things. It has divided and demoralized themake such•f Paleia*Thecapitolationwaa ngaed at Palermo sb the CtbofJnsa.4^.fiiaaitisii.tke Ooretameat would poatpone tlM measure till— and made more prominentUnited States.pose a considerable measure of taxation, buteven with theirparty, sharpenedtks sect aeaaSoD, and toe announcement had been its differences of principle, aggravated itstheyour States im- True, separatene«i<t4 with (anaral apparent gratification. Moilanit* and onpreteiiding as the proposed billdispatch says of lbs terms of eapttatatta. whole gionnd, and working of representative insti-Nxw-YoBi, Saturday, June 23, 18W. the New-York Timtt:supporttntior s Inhas seriously weakened thespeciallyThe Convention was not in fact a deliberativelb the Edittr Although greatof government the governmentEnf^and, .^bhofmaatintaUigentfiiglishmenln the exisc-of aGreat Britain ;and this foraccomplished exactlytheoppositefightbyI—VMoobiedty waa, the recent agitation of the inated two candidates, each of whom wiU aim, the South to be certain of any Southern State. misrepresentedA Turinthat the Na^MUtaa troops are to e^Mik wlfk (hek-sectional andpersonalodiously exaggerated it TliiscardIsasfollowsof annually imposedand to defeat the other. primarily,hereofthirty-tlu'ee State sovereigntiesdraw off enough votes in doubtful Northernsectional, is much more compact, and betterhis only course is to deliver them to the executive officer, which he faithfiilty does, and every day there Is a pile a foot high, thatIt isis upon the point of devouring her Teutonic neigh- States to prevent their voting for Douglas. able to assume the responsibilities of adminis-withborsalongtheRiiine, Thecommercialnew:;by this anival is not of special importance.They hope in tliis way to carry the election into Congress, and failing in that, to secure thetering the Government than any other.The Cost of our Whistle.We are apparently dealing with our Japan- ese friends on the faith of tlie old Scotch catch of " Whistle and I'll come to you, my lad!'' We are certainly determined to woo the coyyear. The damage done by tke boBbardaMat of Paisnaa are read and sent back to the parents of PiEBCE managed to spend sixty-four miliions, was immease. The Tressury was destroyed.success of Liscolx—votes being cast for Ur. Douglas, the whole cotton States into revolution." Others, whoher kobangs, her tea and herlacquer ware for our cottons, calicos and from the odium so wantonly thrown uponsteam engines. This is reasonable enough, them. But it is not a very agreeable state- millions sterling to sixty-three millions, adding Royalists, and then abandoned.173^number oeing 212 V.duced declaring Mr. Docglas duly nominated bya two-third vote ; the desire for another having been temporary defeat and exclusion from office the expressed from the Southern section of the Con- best medicine for the Democratic party, andit waa accordingly ordered, and resultedvention, will look to 18(i4 as certain to bring them in 181^ votes being cast for Hr. Douglas, the res'.being scattering. Mr. Douglas was then de- united councils and renewed success. They elaiM ncminated, and the Convention took a re- tiill spare no effort, therefore, to defeat Doug-ease. On reassembling. Senator FitzrATRicii. ofAlabama, waa unanimously nominated as the can- las, and whatever of influence may remain to 4idaie for Vice-President. The seceders met at the .\dministration will be remorselessly andchangingof our visitors jA resolution was then intro-!IIIgoneyears,increasiagtheytheir way. Oianla wastke» noon, and oiganized by the choice of Mr. Rus- unscrupulously used in aid of the same object.43,002,000anx, of Tirgloia, aa temporary Chairman. A re- Mr. BrcuANAK is not a man ofeeaa waa taken until 6 o'clock, when the perma-nent ornnization was perfected by the choice of sions, but all the hatred of which his cold and Gaub ClTSRilia as President. Aner considerablepreSmhiaTy talk tiie first ballot for a candidate forhe is a and because he has been Mongol boy,Ignited States In 1899 56,M1,0«0sacri- of the Constitution to ficed his party and his friends to the de-OitSAiu coogratolated theGovemmeatsayt, mistake general provisions of this bill,intriguedays thoughbut to save changes in our reve- and to have the otherthe bi Qm ooerastherhilwilid to Mn««a«ifefiamHn>he.BHU sum asked for the landmust beat least inhavewould Cor-them aMKlh»1BF-MMty^Te eenu per acre, with agiveawavattributed,;donat-l»ftb»m. He c sumait Congress does not yosifsi the power tomate money to States or indNdoals, and thai compton Constitution,—and tliat once in, as tUswouldbethecaseinsodlapaaingofthemeans shewouldhaveherfateinherownhands,the ofpig-tailed Mon- our ownand promised in tkat the bill would be reeelvsda fairer mmnnMr ky tbe House.Mr. Baioaxalaoantendtatoadeieaoa ef the com-mercial treaty^rtlh Praaec asd javtested acatort tke misiepmsiilsliniioftke Tisus opon the sobject Be predictedfliessastbsasficialresultsfromthetreaty.Obike ia Lord PAUoasna IStk, the Commons,creditforfive he yeacv—fraoldtoover. He liopedcoald be forced into the Union with the Le-money has been put,experimentthat the lelarive position of the United States to other great Powers in reference to debt andjmblic "longerAnd but for Mr. Douglas, it is veryterasmildly possible,quiteCourt, ownday,lias chosen toliveequivalent idi, aa a general_oftbe [command of a set mennot havefoolish andTk 1°* ">UJt»»y bounty lands, as h reduced interest.received in the re-It is uncersioodstated that In ordai to ailbrd shelter to persons claim-pnncipal point of debate^^'^—preposterousinthecontrastbetweentliegush ofJoHWHowAJtr,Es<j.,ofBiooUyii,andnieceofJ. " "was also *S•^.iLj^tej'S Hoaie^sola-'*ero was evssr Gov- a similar determinaUeo.ofpercwu. lb BCBise requested the PrenJem toranish, at the next session, aU theJ^^^B as to the dirooaition made by the British"ardent adaiirers of Tomrr" young ladies who are so prompt to over-British Govaraaeat was on such a matter. ""Overnmeot, of the Afiieans rescued by the cruisers {ron slave vessels, and of the officers andnot to make this sum by subscrip- wheUn tiiis little Oriental notoriety with vowsfault of Govammenfs likethose of Nsptos aad Rome.*;t"mendment at oUsh-provocation offered, that the phe- number of invitations. ThU tion. It coimects itself at once with a ver>'the NeapoUtan Crown,refused to Interfsse, awlressoB to believe tkat tbs Fraash^,?tion, and hadfurther warfaremade the nominee ofby acclamation. He had doneas well as m Brooklyn.principle,mightprovedteiectcd. 21nearly ten thousand beinginformationlars. The mostBritishare thoroughly with the principle of tion ;likelyand as theup Citythat when tkalr cnielUesdrove theh"*ff*i«ipreferwho has since been unable tohis expenses within sixty millions, though itfor unquestionably they that result to the election ofbeen made by crinolineare not prepared for such an issue, deem anature isupon Mr. Douglas. His ambition when het1Oi« resohite andiBjo-of the Illinois Senator. l>e sure, upon their constituents.onlynaval officer" forwards to them the missives inflicted upon his ward, do they learna liberal Constitution tor theNaplaa."*"• °f TennesMe.i°TM — — no JSftlTAKD faith in the people, and havinghow much of it has beenJapanese themselves and the legitimate objects strange and exotic exert a kind ofdebt at home.to see the one brought within fiftysusceptible;Washington maiden," eyes, is, certainly, rather a pitiable piecebut reflect withyJtamiMta^i'-'niim^mmi-^iCpjlcd to expend more than two-thirds of the sell-respect lie thus at the mercy of a maudlin Goverimient, whichweas well now claims.may A Neapolitan Envoy was on bir way to Parts aadaffair would arouse a storm, but he believed it wouldsoonblow thatKansasgainBothing for either.revenue. Thetollwasalso totheunjoat contestcouldno bemadeoneofnationalas eccentric from lish in ourtamr value, and made anbetvreen Americans and foreigners by prohibiting probable that his calculations might have -hiuTf^'?.'^8le,fromavailingofItsbenefits, provedcorrect. Mr.DocGLAaresistedhispol-thestandardcommonlyextremelyhideousSheikh,in anArab heiress of the greater porlhr oftba the eveatual^^JJpSjiSlT^*^- Af«« considerable debateicy as perfidious, and in direct hostility to hiswas sustained uents, and returned to the Senate.tWnk p^teness requires him to do for a guest. ilar idiocy on our own side of the water M. R. H. GisaiTT, M. C, from Virginia, Let os hooe that tWi celebration of Independence Day lasy But thia is clear—that how much soever may would hardly reflect any special discredit bond of union between the Empirethe Bay of Naples. He uadenrtood that an Eavoywas on his from Naples to Paris snd Loadsa. wayand Government would not hesitate to ezprass to Uto those feelings with which they, in conusoB Witt ev-of the biU ffi^^JT '^°'^'"* "failed for want cf a two-out of theaad4he Old Bominion.Private advices from Italy annooBce the deathof Misa Anna!r^'SSSL**y^.««notwith-have been ah»ady paidliberal bids fair the wholeupon the female commtmity of the United Sttteunjust disctininatiODing the ptolactlaB c( the British fiag, theAdmiraltrownthe Democratic Party. He succeeded in hispledgeaand to the of recognized principlesD?^e a fre=l>warfare upon It,If .Judge Douglas liad stopped there,the ballery person throughout the country,had been content with the brilliantof the two SdBtosreolt^ovictoryhe had achieved at home, and the onqtiestionable triumph he had secured over the Administra-expensesmay be rated at five dollars perasdof this sad termination of a tour be-himselfCMved from the President recommending the Popular Sovereignty, while he had not forced sooner or later, the sooner the CityabsolutelytifywilltwoHe knew thepart,that a large sumoffor the entertaiimient of our visitors, at;water,onThe steamship Aii#to-S4u»«, fco«The steamAip Jtawois, 6,» SouthsnptoB oa tbe 1401,'_byhis constit-^propriation,sum voted. It is a moderate estimate of the of tender missives to which our corre- H. RATMtsu. 1" 1" **•• Principal of the PolytechnicVSlUmaithis cenvletlon, in the absence ofproprietors of the U^tropolitan Hotel,deayiag omewbatlesslMiffliiiatinftotheauthora. But'it has endedcognizancesmned the intolerable shape in which it wasceitun that they Embassy,) few, if any, of theOWiidof the question. Even Mr. Bright ac- hopes and common aims. It was, from the have succeeded even in this. Douglas has a Certain reporters leeai not to consider that they have^UitaHRie doubt that aU parties were delighteddelegates iutvingquitereportsgreatconfederatedPower, equalto that^ffescedoutset,very strong position stronger bySouthsentiment as he can lose Administration.North,it in the active commerce or the world.carryingtrade ofin the action of the Ministry on this sub-a duel of hostile sections.The Southat the the hatred andmade all theismI in behalf of the Commercial Treaty witnHmw.aranarkablespeechwasdeliTeredon anddetermined,fitillnginthat,tobreakitup.Km Uth inthe House of Commons by Lord Palv- The Administration shared alike its ambitionWKtlM, ia which he openly denounced the con- and its hatred, and lent it what little aid itsAiet at tlie Keapolitan GoTermnent in Sicily,aat declared that Governments like those of enfeebled condition would permit. The Northpersecution'^Mme and Naples were tbemselves the au-tkmand instigators of revolntion." He also aa-aooneed that Austria had peremptorily reftised totetarfere between Naples and Sicily. The Great pose to use it. There were some among them Battem had retanied from a trial trip, in whothegreatbodyaho did not succeed in equaling her OA-n egates were determined upon the nomination ifood of last year. Blie was finally advertised of Douglas at every hazard and at whatever— thevrtll embark with anas aadhoped whick ahe seems to liave excited the ad- —compro- of the Northern del-totion men,action,haveis not but has rattier been in- diminished,creased in the last decade, we hold this inter-hasIt is stated that the KeapoUtaa Govenasat halmbatlon of her New-York pilot, although mise, ^butKaPOLKOK ami the Ffmce-nei^ent of Prussia, tiomwhidi nave political results were to ue cxpecied.has very greatly increased the cltMces ofjidone,amours,ASairs;Cauri, lathe Homecame, goaded by long years of suffering servi- tude, superior in force and resolute in its pur-brilliant The proceedings at Baltimore, factious character of t>oth Conventions, the recklessness of principle, and the selfish devo-A Taxisdiqiatch says, tbat aeeordiag to Ibe tsiBs sTa chance would arise forwhich marked their demoralized the party and disgusted the coun- try. There will be at the outset some little enthusiasm at the nomination of Douglas,— but it will not be backed up by any earnest con-age,vrithwliomhe acquainted In that city. Toairr does receive love letters fi-om foolish young ladies, but he immediatelyto leave Southampton for Kew-York on the Iiitb,and to make the passage in about ten days.In thi3 case we may expect to see the mon- vented, the South auid the Administration re- viction of his superior qualifications for thester in our harbor in the course of the solved as tbe nest step to defeat him at the place, or any confident expectation of his sue- upon it, Mr. Editor, that the Naval officers in charge next forty-eight hours. A meeting was to takeplaceatBadenonthe15th,betweentheEmperor pollscost. Finding that this cotild not be pre-incomeandotherto the extent of nearly or ijuite one hundred Europe master of Sicily.strong pas-—andTheof a " with expenditure between these dates, were, in give their consent.is concentrateddance to our pipingthe piper afterwards without a wry faceif he canThe fact is Mr. Bccuanan and Mr. DouaijtB begum to suspect. We may depend upon it thatofof sorrow, upon the vista thus opened to us of Mr. BccHAN'AX's .Administration, closingof female imbecility. Have our Public Schools June -50, 18-58. That our Public Debt, which tlon of a ConstlttitioD similar to that of Franca wasbe will leave hisandprosperity done nohend ifhim, possible.post contented,se-amazement,jj^if heof this festivity to assume that they spondent testifies in the ease of tliis Japanese Institute, ia the same city. Hits Howaao was aof thet^Jtotorter-General may provide for the transpor- tility against him. He had the heart of the concemed. " anticipated is half the papers. In the instance of a greattkat they themselves iiailiaslsad tkeeaoaa of their suthorsaadlnstJgalorsofthsm. ^..^«U aenoonctd that•«2«io»,tatim e( the Pacificpresent law,sothat theinto any open and embittered hos- obligatians in the face fhe TroubIe|Tiaas In his possession. We isentioa this matter revotalto., forgetttagthe Southmalls on reasonable terras. Northern Drmocjacy, ^ai was tmiversally averted," says a very venerable proverb.have gtvea candidate ofregularnal of thisBat, Kr. Douglas has no ftith in standing house to be made the scene of gross and con- thehoetof his worriilpers. If tfaUtbeaUthe PrognsB (rfto create an irrealstiWeabsordfywe supposewe will;agreeofpounds sterling to her budget for every dollarGasisalsi has issued a decreeto aims between the ages of 17 and 90.all Sleillaasthe Democraticthat,they had permitted thefrSouth is of this kind.effect of his rashness, andsoughtto remedyit byhisspeechonthetoand the sensitive on any pointespeciaUy Mr. Doug-disposeda ;dondeiTyoathe -«J large sum, and by home comparison 141k,becanse oar in Its brief her way ts tloabee. Governmentdoing anjthiDg;appear 'it is soConspiracy bill,other periods neariy so.to Naw-Yotk.way,to institute aforeign comparison, it jrlll beIMh.Bsstsa «U Bakta.very principlestrength in the Northern States.in amomt to be ashamedthing in its natora to indicate an alvmiiig orformidable of national degreethe proffered sacrifice came too late,and proved fortunately as harmless in the onesection as it was useless in the other. Mr.In all serionsness we venture tosaydeal more malice than wisdom. It waa supposed that they would s^ect a candidate from theand it is for tliis specific object that cess in reaching it. The action at BaJtiaiceMinistarOffice and Finaaoaa ;;their ticlcet has been put in nocnination. Their belief is that Beeckineidgk willin generalcarryOasun, Minister of War and Abb£ Cougsi, Hinls- ;ter of Religloas Worship.positively asserted that Gaxoaui boad millions a Mr. £960,000 tterUng in tbe oofEers of tke Tceasary.Thegoodwith -which omr debt is the excises which that Government imposes upon the people, and the customs which she levies npon tbe consnmers;to disposed ignorethe fact ttiatwe have used it, there will be no great harm done. But in order to this consummation we had better make up our minds at once that the said whistle Is to be a pretty expensive one. We shall pipe to the Japanese to-niglit, for instance, and no doubt tliey will do their best, polite and amiable creatures that they are, tobut are we ready to payin Federal money which we have added toThat it should be cotmted among the duties ours. Reducing the whole to our currency, Fifty vessels of war were in tke Koads of Palermo.for us to ascertain than it would be to find outNo doubt there are foolishfemales in allextravaganceWhen scandalous stories float out from the atmosphere in which the Embas-of toexhaust,ofitselfalone,veryneariyStates.something so extremelythousand personsrepresented iA thesum ofgives us the twenty-fiveParty.vigorousnaturallyand resolute in hisCity,Criefatoa. He is a mom, aad aotfaing more, testill.leukpurposes, he has no confidence in the popular fion of a respectable hotel and its inmates, minute?or a principle. He furthermore asserted withwins ail his victories by steady fighting—by empliasis tliat the progress of the Embassy await, for example, tbe Priaoe ofWalxs, shoold ooDstaotpushing—byhardblows,followedup eversinceitsarrivalinthiscountryhadbeen thatRoyalyouth,unprotectedbyany"exec- to the very aioment of surrender. With him disgraced by the Uke conduct, and claimed to utive naval officers," rashly venture to pat him- to stand siill, to rely upon what he has al- have possessed a fuH and e^clt knowledge self within reach of that ofof aofready done, b neither easy nor safe. He this fiict from the beginning, altlMugh for schoolgirls whichfrared theNorth would forget his fidelity un-some mysterious reason it had forborne to callslip-shodPalsMrtih iiupon the South—courting with the Administra-Washington,Baltimore andPhiladel-We reAmed, a fisw dayssiancea which gave rise to, and ubseqaeadyoo her «*w-To(k.-Wtcf tothe defeat of Douglas all thethe supportofkeepingBagUib Adssltal tmUI flw <His chances of success, however, are notcowa- politans >-ni-gTitheby hostilityof the'The la Neapolitan tnoia Sidlywhosehe wrote aattention to the scandaltreatise on Popular Sovereignty—stomped more important than the good fame of theless he kept en proving it Ohio, making openofwhile nothingus!So and offenaivopublic«PnbUc Deku of Great States.head for fiveand thenomenon deserves to arrest oar serious atten-singular gracesbut Austria bad twUy persnpButfraoi at Uverpool at 6 A. K. o( the lUh.first against the trifling and silly sentimentalism with which the^aameattended, the issue ofStates Treasury Bills, now authorized by Coa- gress to bo fuaded. This sum, and a simi-our national name. Had we suspected this tobe the case we should have beenthink the cause of common decency worthyear 1867, raisingpresentnaid'SSipaB^rf tbirmmmm. Isfithe women of ourand for the sake of appeas- cities are American women, their fame isdebt,Bat when we comeSeathaafi^ la te aaU 'patke«btkevm,for good <fr ill on the name of America atanythingof,orany-DouoLAS held his position as the only candi-date who had positive Northern strength, but ly compromising themselves by their behavior tion, we can, at least claim that tlkere is other bavtar besa iHssWwl as As washe had sothis fact proved unavailing indeeplyThe stsasssUp bcm anaa,is covered, and the truth in regard to this extremely unpleasant story stated, with scanty consideration for those who have so and;grotmddeal of nonaense has been writ ten about Touht, (third interpreter to tbe Japaneseof tbe has been eSscted.deserve notice.done their Huty to their employers unless ttiey Indite an article that wHl create a sensatloa, and so fire- tuently pervert tha teuth to pander to the tastes of tboae wito take a newspaper, not (or the general informa- tion it contains, but to read the scandal which is too beqaently permitted to appear lii its columns. Permit one who knows to ssy that there Is no truth whatever la the scandal of Tobht having an araour of any kind since he came to this cotmtry. His far- famed attachment to a young lady In Washiogtonand aof Great Britain in popniation, and superior toand if the pobllc does its duty as faithfully as the Naval Commissioners have done theirs, there need be no fear of demoralizationresponsible guardiansnot to be ment to be made an American officer byand ifunhappy about tbe cost of our whistle after rank, or to be read by the American public.;among the Japanese.This statement dispels the grosser aspects ofwhichIt'Ott, dren,:arms aadembaifcation on the JtMrtt A^nas.from theNiphon by all sorts of enticements into ex- fhe story to which it alludes, and relieves the may fall below Uiat sum. Yet England has The Caiini Palace was sacked aad buraed. Assupposed to wear in his fond bosom the da-points yearly ofBourboD, subjectsomethingand our nationalsomething morethe dau^ters of the model Republic sois the;golian, we may yet fairiy doubt whether BtLzstaken. HeBut we hold It due to mslly declare wliAt It expected before Sie next sse-strangeahead in the same tenthe annual cost of her Government from fiftyretired tbe soldiers set fbe to allletters " a foot higli," addressed by loolish Great Britain in I&'iO *3,r)0,ouo,ooo t^cited States in 1850 «4,2a«>,000young ladies to a Mongol boy, merely because Great Britain in 1SS9. 4,012,000,000»r ('OT<.-t DmCDt..t2ol,l36,000 diation proposed by Naples. Tke condtttOBS318,399,000 ation ate a liberal eonstitaaoafor Naples, a setatate66,34e,000 Govemmeat for Slciljr, under the Prince ofthe Henslessnotions less false had the Prince of Troy been a son of taxation should net be misapprehended.ofhospitalityanddecencyare,toputthemat- Greece. One«fthereigningbelies'oftheEng-Perseeal.that Miss Srsvaxs, o! this Citj'amongdue, as we explained before, toa loan for Sicilv, or to contract any debt, aad adds that he ha: in Sicily immense means to satisfy allwith anspectable circles of New-York. There is no desert, rather than with a handsome British vast Stevens estates, in this *'.»<« and ia .\ew-Jeiasy. had btea directed to stadeo a ship of war at Messtaa.knowingwhatanaverageCouncilmanmayEarlathome;andafewsporadiccasesofsim- Utobemarriedonthe4thofJulyaeit,toHon. anotheratMarsala,aaottwratPaletno,aadfouriaCity's to-nightBut there ishad rs atke garuethousand dol- important side of our domestic life. TheIhave to meet itof adoration knowthat he is a theyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069nothing of their "Untitled Document.butnotoriety.have read his name in OBs of them bad W aad the other 19 ooDies of tbetoputa/.Sd^ the aatkors "l "^J^f^we^rle SIkIathst sstaaOsrs mayhero or caftaioj of a modem ^doois or occsskmal fsllaies to ncctr* the paper.i tks »team*ipW»"JIJBuchanan,bringjIishopedyearsoagfattoescapeburning booses,fate of such as "Tomnr," what 4elages of ten- der twaddle must descend npoa man aaapi-training and par PiiiUd rental neglect seem to be rearing up araangIf IiUfuii LndIf we with strictthe sum totalfor theis not one-third the eost ofbacfife. Tbayare ta SBBsmp HU iksir The Feet of Castexpensesgovernment added,twenty millions DaiteAto laka tketotal to $65,000,000. To oar people this laay LlveipMl at SK P. M. af tbe IM, eaDsi at Ttaadd that there nothing|of corruption in Oeir administra-little diffictdty encoimteredin itaaxposore, aa there ought to be none in its'itmiinary cor- rection.We are notEngland is burdened with a National Debt of four thousand millions of dollars, or eight him- dred and two nullions sterling, the yearly in- terest or maintenance of which absorbs twen- ty-eight of the sixty-three millions sterling an-amounts to his carrying a daguerreottrpe of a pretty nual expenditure. But as the principal of this the Forts of Falerno for teasoos not knewa. ThU little girl, under I2;earsof becamepresents them for perusal to the executive Naval est to be a permanent charge upon the Govern- decided upoa coaceotiatiag aU the military fsreas atofficer in charge of the Embassy, who either throws them in the fire, or incloees them to the parents of the indiscreet younjr ladies who forget what is due to the cliaracter of their countTTWomen. You may dependment, involvingthe continual of im- Syracuse and Ilassioa, because by preserviag tksse necessitystrongpositionsit hopestoappearIn Oeeyesof sfillj ofthe Japanese will faithfully defend them, as theymillions a year, or twenty millions in sterling,GABiBALai is said to have appointed a FrovMoaalwith Baron Govemmeat, Bosabo,invasions of crin- Lincoln's election, by convincing the country' the comfort or reputations of those whom it is ttieirciis- ex- penses of that Government attained tlieirduty to protect. ToitMr cannot help it if love-letters maximum, more than ours. We anyfromoline, and an} tnljig they may cun^^Uer injurious tofortysterlinghave heretoforeposing stamp,personal taxes,addition to over lums and e.xcise.millions .Nor have theof Foreignalongleaving a budget of seventy-one millions for the first year of his unhappy successor. Mr.highestintermediateof to tbecondition that theSicUiaasforty-threethat for fhe fiscalcloses in a few days, (June 30,) the sum totalwho were killed..of medi-the Russian war, when the total reached S4i;j,52o,(KX). and in the United States, 1857—38, when our totalIt is reoorted that Xizsitn had embarked farSicUy.Tbe Satdtniaa GovsraAeat liad ordered aUtkelrfleet, and all authortties aloag flw coast, to appre-extravggance. Thefor a fiatr standard atyearexpected ihortlv.fell to f25,000,1X10 at the close of 18-j7, has Bsa-GASisALiit had addressed a letter to S%aor since gone up to ft5-),000,00o in 18eu, TiM, authorizing him to make advances or negotistoexpenditureofyoung ladythe InteUlgencegun under the brightest aasplces wUi be received with sincere sorrow by a large circle of friends intieit- York,Btcallsia Payer*.We have frequent complainta of niiesing papersla the Fifteenth Ward. 'WUhls the last two weekshave been arrested in that Ward forWe should heartilyof popular government tion,attractions, andSoutkamptaarimiisissil Iblii Tsfcl ts ilsj ta"flhsesaew- tlonofPsJeimobrfheKayal troops will lualials to-morrow. The troops which have ees-Castellamare sadGaata.AN^ilestelsgrani,oftiiel*tk,sayBwUl beIrated In Syracusei^lSMliia aad Agaata. The Nea-c^>ltiilationtke KngUsh ware teapsndlr to eeeairclaose, however,not been put lato ezeeotiaa.Hsw-rork. «itvt«booses tato tks given up pillage by.V Naples dispatch, of the ttk, says, the proisalga-calling www.fultonhistory.com 