 ,—a journalist sacrifices no inconsidera-theiranywarrantGov. MoRGA.v, in his message, presentsrShtcn.dependence of conviction, he must not look to see his most earnest words reach and move the thousands of hiaM.r not physical science. We do not apeak of such rates aa the companies having the mon- Southern platfitrm, ahMMhaimm^fmnf9t^iaAThey were permanent and irre- ;ita ;w^to mind agreeHis views, however, do not seem to findpuMWtingof passengersmeasure, there-SBtara at greatinto the histoT and naturetheBut why should they be unduly taxed,KaMtVMkiylis not so ticketed'? tTerailway management, route in twenty days. In view of the actual BepublicanParty 1ftKjHPdntBIiTBB-OMuaBiiva. IjiMit "'IVOKLSTS—laOTB Amunpartisancountrymen. The partisan Press is an inrtita-butofa bad which swindltaig, practice is'pnn-ofthat lineopoly choae to Insist on.Chariestoii, Mr. Sawaaa «BMdubiooa dispatch, I ta oar inne of yetterdsj moining, of an t of the Legislatoie imtil Hay, in oider I mif intaation of the Gorenior to pocket ttfMflroadUlIi, WBS broaght to an untimely endfj^t 'IPieet mentioDed inthey cannot heal the sick, preach, paint {ric-and immediateof the interior.win have hia cholcer-to read —a Hev-T|^«4M'< -:'ehaizmcter to warrant his flo tha hilla. The veto was laid on thefortunatelyforumaelveawehavetatfto E^rm*and noae ofBtotovery good specimen a'jfit;iIt is true that our la- contemporary apparentlyversal admission and attention, have therein paved the way for those long— hopedforandvitalchanges ^thoseimprovedadaptations, functions and processes, which are every day becoming more standard and re- liable. There is good reason to believe that one quarter, and in many cases one half, theagreeable dlsi^ipointment -vetoed the City R^lroad bills.done what he could to save our City from the most oppressive net-woik of monopolies everI'Aaseinblyare wanted, and that those—working that art which,When the" ~hammer their track to pieces by 26-ton eagioes tionaland lumbering cars to. do the work whfoh 6-ton have to austahi an ocean service from New- eommimtnatinn ia t^rInalitute Library,ferred. A new seal was adopted for the nse of the Board. The Committee oa the new County JailtheyDauua. jl«fof which he-has waa re- charge,have differed New-Orleans. that the BepabUcaasJVOBOUaaanAkfvMlikal<»tM wasdiiectadtosubmiteatimateaofthe r«<«yMaMMMr.Pilm,lBvnpp<>n,( coatofthework.probableengines would do as well, at third of the cost, and when they persist in tills practice, defyingYork andOn the 11th^i> imiiiThe City Inspector reports that 461 deaths oc- "ViW- curred in the (aty last week, which is an hicrodseof .]l<>.'3T'et the number which took plsce daringthe week preceding. There were 466 sod 401deaths^ respectively, during the corresponding portion of 1868 and 1869.The Anther examination of hum aad'Hnn,.the fiiat and second mates of the bark Amu, forthe aUmedUliaif of a portion of the crew, haabeen iiklefinitely poa^xmed. Two of the six chargea have been ezamined, and the eWdenee sobatintlslly corers ail the other cases, on whichallexperiencein tliematter, and the chargingIntroducedinstant the honorable Senator eanae they were aoapeeted^ ia yet a third bill, which siinpiy ee- States, of ftvoring EmaaoipatiaaIofto Ik* PiMMww— semi-weekly letter mail over the portation the negroea, andMUSIC—Aft«nMoa •n* eTenlng;___iV\ssjg&sasjS^^^ew^Miti6HK^7taZ~l(te Soatd adjonmed to iratdd»'«t>7rF.IL ne PoUce Gommlsdoners were In isaihai. hat transacted no bnsineas be- Tcad the iatfestigatlon of a few unimportant ehailes against some membera of the force under thetrehsrge. To accommodate some of the »u- porvlsorB, who wish to attend the Bepublican ContenOon at Syracuse on Wodnpsday, a special.1 ^g-jUnited States are now j/ufg^lSfy^-agttit Aiw of tt)* ihaaktaly partyoivaolaatkM*noatogatbMqr|)nicar Soperheatinfateam—at tothepieaameof mttrntl iaapriaea taooeaf orating the water whkb floea irtte''*^anotlier Arectioa. To watch, ant, as fhr as ateamiatothe eHiadeta, aad la waatM«a4Ai^,mmmfim. it BaCtTMB OadCsrata and OJncMi,thareWhich of these three biHs embodies Senator800>-I'BUVIIIi tained to the Uentlty, of the anfortonaia womanwhoae ramalna were found in the water atDm Cmum n City, on Satorday. A well-known merchant ot thia City yesterday addressed a note to the Coroner in cluTge, desiring to know whether there waa a Xmo HAUr-CHiMin Coircm peenUar scar on the body, beliind the left ear. Such a mark waa found. The gentleman atatea that the girl, who waa a domestic in iiia family, [•an or Kara Bwomoh'i Tnma. left hia Iranae a few daya ago, saying that she waa irfi^lli lln Teit TMbb. going to tlie Poat-office with a frieiid. Since thena kindof Wedonot inthe offueland hia" "for theThe inclement weather impeded out-door busi- ness, and the movements in Produce were re- "Ja, taking the gnmnd that the stricted. Breadstuffa and Provisions were mod- confened by the billa should erately dealt in. Prices of Flour and Wheat were the City, and a suitable quotM steady. Com was heavy. Pork was into the City Treasury, to somewhat unaeittled. Grt>ceriea were in request, tetnin for aach franchise ; if as were likewise Hay, Hops and Linseed OU.paper, or one of hia own local-Ooremor aent into theshareholders, by dictating the details of ndltvayithooUhaTe been ao restricted tfi the maaees who nse the r alMetian la the perpetuation of the ch pra away the fraacliiaea forever, werreaerfad to tlw Lefialatoie I then. Otlier objeetioDa were jrs tttter want of reeponaibilitythe views of^, — — the time of the complot3>n, or maintained by the Times, as sound, practicalup toa few years ago. Slngulaiiy enough, titere is a practical sense of these facts at last, and an ocean mail for use, and a set of- overiand have the same dtoiee.e< ,-<.-« Mtte'SyttbH^eotpontioDithe aMence of ceptsindependent journalismto ^ nofldag 4ot'KNm &om breaking up roada into par- '^—f«-;fanoneachsection. TheGot- aoMT •taka the naceaaitrof railroad facilitieaand to demands of theequal the present day. ^havingthe of uni- present advantageGov. MoBOAit has;tmlkf dly, but ttbka the privilegea granted bors imder the belief that its own creed, asHe has thustheHinth-avenuegrant,miii- and hnmangood-feel- dissipating.by Minnesota,Paul,paral-'rivaling fhn'tail aaafatt-ItUtta^aMdiaiBggttat >i|lHal panWanent, and the Ami-Reoc bill, MriW< (9e GOTOBor'a aigmtnie. The nsnalingprogress,forworking expensesrailways maybesaved,and followsmainlythe 49thCtt«nkatoiteolSeenwerennanimonsly practicepracticegreat centralIll; the Sanate. Bm Bailroad Toil bill, _liitnd is by the Asaeinbly, had been theand the third or Southern route extends from San An-thenecessityk of finfhar oonfsrence, at which the twojMaa bilad to agree. The Senate voted totto ita BBiendments, thus kiUing tlie mea- selves with creating it, it is a matter for theaaiia te the pteaent aeasioo.b llw Betute yarteiday, Hr. Wilson introducedUa hW ftoTiding MOie eSectnaliy for the snppres^ dM«(4kB Siai»4nde. It ealla for five faatand notAnd whai is going to make railroads pay, ward through Arizona to the Pacific. Across them. The bills enacted by the Legislature adeJphia Bulletin is greatly dlatressed at•team, d^>ted to the African aerricetta bl)ontx ; offers 4100 for each Itidnapped Atrl-—are required a little present addition pace,inggranted.But to read them."''—but The contracts for these mails being shortly possible out of the pockets of those who wish those of ]heir own locality. But we fUak Pirnltoa>tJnited Btatea Hatsltal;ani for this end, to take as much as;enlargesits main benefit hitherto has been to de- to ordinary repairs and renewals if monstrate the practicability of Overland Mailpolitan society.pelled" theirchoice,ashitherto,betweenouriaefloB by the Senate. A keen paaaage parties now struggling for the asceadancy inthese bills.managed manyto-day, but its working expenses of enginesper mile, run by trains, were 16.15 cents, while vised for economy's sake the abandonment oftWs year they are but 9.05 cenfs. The direc- all overland routes, and a return to ocean guards against abuse, and they reserved, quarteiB of activity in every dqiartBHsd. Iaa^-wSPMaaaed country," principles, MikjMlawdontothereferenceofMr.Sabbokn's avowedtenetsandpurposesofeachparty." WfmtUal,mStet lyliich Hr. Bsown'a reaolutionstNR Mkan np, and discussed by Hr. Lathak, of In other words, the Tribune liolds thatpermanentportation, and the Postmaster-General has ad-no restrictioBS adequate to secureriWfcflilii Hr. IjATBak denounced the! sectional every journalist should think about the publicneither to the Legislating nor to any other authority, any power of supervision or amend- ment They^aceotcd^, moreover,franchisesdenied the existence of aa inefireaaible oooflict between labor and cap-dUncter of Bepoblicanisminin moral and religious enterprise, ia;asserted the necessity of non-interventionamusements; in Btffiatnre, |a;|i<»thing that enlists pubUc sympathyaadit is emphaticaHy the metropolis of the IMOa. Naturally, therefore, people throughout t^StaveiT where eatabiished by law;and dealwithandhaveaToomake it theirlutely nothing about the economical use ofthey assume the absolute dicta-whichinclined to send all the m'ails overland. Sen-1le aabxed ihe of a Congreasional Slavethem, wheneverhetakeshisprinciple inhand. WemanyCongress,appearsstronglyi projectcoat for the tani^oiiMi The whole doctrine ofTljfll ffcii tdlla ai&utting Florida and Iowa. At4^ Wfto tha reaolntiona waa urged by Mr. in which a journalist can most efficiently exerton theprivilege to put in their individual oar—andthey .geHeraUy back water. Knoviing abso- policy, and has introduced a bill which estab-penTaiAorU gorenment he found moat adequately with the Tribune entirely. The only question sei.'Jnthtai the apeach of Hr. Socolas in 1845 between us, then, is as to the particular wayofficials,contrary,specialthinks they should have been sold fortheben»-fit of the City Treasury, or else have been be-BaMTB. bbt was postponed. Afler considering f-tte bill amending the Patent Laws, the a4)0aniad. The aboaea attending the'Bent of soboitSn:- officers of theof BepresentatiTeb was discussed by that body and referred to the Committeelengththis thoughtful independence. The Tribujiesteam-power,tion as to its uttermost details.on, A«eonDta. AThe Tribune is pared, of course, to rebuke tha errors of that party when it shall appear to fall into error, or to commend the good deeds of the antagonistnot would veiymuch reduceexpenses,requiredperformedbill, introduced by Mr. Eliot, the transportation of cooties in Amerl- raa lasauli, was -referred to the Committee on CaaaMree. The report accompanying the billspre-— theaflM Cool<a~bDaineaa ; declarea the Coolie ''But identify itself, in the main, with thecan of thebe got at all. But it is still more absurd to service. adopted,and unsatisfactoryof food, and then of> compulsoryit willplatform willagive dailylarge. any more(riadnatea between the voluntary I of Cfafaiaaa laborer* and the so-called dtas many incidents, andany rightoapropoeed that a pntkA of ftegittt *di||f!Miof theS****iMahaatsaed an w^oMnmentlaf-the thefeelMg*of;does not cost mora, but ooet less than counter m(^yobjections and force.^real*t«>eeBepnbllcans prtfVsMadtottMt(B.towonlyIt willrance,litical societyconstituted the basis of Mr. MASOtr*s hoalV-huiMst lyilMtiireesucces-intheface of^t!S^atiOS—-..jial ai^atm of Hone Industry, Biver ^d Harbor steatnto take all the either in regard to a platform or a candidate. nor would he suffer the State to printed matter—nine^ per cent of the whole The friends of Judge Douolas seem to be very one cent towards their i.^gfaratore, waaThe BMM at - TT JT^-/-^-** Oouunfcalonerts iMden of ^ittier of the buroing roads there are the moat thorou^ ship owners are not likely to accept thia tempt- for him in vaiiooa quarters of the Southern irnot indeed of a very U|^. .tleB'lHl|MV4a>1be' phn of mimbeii«ka wishes to mixing the gases wit^,aii:.aBd trnming them which would go into effect would be the daily strong evidence of this. The great body of the of Senator Ivzssoa's, of QoaqliulI? ^supportedMr.Ci.AMK.'n aBtandiaiBat hat,!Btreams oftb?*«,aM iia]3Aii(%iaigity^vgh^aAldermeninProbably -Mte amfsce ofte bold- weretaughttoaarst*,«a well as to raa^tejtttes oh the table bythe decrease of "fer of the and Fort Smith branch of Memphisprobably Pbesisbstiai.5» '-^53^ n-K ^xe ;!:> .:-'<fti ~"-Vi-- nnr r IliftiUiu"Tbe daammnbMt the sectional contestto beare too to if money expensive hire, theypresent compositedrgan-Englishof the Boarf was The »"Tor sent held_ly experiments, should they be necessary.peraedethepresentButterfieldniMl, which >there. Ihe'^meetingin a c5nmunicaUon stating that Harlem Bridge was not in a safe state (or travel, auS that an ap-cesBfoUy bya writerwho isticketed"And, aa then,Jof »760 to $1,000 would be needed toone who think not; for, con- sider only, that every political is,mercialone ofof IHili Mttproprlation The Committee on put it in a proper coDdition.particular political as organization, bybranchthe chief is the adaptation of locomo- success of the Butterfield line, the improve- ingfrom the piatfMnpAnnual Taxes has charge of the document. A^ ||tj ^jJiPif";from Mr. CHABLra Tract, plead- ing ior «n appropriation of $10,783- for the Lawtives and cars to the traffic. When ment peopleproposed seems hardly worth the addi-commuDicaUonorganization from the nature of the case, associated in thethose of the Tariff 'ino cnwiplsints.—the practice of allowingaie' Thsie is. a [posaibiUtT titat a clue haa been ob-she haa been mlbaing. Her clothes and aorae of or force whatever, a partisan, or even a party- tMfllf Qiminwiiri'ilfnnTiin'ff her back wages are still in the hands of her lateor TBI PsBs^—The B«*el aad of4^T,T.««T_iTTMroi« tr Tmnau, employer.Thecase of CHRtanAD Tor vt. Eowaxo Hopb,JTo.aH-VaiHMK'l Fin Ouxibt better known as tlie tenement-grave case, waafinally brought to trial in Jersey City yesterday before Justice Bxttronn. After the examination, of a number of witnesser, who testified regardingAL Jjei INBnTUnO!?—SZBIBinoB- the circumstancea of the burial and diainterment of Mr. Tost'b child, the case was given to the Its deliberations resulted in a ver-and heavy sales of New-Tork Central were made at 80 ^ cent, the liighest point aince Decemberlaat. Other aharea generally sympathized, Har-lem the exception, and reacted being principalalter the sadden advance of Saturday. The Bond list active. The Bank return shows a gain of a million in Specie and a declining Discotmt line. Money affitirs tame. In Excliange a good business on London at 108}.ed freedom" which is the worst of slaveries on the Great Western Road, before mentioned. now proved to be unnecessary. To accom- delivering New-Toik he«spa]MB te i ;tB Wi, *iil"» l« IK" liliil'i niil«i iiKl iillliiiiin»• Tina ftoa Tn»tyililfc itTiit to rartj-tm- The Stock Market continued firm, yesterday,our managers are already saving money asto be improved if successful, but aa a perma-oMj^lt'kMl. aid km FMIfc-tP— to tlie Kot Rinr.—others would begladto donent instltntiou it would be a national simply,IMX;W«uponbankers,lawyer^OF THE DAY.the Tribune, but upon every journalist opinion of America. •useless.The Postmaster-General, who sees thiscleariy enough, propoees to Congress to discon- tureaorcommandarmies—why,inthenameof tinuetheoveriandservice,andgobackentirelytai,ao'ftrjury. speedily dict for the defendant.excites a deal of • cessant intellectual anxiety in tlie puiauit of the attention of our railway o^cials. Some of ters alone may be very well as an experiment naturally food iWhisky declined. Fr^hta were apititleas.The Political laAepeadeaoe of the Press. We are gratified to find that flie TViiime, when-it speaks out its whole mind, really ac-nowageneralandquitepromiaentnotionthat tlie hanllng of trains over an iroii road, by steam. Is in some way connected wiUi meclian- ical and engineering science, of which the es- pecial violation is at least mmeceasary to econoifilcal railway working. These factsshow—all dueGwor, it atiikea us as bad economy and woiaepolicy.The Ballroaa BiUa.We hajre experienced that rare sensaiitHi, anNowitnowfollysetforthbyitaelf,differsinsome ;Butcompete with the Bufihlo Emfm* ai eitoi provincial joumala of which the ka^MMtftagtodMiilat the eteoing fesslon was taken up mjrsteiious way from the creed of tlie TnosWhether hii actionXr. JaarasToi thia City,made a speechbut this, aa we shall presently show, is a delu- sion, which we are sure the Tribune willthe most feasible route to the Pacific. The most northern of these, explored and ad-people.the veto ; after which a vote wasbeingbut;Almost everybody in New-Tork concedeeofmoreBailroads. Butwewant them in such a shape, and on such a basis, thatfelfaM^MiitfMHB>MdtbataiU8paaaed83to26. Theirpasaage tliankUS,intheinterestoffraternal thiMA. Ik* llaiitfi ia confidently anticipated.vocatedGov. starts from SL Stivebs,have Bticceeded any better indoB Times tlian have their New-Tarit tora.Thecare very little for the conteats of the York papers, beyond their Foreiga Comatters on which he writes, come to some dis-tinct conclusion about them before hetion had Ute simplya mails.business,seems to find thisin away generalwhenever such deeds come to party pass.of the best not because itof deserving support."if we are only ?iad the best and most costly features ofto b*everythinglocal he merely news,I.I liable stMUfiesito show the bdrrors wMch main, ^e candidates of i^ own favoriteThey pay taxes, pre-.b dtMnwd to terminate ao far—devoted to the education of the Oolondfigtk-it wellbe the of vfHst orsdit upon the hn- may very titat journalists theof 'Mr. mtOT, wlio pre- Tribune may contrive to preserve their per-for the present local lines which straggle this, they cannot feixly be called on to pay which certain Southern SenatorsdlsidajliCe raadhiilaB appropriating sonal'i^tHtaini^^ of tlie Japanese independence, justble for men inttW- Bia coBsidention of privateacross these routes, axe prepared to take theanything more. The value of these franchisee, beyond a fair profit to the capitalists who buildthough in different degree, a singular magnaa-of sentiment It is almost needlees toporrjry t?£ciffl;st«^s5feTx Vkt^xisL 0M power for good which he ought^ield over the judgment and;the clearness no common hardi- liood on the part of the Legislature to passEpiacapal ConCBrencritttht* City•"'''"•Jpeater portion of yealetdrffa dia- American jonmalist must deal with the factsJhe HlaveTy question. The manerwaa of Ammicanlifeas he finds them. And oneparts;these bills, in spite of the veto,they would amend them so as to obviate these— itIfthan Whatpoasi- to be de- aaithereportoftheJudl. voted with zeal to; practice higherrails,givingcontracts.,reonoa comiiw up aa the the welfare and the succees of acombined as it is with a daily mail between San Francisco and Portland (Oregon,) wouldtheyopposedwaaatthatnataaeeof Democraticparty. 4ailspermileIT,jwhawjaatyoBsa anill May1.— and it ia here that we differ from our contem-;—that isgranted oughtA Ull TM">»» Oepaos m, reportad &om the Judiciary CoM^ee^waapassed. RepeatedattempUwereBut we believe that in ftdlowiug this coursestandard uponfind peculiar favor with Califomians,andof 'that onethe journalsofhis own locality: hot aHtto-to thewhich seems to it to be, " on the whole, mostinterests"great party,"course,be absurd for us toadvocate,in themain,neglect expenditures which are certain to comeupSenate,Ihaisdajt, MkJBumc,the measures—IL .Mvphig ia concerned. Tlte political organization. In following this course, with the greatest confidence such thoroughly?munitytribution to its support ?-.it willtheAmong these improvements we mentionperfectly independent— good stone or gravel ballastcharter for a new road to provide, cleariy and distinctly, for such a reduction of fares as theftSowmen.be tHntneliv true of abstract journalism, theindeed, hehasseveral. HerequireSuch was the oplntw VMShtheate foithe Erie resolutions, snbndcted of tbeae fteta ia that the Press of AtftericaT( and, finally, by a reChsal, ex- has been almoat abaolately identified, thioogh-lalarge nugoricy, to adopt the Erie out the greater part of its history, wlOk the Byoftred. It vrifi beseen,.jfkcdon waa talten in the matter mere mechanical organization of potSfiMPWCiperiencewith steel tiresiimea them invalu-before that body,and of which thefollowingisscore of magnanimity, however, ttembjrejection, by a cloaaTote, of^eian's opinionmust_ it, MS toto. To-day nine ties. While lines wereperfectlyprsftictide plajts. Ifailcthdi^ official cannot central route to Placerville, /or letters only, at in securing their enactment. If they were that any portioa of the gmt skflHld ga to theadviceailio. lu tion impended, could easUy reOt^aize thesurface) to the same amount— tothe Butterfield contract to San Antonio and El—^Thz CoKvijrnoifs.—The bus-Ial-support,veryyear.as it iais the commongreater stiffness and a chance tor a good One would suppose that a measure like this, andlifeimity the roads, belongs to those who add thatMr. Clask^begins inhisthorough—of immense value, whereas the GovernorJerseyreputation.consistent with the influ- Thatshapeunnecessarytraas-condnental whether he haa any definite plan ondevotionIt adoptwould,Whatever may!in theback again•^ytigm/yaBiiofThere may lie some difference between the by means of a judicious expenditure of moneyand that thisTribune under a creed common to both. We paid back by the improvements, in addition toof ihe Times and theof theexists.will also have beenSt Joseph, Mo., vidtliiiilc, indeed, thatsuch a differencethe regtilai saving, within a period of say five or six years.But, as we cannot conscientionsly charge our-Itonio across Texas to El Paso, and so west- theypeopleconsideraflon rather of our contemporary than of ourselves.whereon theareOfjwiahipandpiqiarationofslaverapiracy; aub- study thefacts affecting the poiiticai well- expended, not by stock jobbers, book- ^ansportation.pocketsaoRBa* Mir the d^th penalty, impriaonment for of his country and ofIii*j..^s4 jaqraiiaa Aanican veaaela aold abroad beingtoMtamMthaDailadlitateefbr a new register. form definite opinions thereon." These opin- thoroughly scienUfic and practical engineers to expire, as well as that for the Ocean Mail Ml IfjWlg MdWoici the Senate the cases of ions should embrace, thinks, the TVi^ne, notmankind,and tokeepersandcounting-room officials,byto ride.Gov. MooGAir,maybe, tothose nationalIswith the «»>JeM|Hfe;'faMir>P'Uoa*erUa heat It has acquired—•oyer- der \Uid, the ooatiaet over thegetherthe highest function of a. pohlie joarntllst, beaUog cannot yet be called a standard and conld mt 1m tet^fomo eontraetor araiQft^talke the fijilllllUPil IIMII"»tEuropean— practice at onceThe trips in twenty days (less than steamer time,) and the entire mailthese, and even in refaieuee to flHte Wt' pW(jbj .,gtiideimpulsea.who differs from any other writar and thiidter eatabliafaed feature of locomotive practice, but the eatire nwtt foi' ooe-tUrd of tiM aaoi Aisimply in' the more and assured fa- frequentcility of bis access to the public mind. Can tliis fcmctlon l>e discharged as sue-a few hundredpaM fAajiA: ^^^Hm^iii^ dollara would doubUSss make for canyiDf the letters only; and hence the"in the public estimation with the badge of one_, _^Hope for Oar Bailway** Sinc»-the revulsions of 1867, it is probable that new rail'^ys will not be built much fastercommon sense, should they insist on punishingto steamers. Senator Eaxiadvocatea theA eitten of or i Anynow,moneyroute fromSalt Lake to Placerville, in CalifbmidExpress thinks the peopte ofexpensesequivalent to the earnings, unless it is a de-equivalent oraearlyThe Tribune then bdieves that a "journal- crease of working cost? No enormous sums ning at semi-monthly intervals and at a slowist is, or should be, an elector, a citizen, a makes man, and that, as fauch, it is his 8im[de duty toThey were fhtmed exclusively in the interestof the monopolists to whomthe roads wased to put as much money as possible into theirand machinists, will very soon begin to show service to . Califomia, the whole subject ofwonderful results. A case in point is that of mails to the Pacific has naturally come beforethe Great Western of Canada. In 1867 it was Congress, which is called on now to devise andMnMUiqf between Keasra. Scmheb and Ua- the but also the " the not worse than of our lines are construct a system for their trans- pealable grants of power to private companies It has the largest population,'the greatest «»-¥. B. Saxbou, statiog that iflMM«M9notbeeftctedineitherinstancewith-"only the specific acts of either of the greatsense to locomotivftsuperinteadent,payhimhisgood price,andlethimalone.employAmerican favorwithEuropean way and works, but because we cannet afford to have them. Large sums ofas well as more economical than we have everenjoyed, and it is understood that responsibleparties, consisting mainly of the contractorswould be the railroadsvho usefirstestablished features as rail-joints instead of disconnected rail-ends restii^ on an anvil, as—joint this need not increase the coet of theoperate usethem. AndeveryaH amendment,yetthegroimdsoftheir«were differentSenator Masok, of '^igiBia,amendment because he held 'Omt dtai^rtSlt' whether bond or free, ahould be keft la Igaa-as neither foimed any part of o^^theneed not be insistedthree feet of ballastmightje, inch helps thorough drainageeveryfairly challengesupportbusinessoftheroadmaybad the use of sami-steel Instead of iron ;to these bills vrith 'greatatutUlsiBg a part of t^ waate steam. Oiobjections, we shouldannum|BM {MUMad a similar perhaps csme of thia to the coaain', ttMM)|klW fi]ac{ice of water-circnUting room in boilers, Dalles, at $200,000 per annumchosen toi^Oe General Coqferenee.uhrtH^^j%)jJ-repreaantthisless notofieepartyand party issues clearly mate,good could ever come of it to The th^ Fnss.public at large, whenever an elec- in^Mtanttell thit dlflbtence,sui^ioae VtM dbareholders$462,000 per;a weeklyhonest and straight-forward in their provi-Mto would taxthemselvesforttejawinotienofsoIaiid#- ble a purpose aa the edneation of thair edP- spring. Ahnost the entire wealth of the otm-whiteffSilii 4paioldheating" surface (reallysions, aimingpublic theanycost; ftadwaterheaters,asynopsis:welcometheir passage.eoufae there are absurd piaaa andweletter mail from St Paul over the Northern route to thesupport of tlie cekired schools, had neveitoe-ior it.mjiatanffei theat the private advantage,interest instead ofolijectiOBpermitnegroespopolatloB— woed^merits of the case. Men knew w^ a Whigmeant, and what a Democrat desiiBd^ Bat aB pendeot feod pumps to regulate not only the be carried by the present contractors—the isnraee; . brisk. Delegates are on dTB,wor8 of water for the Caucasia fitthis is changed. There is not a sin^e one of wfter, but to prevent wasting steam and fuelt^ questions described by the Tribme as of and'variable exhausts the fire (blowing;Califomia at $100,000 per their way to Charleston from every part of the Mr. Baown would doom them to shnah^|MM Stage Company—The however, is not to go into North,—but there appears to be no general in- eternal ignorance if they cannot raia9li«l|^|» act ^at onunderThe increaie oversinceof the roadcir- cumstances, and no matter by whom pro-posed yet, strangely enough, such is not the—forboiler*andothermaohtnaay thisnot fact. Senator Gwm, of California, has ait so. Its importance warranta very eoat- effect of the meaaoie woold Im aieaply to sa-general feeling of mankind with certain busi-ness and personal objects of its members. Thepolitical editor must expect no more chsrita-bl<3 judgment from his kind than^ accorded totlie poiiticai speaker or voter. However pare extra expense to passengers, we think it time Ublishes ahia patriotism, he must heceasaiily submit to for ahareholdeia and the public to look and act central route, to run in for must rid tbemaelves of this i;"simply so much of the machinery." How- It ia probable, however, tiiat the greatest weekly or daUy at increased compenaatlon. delegateatoSyiaeuae. ,B»jr«te.«Clanguage interpretedne State Bepoblieaa Coaventloa Syracuae to^aenow, ttw.jtwenty daya,for themselves they irill find a plenty of 1462,000 per annum, with Uberty to the Poet-liave hia conduct and hisby an biit liis own fellow-partisans, as startling facta if they will only look for them. master-Oeneral to Improve the service to tri- ftr ^ever clear 'and proud his personal in- saving which railway managers can make, at Thia, if adopted, would still leave the bulk of wiU be oast aa a oiUpresent, comes imder the head of moral and the mails to go byAaplnwaU and Panama, at Soutfaem maa, or aishedin this wpridtlon of old date, and wlilch has made for itself engine-drivers to waste ten timee their wagea Gwia's matnred views--wliich ofttiem seta forth should be the Democialieparticularrepairs.this is a matter mails,"plan carrying orhandsence which it is our wish, as we believe it to of authentic history, and that cutting down the aubject, we are unable to divine. Does he other man.tliink thatreputationcheapgenerallydoBepnblicaaa win bevery- Ikalyto Ibe our duty, to exercise, in the present aspect expenses," in the counting-room sense of the desire the saasage of any particular one or The fog win lift inafoiteiiW, aal An «of our national affairs. And, therefore, we decline to be, in the first place, and in the sec- ond place to be considered to be, in any senseor is a sort of Continental "A dkw-upholding journal.The TrOmne thinks tliat this independence" must be a fetter." There ia an " uncharter-(and themselves ifthe public, also, they areandocean mails sad perfonn the whole postal— -*• rageous coimting-room mistakes and extrava- ture and experience ? It is to be hoped that plans, but this halting between two opiniona of of Philadelphia, New-OiTen. a^'^jfc^brealtfast.operating wUl not indulge in many of the out- of all others, requires special and thorough cul- intelligent men may favor eitlier of these pleted for the Booth and Bast, ttsthantheyalreadymaintenanceandservice overland. We can understand thatgances which characterized the most of them mass of shareholders will wiUte the greatthe Senator from California—the of towns between bothpboes aai tti|i.Citabifl|. proposition.emptybeyondvoteinaccordancewiththem. Thereislittla danger of rnnning into expensive and useless experiments if ordinary care is exercised inHaUa to the P&cific.It is known to our readers that there arethreeprincipaltrails acrosstheContinent, each of which is advocated by its friends asroutes for prehenrioB. Withia ourcom-nugr beveiy tne,aneges, that no aa» of papera ia eqoal to flie TawdriB Tmim-kihe selection of theplace. And when they are so selected, the secret of success lies in letting them tdone.ofHalk, New-Hainpshire,advocates thisrightrightatora service from St. Louis to lishes tri-weeklyPlacerville over the central route, a similar service from New-Orleans over tiie Southern route, and a weekly service from St Paul to the Dalles over the Northern one.in the of reduced fiuea or in- countiy look to it for news of every kiad.' Aadto be carried for an aggregate of 11,200,000, being some $400,000 less than the actual costthis willoverland mail to the Pacific coast, more speedyprojecthas introduced into the Senate;men for the'.M<lei to the DaUea in Oregon. The next is the great mass of our citizens.service butformed ;by disjointedlinks,run-shallbe toreadofthe compeUedwfll not be They caa atfil;iron, since less ofit can be aaed in somethe use of steel (or axles Mid tiree—the ex- sive bills on the same subject, which are now arguments' so cogent and unanswerable. If ty to Mr. Clasx's proposition. O^..JfH„ mnaiaemi-weekly on aachednleoftwenfy-five of afaowtag pie aiaet.«&!».to great economies, whichsomewhat partake of the strictly com- days, by a tri-weekly one over the centra tween theis certain. Some of our two ofbeat-managed roads allow englne-driveia to iron " to be made up of the three put together ? tions.expense, especially as we should stillcaashare In the savings in repairs and fuel, over a We have supposed that one of the great ob-ceztain fail staadaid, and tlie drivers often jects sought to be attained by the advocatea of makeadollarortwodollarsadaybyextreme overlandmailtnnspottation,andCaUIomianscare. 'What does the Company miticBt Thia in porticalar, was to ahake off entirely the teiprise nmninf aa^Mfaleif system tiaa largely contributed to the economy Ocean fand Isthmus maOs, \^iich are the EndaoB Bivcr Baiigad, te Oaterm, augments it,tliem,Grid-aee farther and moie elsariy ia Tbb NzwspAnaand those " fetters," which simply consiat of Such are a few of the features of an improved plish ttiis purpose it is clear the entire mail pal towna of the interior CraoifiiQr.to \ an added sense of responsibility, of a more in- railway management, which absolutely demand must go overland. A mail which carries let- hours ahead of thepolitical truth, and of a more dellbuate cir-cumspection in its utterance, are bonSs which suggestedwe would willingly see imposed not only so, but are checked by Directors, who toy—very expensive, very pretty, but very pected that tliey will lookarewho aspires to mould and control the public all estimable in their respective callings, butand tradesmen—with any apecial &vor, effectuponthem,ita Inlhienceioua. It brings New-Todi papera iitfo4opposite course,proposesto abandon alldevised for its wUlproveeffectualremainsto beseen sofar aa he is conoer^d, it deserves, and will receive, the unqualifi^ commendation of theshall benefit theoppress dence and Market reports. And the the two latter of these we now have a mail disregarded utterly this first requirement sufferings of the Pililadelpliiaos wlwa din Iiis vetojustly points out the objectionable features ofExpress aad Bulletin are greatly misiafaiita their belief that people at a distance casv hrt little for the details ot New-Yoriclife. New-Stok is the centre and focus of American activity.they imposedgood management;they contrived no sa^ —riety of inhabitants, and the moat waaW^ af any City on the continent It ia flie haad-fore,SOUTHZaX BiAOHAIIiaTT.-ciselyaa do other citizens;andhavingdonetion. This gave rise to a short dStoikV'li:proposed simbly taxing personsshapestowed,creased accommodations, upon those Who use the roads.We do not agree with tlioee who think thesefranchises should be sold for the benefit of theCityTreasury. Whatevertheymightbringat such sale, would necessarily be recovered outits newspapers will alwaya be meresought, in every part of the Union, thai fhnao ofanyotherCity. Everypersondeatasto*>>theother of tiie com- portionhas the City to look to them for more than their equal share of con-forbenefit ofCityatproprlating 126,000 for five yean to ^jschocds in the District of CotmiUik i witMii^.^yield fiiepatetol The first, introduced March 20, proposes a Such action, however, might deprive them of Bbowk's, of Mississippi, who, I semi-weekly* mail from St Louis across the the features which have been most influential ly to Mr. ClaXE'S •JnApHrpgnta"aeiioas consequence," Human Slavery, Prt>- vacQom. caused by a variable jet of waste effect <" to the overland routes, unless the dication of the course likely to be pursued, mistain their own educational eatah"-"Xovzwemenla, C»ieap Postage, the AboUtion and improved rtmtiiog gear, and, above all,<ttft0ea>t,a<Pacific Batlroad, Free Horne-— annum. Asthesteam- sanguineofhisnomination,andclaim isSenatorBaown'smai mere aocurate wotlcmaaship. And for coal- mail for $150,000 per support ^,«5Sh}«^..i^7^iiT'iMMili>ijUntitled Documentfor the aame ficont.the enginea) purpose,owners will steamship agreebyannum.are agreed. teste4j4^8, bo(h'.fngllab and American, for ing offer, the only part of the bill, if passed, .States. We cmifess we do not see any very above Mr.iQKdera to withoot «a«ke atid wMnot loss.Southern Democracy appean to be vehement-ly and obstinately oppoaed to his nomination.The Horthaadoobtedtyhaa the power to force one "fatal ohjeetto^ Aa^ka«g as ""•'"ftMr.'VMt^«ei«ifsheiitbiiCfagltM^ttethem;SenatorGvnN'ssecondbill—^introducedthree Urnuponflwpul3r>Md daya Mter bia firat—provides for a tri-WMkly neeafortteiittir^imml front St Louis, ovior ttottMtel !• flwJBWBiaco> at t«0.OM|»Mi.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tt has scarcelyaif'swee^ttt'every'la JOr- l^neted'ty oaAwUk^Mi o(,mostpewdrt'niaii between California and Oregon, and thetitle of the act nyght as well be amended ac- gaiee'llien and conUngly.us for its defects. Bila genHsHisii woaH hav;andatrans-Legislature care little about them.aifdretelling notknow thia is indeed ignorance, yet kuodreda Paso. It adds a daily mail between Sacra^adhere to the old pUns. And there are inde- mento, California, and Portland, in Oregon, to tle of preparation for the political Conventions moat an fl«e negroes are hewers ofbecomingalreadyy- Masoh's bat therespectfor Senatorpressandthatnone ofthem csDeverltft'TtiJw't^gltheThey were intend-rightbuild-ofmnnlaia, beries, and miaeeHaneooa doinga of oar imessage, veryto dstemefaig any ancfa the nilrtf«»p«ctywiU again beo«to-{ be«MMt(tetth^be theCincinn'att platfonii as . ha iBepnblicaa capdUate..comment from the ooontiy'Preas.few of their articles. It can aswMlr I»,«f.butthe newspapers of New-YoA.competUlaswift the<practically thia fact haamatter in hand. If we were ohl]|aA.at or BoAIo with pete AlbanyTimes, it would be te neeeaaarythat gigantic journal in talent aiktheyin theNew-Hampshire, oBBMi te aaakteBab iMikmunity belongs to the;witl noathonajiaU www.fultonhistory.com—-" "" 