 !5Jare represented and ttiat the ;on tills cheers andber of Ci^ngicss bas uttered or countenanced a torcat of disunion, so often made by Democratic memoers ofThe resolution, as aaiended, waa passed unaai- mouEly.iitles ofmen-THB WIGWAM ILLtnnNATION — WgATHEB— csmsepetehda,t alrtehaedy dad,of lightning's Hash. AU waa oader hlaii.v.On the lourth rule read, wliich being— Club in tbe United States, they evenIparty.Maryland thirtyPennsylvaniademanded.£eveniA—That the new dogma that the Constitutionof its own force carries Slavery into any or all the Ter-^ GOSSIP FROM CHICAGO..^f..goanded at an anaouncement to be made to*mor- 'the belter were fast asleep, asof us and ail,by IOJ« o'clockI:al Convention of the Repnblicau Party, aadto banish Kansas from the Convention. [Cheers,] A College, comprising not only tbe people of the Njrta- and the parsuit of happinessShabp, Bbat, Josmi, Sabs, Cxoasur aad''HB RIPDBLICAN PLATFORM.much laughter.of the btates, most ana shall be vt^ owesitsunprecedtntedincreareinpopuUtisn itssur-;;i ^\.\ aa ';rights."Mr. Cabteb, of Ohio--I desire to move an timend-of these inquiring gentlemen, Superiatendeat Htnor>-<••>-.Sbe^rlp over the Rock Island Railroad to Davenport, States in the Union would be represented. [Ap- Iowa, by the President of that ComjHuiy, was laid on plause.] Tbe Republieaas desired to make no war- 'V*!"..'whichthe Oaaaral\demoralize and break the up—a State that was afraid even now ta declare herself as a pure Republican frganizatioit, end did not dare to stand upon pure Republican prin-printed,tne Nationai Convention.'">^mt- A kanaer with Mr. Siwass's llkwi^ns was car- He did not desire tbat his Statevol. IX—NO. 2702. FROM CfflCAGO.Saylieto-iixeli MEW-TOKK, FRIDAY, MAY 18^18eaPRICE TWO CENTS.of tke Gonrention.history of the nation daring the last fourjearshAsfatly tstoblUhed the proprietv and ne- cessity of tbe oi sanliAtioB and perpetuation of ibn Be-Fiwlainiiutc of the Sewardlatctut;^every attempt to restore order was hopelessly vain. Tbe mnltltnde outside took op aad reechoed the cheers, maklag tke scene ef entkasiasm and excite- ment unparalleled in any similar gaikertac.Sepbllcan NationalMr. Oflaa, of Indiana, called attention to the callparty.tlen, "National Repobllcan Party." Ha wished to«l»lilerTeitioB~-i Higher TarUT— Uh«nl Lavs ofNatorallzatioD.I1U0TII6 TBS ORDBS FOB TO-DiT.Among the mlet was the followingvotes be east by delegates at large, and two for eachCongressloaal District ; that three hundred and four bad been used on tlds question. No proposition has for disunion, comefrom whatever Bonrce tbey may votes shall he considered a majority of the whole tieen made to dlsfranotiise any State here. All thenaatbarof votes, when all the States Is the Dnlon Northern States asked was that tbey should be put onf«cM Blapmtok to tto Vcw-Tork TlSMs. Cmoiao, Tkaraday, Hsy 17,Ibe Cenventian has made decided progress to-4b7. ItkwaetedupontkeeredeatUlaofmembers tmtftttti Om vote wkick «aek State shall hsT* JepHi iiilu asd a> order of bndness, and laidMr. Jams, of New-York, desired to say that onlyseventeen out of twenty- seven States were representedwhen tbe rnle requiring three hundred and four voteswas adapted by one majority by the Committee. He all he asked now was that aU tbe States of tbe UnionAmidst the confuaian It was motlonaa to adjourn wound up with tliree cheers for SiwAanoi Caan -OTeaeat was regarded as an attempt to b.Biwm^sstreigth. SeveralSoathemdelegates aade a warm remonstrance against it, and one ortn* of tkem gave Pennsylranla some severe hits. Hi. Abmocs, of Maryland, repelled the intlmatien •at Nertbein money might be used hereafter to in- toaaoe Southern votes, and saying that the RepabU- •ans of Maryland were unpurchased and unpurcbasa- kle, aad added that Pennsylranla might put that in kerpipeattdsmokeit. Mr.Bi.AKaLTofKentuckysaid tkat ke was in tke Coarention of 1856, and voted forwhile ttie recent BtartUng tlevelo^meuta of;;Much ctnfnsioBA. E.Ma.Wiumnowproposedtodisfranchisehim. After»isag debate, tke rqiart of tke Coounlttee was sent tend to represent Republican constitaents. [LoudCHABLX8TON TS. CHICAGO.From Our Special Correspondent.Buses HonsB, Cbicaoo, Tuesday, May IS, 1860.By a special train of the New-Tork and ErieRoad, we left New-York ca Sunday afternoon at 3control, and I could but aajmire the coolaeM, the firas- ness of purpose and qnlcknea* of exeeutloa wtdeh he unconsciously exhibited. No wosidei that he I* a quiet, uncommuiiicativa person; he deal* with facts, with realities between which aad an uaxevcaied hor- ror there Is but a liand's breadth, aad ^"i^ag at aar moment can only be warded off or lemedied bf hb caution or his skill. I waa glad aad yet Kaij, whaathe twenty-nine miles were finUied; glad ptraatt I was ph|sically about used up, aoirr beeanae I wasfearitwMk Am assent of the Sontkem delegates, and4ailB« tke afternoon a new one was made in which•ayware allowed a modified vote according to the "That's the talk."] These men from the Slaveupon Consrcasdent me«Bntes ft.r the total and final auppresaion ef thatJatitlli aetnally represented.Kcbraska, probit)iting Msveryin those Territories, we find a practical illustration of the boasted DemocraticIncluding stoppages, we reackcd this point, via ttieaf reqalriBg a majority of all electoral votes in the if in numbers they are small, we hope to make them«kaia Uni<H> to effect a nomination. This was the greater. [Loud cheers.]4 Mr. Fauub, of Maryland, said that he stood beforetormeu and her andfact that were that while tmKiM.., f they there,work of £u Thateb, who carried the point by a ma- this Free Convention as ajertty of oae, at a meeting of the Committee where Maryland. [Cheers, and three cheers for Mary-\port or the General OoTtrnm< nt oy duties upon imposts, sound policy reqtureB such an adjustment of these im-theto michanics andreward for their skill, labor and enterprise, and to tbe nation coisiLercial prosperit.v and independence.settlers and against any view of the free HomesteadRepublican Convention, wliich is to convene here ona funny stoiy was told.We reached this city half aa hour ahaad of fltammir 17 oat of 27 members were present.was read with loud protests, and a minority report aade by Judge Jahu, of Mew-Yoik, reqolring only a ajority vote, was adopted in Its stead.land. ]This vote created great interest and excitement. It was not, however, regarded as a test vole, us tue Southern States voted aye because of tbe delicacy eftkeir positioii.AFTERNOON SESSION.The with the Convention reassembled,ThB reportmarked, (in diet, no one wouldTfeia ended the formal basiness. The platform, Pennsylvaniawere still afraid to declare themselves wbtak yon will get in fall, was read amid the most thorough Republicans. [Immense applause.] HeSeward 4)>tn laud Sbvabo, bet oa Sxvabs.^sbosnded applause. Tbe clause aboat ttsturallzii-Itoa aroosad tke iBdignmtion of the Massachusettsdelagatlosi, who protest against it in tke strongest He claimed that If the party hoped to succeed, theyThe was further embellished with a platform;andapparenUy indispen- soft hats covered long,chance for tbe nomlnatlan. Pennsylvaaia Isto unite on any candidate, and the generaliBpresston is that his nomination is simply a matterof aecessity. The supporters of Mr. Batss hare siusM, Clat shoald be sent into exile. [Cheers.]applause.received with unlxiunded enthusiasm bj Pennsylva-— TOEIOrS. WITH NINI WICKETS 10 SPABB.Impossibleakaadoned tke ield, and most of them will at once .daalare for Mr. Sawsts.Tke only aian npon whom there is any hope ofUnion thatthesacreddustofAshlandshouldbe ;andI to thewholeofacom- managed occupySBWASK TIO-is Mr. LiKOSur, and very little progress isBade la the effort. The prospect is, that when tbe and then and there on the part of Kentucky he hadvotes shall be cast than there are delegates present,and adopted.mMr.GiDBiHQB—"Doesmycolleaguedesiretocat bitiouspoliticians,andthetfaousand-and-onestupidi- elevenagainsteleven. Theresultofthefirstinniiic*BltisgdrawMr. Caktxk refused to wiihdi-aw.me off?"Mr. Cabtis—Yon. and all others.vote en the resolutioris.Alter some skirmishing thereceived with a storm of enthusiasm seldom wit- waaed in any popular gathering.Cries for Wilmot.said that the band had gone ahead and would '^^at Chicago.joinuswas'parabdoos. Maryland was eutiUed to a full vote aoopted, 331 Ayes, 130 Nays. [Loud and prolongednot forprofit,but forS"ce'oconveyto the assembledThe friends of Mr.Batss, aot here,majority.majority report, giving negativetvotesto absent Soutn- Legislature had any censtituiionai right to legislateaaw.Mr. VVisD Is conMcDt ofBon-residents. If Texas had regularly em Stales, should be adopted, the same policy wouldbelongedamat 7 o'clock we reachedpareat reason. rROCBEDINGSOFTHEcoatroi the nominations, it was a dangerous a State where tbe majority rules. lie kaewnorea- right, in view of the dissatisfaction existing among two hours.itshouldtieotherwisehere. Ifthemajority naturalized citizens with regard to some laws that ery" of mol- B^ll^niwrallSinK upon tbe tranBajtionaTke proeedtan was theded on the supposition that these gentlemen had beenCtles ofOrder,"The German Bepublicans of the Northwest had givenci-eded:1111 "P^mjlilii Auociatlon," Michigan BepublieavAs-Mr.Blaie,ofOrder.") questionedmade off of the half doUarbv "ur liost. ofwitness. left Mr. EaBXTOB and '^^dUa^MgSIittfatthe '"'iUm.,SeveralbandsofmuslewereinIkeany controlUng powerGov. CLlvetASD was not satisfied with the remarks rule was reported by Judge Jauis, requiring a plaute.] The German Republicans were distater- Republlcans--sWngSxwA«oquy Stweeo him oUmy-'delegateshad asked that they be excused from voting out ofgive pubUcity to tke okead.The procession stopped at differeatexercisewilling that every inquiry into the delegates should be made.unable to vote on their own he proposition,Zmid the tabuT and lookedwere count-^^Md "ROGER A. PRYOR.points, .'.IvlilvCaVtaatlSB was called to order at I« o'clock.humaoity.ta^?rerww"eer«ej^wliaaairisgprejudice«^" sxwabb men, who'aa^mmtfpart of theof Mr. Bun, aad regarded this whole of the votes cast only to nominate, movement as majorityftei^^ute,,. wisdom «i idea While we were thus «,r. on all dde. offottheoojmting taia.iaaddlUaataeoBtinuattoaof tha fnr aaciaM,)|«l'aUKi:jr^Everyisoffice or forof liberty, and from a Sanaa of tbs (»rrect-cheers.feelingsmore fromcame to Its ranks-A.doodad ai yetteiday.CiuT"willWigwamcoa-ns CwTcatiM »ta ayMed Iqr prayer by Rev. Mr.ii lar).<Mw nnmben fa Q* nipt^eadeatedheie, Ibr wltfcont Hniir Wrsriaapplause.]^Iheirmght and power.br Mr. OUahant oo CamwtniKpresent, iMaaUa ttea <a eawaaad is oMalnlsg order.Davts, of tbat State, tke Be^fdiUeaiis would have bad no opportunity to Inveitlgaie the ftaodi of the Democracy. [Cheers 1,TBI PLATrORK.gOajtfetd*ttor, mf- (Mtlai the tn*tltntIon of an Order of Britannia, to re-•n tha Slave Sutes. Tnat was an invention ol the enemy, and be called oo tlie Convention to do no act tbat could look lilce seetionalism.eooid aot send some effective speaJur to entertaintO,OM Repnblicans and (heir wives Uaogbter] ont- for tbe NatloLal Convention, which he read. This slde tke building. The letter was greeted with load was a question which conld be raised. The call badinviteo all who desired to overthrow the corrupt De- akeers. mocracy in the States to act with the Conventido. IfR. M. Coavnr, of Oliio, from the Committee on no', were most arrant knaves andthey tl^ hyiiocrites.oUuornacsoMnsiinlbtloedn,tsIantnhdoodaurcliaTiieot thedaly we o»e to adopted Government. His spfsech was ardent and all rusked for seats In tbe (paeioiu eaia of tta.-tke table.A letter was then read risUng the President If taains decisTfcMoDs i.ir»i-rh»i theLIKB—(SODTHXSa.) ^excitedKew-V«ck protested against the omissloD.Convention, ratio, be required to nominate candidates.A scene of the wildest excitementLoud cries of ' No kisses.Ten thousand voices swelled dancyiois denying the vital principles which with so deafening a roar tbat (or several minutes'.bamisof Iow«ca laaals aadno !" withmingledof a free eovem- ment, and as an avowal of contemplated treason,it is the imperative doty of an Indignant people strong- ly to rebuke and-forever Bllenee.fi'owfA—Tiiatthe maintenance inviolate of the rights of the Qtates, and especially tne right of each iJtate to order and control its own oomestic inetituCioDS, accord-applause.Withwas noticed. Old and young, male aad *—•***.seeinedactuated by the same Imonlse. Tkay n- ceived UB with cheers, congratulated us on om aafsty so far, advised what course to pursue, and aeaeraUTpresented as a minority report a substitute for said rule, requiring a majority of all tke votes cast to nomi- nate. [Cheers and hisees.]Mr. CAJtria, of Ohio, said this was an important period in the proceedings. He called for the reportthe ba£d In the meanwhile playing "Tbe Gal I Left Behind Me," " Ever of Thae," or " Hall Colsmbta," wiih vailatloiu.ByMr. McCuuis, of Maine, thought that If the Ter-ritories should be treated according to the rules ofthe Confederation, and adndtied to seats aad aot tovotes, Kaiiias should be Included. She is a Statenow ; she is la the Uniou, fur sbe oufrht to be and terest, as is eiipecially evident In iCa desperate e.xertiODB ACTION OF THE GERMAN REPUBLICANS. were quiet, dignified, aober people, aad now i uadei-from tbe Committeetke platfbnn of tke party. The detaOs of all the report on the rules lay on the table for tlie pres-aoreatenls will rcack yeo by telegraph to tke JMSstsisil Press.Tkare were symptoms of a storm In the moming. Tke fnt ligoal* was Mr. Wnjior's protest againstent. Carried. Mr.FasTOR,ofNew-Hampshire,fromtheCommit- racy.on and moved tbat Credentials,tee on Credentials, reported no contested seals /rom twenty- four States. Pennsylvania had sent four frsm each Congressional Dl^rict, and Iowa eight.!Mr. Datis, of Massachusetts, moved to refer back from Soatheni Stales beiog allowed to Tote. the State of Texas to the Committee.;my hat, which was blown In laa* tkaa a awaydalegataaItare had been a general asdentanding that mosteflkea would rote tor Mr. Snrsas, and Hr.WiL]ioT>s This was athere. Mr.SixiA—That the people jnfltty view witlr alarm thein a miraculous mannerbody jumped, squirmed and wired, as rnlnntlMSlj th^ iron steed kept up to " time." Nowtk* haadofa loA*Mr. WiLHOT, o'Peimsylvanis, movedto refer back alEO the States of Maryland, Kentucky and Virginia.to defend their position as supporters of Mr. Batxs,;and men wlio represent no constituencies should sot comedimln|ah here with a full vote. Suchpracticeswouldapparently tngbtmei oat of theirrepresentative body,the of ortbe ftvored :system piunder public treasury by Doni, of Boston, and Mr. Cabl Scbobz, of Wisconsin. nian gentlemen, who were quietly smoUag by QtBInpersons had gathered at Baitioiore and sent dele-gates here. There was no party organization there, and tnere would be none until Uie Republicans had wrested the Government from tbe hands of its present possessors. These delegates represent no Republi. can constituency, and if the precedent is establish- ed there will soon be delegates In the Re-Convention fromThey had been sent there to demoralize hnd break up the Dsrty, and in favor of some Northern Intrigue. One mischievous rule had been adopted when these States were admitted, and the other objectionableact it. uponThe various motions to recommit were lostpnDlican fathers,tbeybat aboUibed in S.averjpublicaneveryOF tin " manner. After a I became uaad to tbe WHAT WAS IH IT—VAST CONOBEOATION little,Jadge WoicoT, for President, and did not see why role, requiring a majority of all the States in ttie respectingtheidelegatesto seatsi«astbe like that of the airaw'a ba-Union to nominate, grew out of this. He denied thetioned,Mr. BssToa, of New-Hampshire, said the Sub-committee Bad fully mvestigated the titles of dele- gates to seats, and were satisfied that all were reg- ular.The President decided that under the rules the votes by States could not be called, but for conveni- ence the States were cslled.The motion to recommit was carried, Yeas, 275}i ;right of these men, respectable as they were, to pre-cheers.]Mr. Ewiaa, of Pennsylvania, deprecated the senti-African Slave-trade, under the cover of our nationat fisg, aided by perversiona of judicial power, as a erims against humanity, a burnins abame to oar country and age, and we call to tale prompt undmests of his.coUeague.[Loud applause and cries ofStates were more entitled to credit than many others,'.and we would consent to disfranchise them [Cheers'Nays, 172!«.The following is the vote :ernors of the acts of the I.egisKtu'-es of Kansas and o'clock. After ajoumey of (kirty hmira owl a half.;Tkis stocai then subsiding, anotber grew out of a and cries of "No !" ^'No^'] He was astonished to 1 ; 9at 9)i o'clock last even-by the House ol Kepresentauves.rtoeZ/i/i—That while providing revenue for the sup- were mostly delegates bound for the National many a many game of cards wa* played, aad aaaysay vaialr attempt to impose a two-thirds rulk upontke C^ventlon. The Committee reported in favorhear the sentiments expressed by his colleague. These men are bold, earnest Republicans, They represent the Republicans of the Southern States, and;eatMdiedln the KaDBaa and KebraaSa bill, and a de-Mr, Gasuies was for a time greatly ag- must organize throughout the Union. He repelledlien's Republican Union of New-York and theWard Sepablican Cluos of Chicago.U iider a portrait o( Buoasxicx, draped in moumiag, •'to a corrupt Auminlstrauon."At tlM o'clock tne Conveutioii was called to order. Tbe Presioeni announced mat tnere were twiceto emigrants from tor .;ign lands shall tie abridged or not cany them. And as they xay, tlM Convaatlaa impairtd, and in favor of giving a full and efficient pro- the traditional Phi Beta Kappa key, on many a breasL will act. Hiinois opposition may, aad pnteldr will, tection lo Ihe rights o< ail classes ol' citizens, whether Some were old, others were younger, but the major- be heeded off by placing Liaocui oa the SJevaid natiteornatnraliy.ed, butii at home and abroad ; that ity of them were middle-aged,by the rejection of bis ameadment, bat it was afterwards incorporated in anaiber form, and histhe accusation that Maryland was the tool of any Ncs-thetn Sta.c. They were unpurchased and unpur- chssable, and they told Pennsylvania to put that inrespectable-looking men, who apparently didn't exactly like to start onslate, but still Pennsylvania, and of aeroally Mew- Jersey, Is against him yet.was restored.a^HsnVialtT itsThese matters, however, I shall allude to inThe general feeling of the Convention is decidedly•onaervative, and opposed t* eveything like interfer-ence with Slavery in States where it exists. The still go home and run an electoral ticket. [Cheers.)to do so, bad said good-bye to thoir won- dering families, and set off with the world's people on a patriotic mission, in spite of the day.It being toward evening we all rushed (or theSLIXPIl^G-CARS,ofwhichall hadheard,butconcerningwhichfewa;pchand smoke it. [immense cheers.] lie cared not if Maryland was turned out of this Convention.Sunday,but having made up their minds (hat who,o^y items for my ^leclal tele-"pipemy letters, reserving graphic dispatches."He felt, from the applause so kindly-bestowed, that he had not appealed in vain to the fair and honor- able sentiments of the people.Tke OBly thing now remaining is the nomination,aad tkat will be effected to-morrow, probably, after Mr. BiAxiT, of Kentucky, was surprised, on kis en- 11 and Texas G. In regard to the organization lait is loo late for me to describe tbe glorioiuskelaratlen against invasion of States and Territories vas received with loud applause.ouftht render ol the day. [Loud Applause.] immetiiate and efficient aid in its construction, and that Mr. BisTOH, u( New-Hampstdre, from the Commit- SB preliminary thereto, a daily overland mail should beUjast now decidedly gvod. His opponents wUI find it[Cries ofi<o, no, it never shall be.''] They would—That a railroad to tlie Pacific Ocean is im-wig-Three hearty cheers were given for Maryland.tee 01) Cieaeniials, again reported, givmg the stale ofpromptlyestablished.Ser;c7i/fCTirA—Jically,havingthuBsetforthourdis- knewbutlittle. Formypart,neverhavingseenone, citizensofChicago.01 12 ballots. It is impossible to predict the result trance to the Convention, to find a proposition to Texas, the Committee reported that tlie delegates with any certainty, but Mr. SrwtRD's prospects are banish Kentucky from the Convention. He should not were elected at a mass meeting called b^' notice la allcar in wliich I obtained a was about We long for Charleston position sixtyRepublicanof theand we commend thatThedifference between them and theWeweremetatthe8ep6t tnr tkousaad*He claimed to be as good a Republican as any3. i. Oregon, Nays,was of so gross a mistakcias to imagine such a possiolllty as that one of the two hundred people who left New-Torkof enthusiastic Tbe beads rebaarsed Republicans.the old stand-byes, and escorted by tke afjmsMiisiiithMi -of the Party of Pennsylvania. He had dared People'smore and risked m6re than the gentlema{^ from Fenn sylvania had ever risked or dared. He had avowed blmself a Renublican. while the People's Party ofmauutacturersveryguiltyed thoussndsIntriumphal processica, we proceededhad been jeered by a m Db in Baltimore, and on his return home he had tieen burned in effigy and hung by the neck by a mob led on by Federal oSce-bolders,skoas were in vogue;consetinentSyhave been more surprised had a proposition been madeto banish Washington (rom beyond the limits of thethe papers (avoraOic to Republican prmciples, and were entitled to seats.Tbe report was adopted amidst applause.The vote in these Slates is cut down oelow the full double electoral vote.^The report of the Committee on Business and Rules was then taken up.of four sittings each. By a judicious dis- play of overcoats, umbrellas and satchels, my com-the;Cricket. >'tW-yOBE CLCB VS. NBWABE CLITBHOWAKD.that Cas-Who would dare to banish tbe free sons of Kentucky, or of Maryland, or Texas, or the District of Colum- bia froni this Convention ? He was a member of the Republican Convention in 1856—a seat his children should live to be proud of—panion partment.banished beyond the borders of that Statenia and a large crowd of outsidersAbout 10o'clock, Joan,Statesfindthatttieycannotcarrytheirown risen,and,withthememoryoftheWilmotProviso•asdidate,theywillfallbackuponMr.Sawabb. Totkisraletherewillbeexceptions. PartoftiiePenn-before him, had cast the vote of Kentucky for the Vice- Presidency for Davib Wiihot, of Pennsylvania.which like awould-be-wags getoff at such I times,New-York tweaty-fiveNewarksylvania delegation are very bitter In their opposi- for that act ? [Renewed givenrefused tobeen carefully considered by tne Committee. It had Mr- Gmcusas, of Otiio, moved to add to the first Great curiosity was displayed by sundry country of the sixteen. Tbe Ne;v-Yotfc Chib~[Loud applause and cheers.]Could he ever be for-andlaughter applause.]like a bridegroom ready to run a race, and blessed New-York, one himdred and serea; MewUnited States. If any State is absent, whether by Mr. WiLHOT took the platform. He regretted he design or accident, the Convention does-not cast her Tha Vermont delegation is divided, and for the had been misunderstood. He made na proposition to vote for her, but says she snail have a voice in toe se- exclude the gentlemen from the Coaventien. He lection of candidates. She is here in spirit, and herouthisbat. Hstr.rs'wide ot the w icket in the second hming*, and HAr-jseaent more hostile to Mr. Sbwasd than had beenwere crowded withcheered and hurrahed as the train slackened itsaaddpated.'ItweyUtbeimpossibletogive anadequateideaofIt embodied had been the found- while the ladies smiled their sweetest The great principle music,ation of Freedom (or 200 years. Tue Fathers of theRepublic had enit>o<!!ed ii In thtehDeeclaration o( Inde- peered from the 0{>en windows. Even at night this BJroasye,pch., Bce.llEalmvye.rsbo.nK,idbd. HaCtrtoesrsley, c Bray, b. IhsdsimplyIht Ulcase excitement pervading the city. A mass- he asked why thirty persons in B-iltimore. were to be gatheredsmilesFord, c. Bray, b. Cro**-11 ley IBadmitted,aaanag ef those unable to obtain entrance to tbe and representing no constituency over the State, electoral votes benind them. Tne Conventionhotg^^H^delegated these gentlemen as representatives, all HOWARD. was well ; but if they only came here toIinformedsaccess, and with aped to the foUowlBg words la the report ofMr. Baaa-CONVENTION.Heasked friendsofthe thesor^whyrule bhould prevail, it would seem like a secret blow had been passed, asserting their right to set Republi-giv-on the otherlegislation. was prejudiee.self. Mai17, 1880,^>aii iaai Of CMeafBAkJarttaliaaaxtMded^tfea iaiasates to takaa ae>4 MatioBal eoareaHan tha wbtria of tke Siayalove ofliberty from the stud* of tka life of Washiks-eompanloiis evoiT aa*," liad arrived. wardbamlnc ef«»•-^.^.-^A-..,..^www.fultonhistory.com,heprapkaaM,ago,that at tbethe reported foUowingMid fatal precedent.most jHominent candidate before the ConventionThis morningthe terminus minutes y>stpungent and 7elicitoos. totntt and characteristicsA''i.n"',the ^^tSSu*. kSkiM    P^P'|gggg\°S?g°:prisingaugmentation ot wealthboxtor abioBd,and we hold in abborrence all BchemesPost;Atttmaer-QaDaialState the Union. pf;the whole dele-approved previous question.Mr.GibDisoE,ofOhio,askedhiscolleaguetowith-chamberman, tbe beds. The seats were connected by cross-pieces, en which were:^ f't-=*^M..V??^ ••! .^"^T^ :-^?B. "ivinaiiir qf i bisu fok vomg. Rales ofOrder, reported a serlaa for tbe could not iSw deny me right of representation mnlgsted the Declaration or independence, and em- to tbe Declaration ofConvention. They bodied in tbe Federal CoDttlmtion, Is essential loathe Independeaee.'andT*irif—That to the Union of the SUtes this nation would appeal from the decision of the Chair, fheTBAsx^of perlntendentThe first ruts, giving a list of tke States in order to the Slave Sutes. (Loud cheers.) Tke Territories pretervition of onr KepubUcan insatn Ions, and that Mr. Eu Thaxxb raised a point of order that theland;Mr. RAiifoirs, of the Tuoi; UmX.-Gvrwas found ts have omitted the State of New-Yorkand District of Columbia were, however, differentlythe Federal Ctnstituti.in, the rlgcMlof the States,;aneadmsBt had already tieen voted dowB.The President inled tke point of arder well taken. Mr. FbabcibP. Blaib said tbat. if necessary, heD. P. Foaaaat.Taey could give no vote for the ticket, and be was willing to admit them to the floor. But he did not deem ft That four right to give them a vote in the nominiUan of theMassacknaetts Inspector, of New-Yorkatacandidatewhohaduonenowrong. [Loudand whether they would like States regularly repre- prolonged applause.] This act neither he nor any ofthe LrieRoad,FromtheAssooiatedPress.Cmciao, Thursday. May 17.Tke morning opened with mich e.tciiement. and vote against Mm. He made no issue as to who would allow. [Cheers]preciselyTke streets were crowded, and tbere were severalfsoceadens headed by bands of music. By inviution«r tbe Michigan delegation, the New-1 orit dele-gaiton aad visltort gathered at the AOa;ns blood in the Republican cause. His objection to sentatives of the People's Party of Pennsylvania be ment.of Mr EaBawii.ffm on The street T«'*">*lT*«,_?^ aannnifUlldared suffer most in the cause, but If Republicanan exj'ank^footo such laws. He, therefore, withdrew the amend- For myself, I can trutkfoliy say tbat I eat a hearty bj^nc o( Ills colleagi«s,Afo«*ta^^i»*tthis is to be the test, Kansas should coatroionlyearly an hour, and after ao long and tedious a ride. breakfast from conseientiou motlTes. I knew that Iwould have a hard day's work Uwus Ohiocon^nuej,. "'W^.^op say amklaa aAnslve alioutfor she had poured out herto Butreh together to the "Wig- the repreientation from these States was not foun- excused from voting.and EM.Ibr Bam. Mr. l,tMU.thisCoii\ention,Mr. ol asked ttiat the GoooEiCH, Mim>e»ota,strikingare of the morning. Tbey marched in sections purchased by Northern money, but because if the••"He at once replied, I did not" Iof two from New- I'ork, and two precedent was now AsaaMichigan—tbemennomberlngbetween.t.00« Ciingcrlnfuture.lution in order to know whether they can with safety phia they asked oiily one general declaration, againstNo, aty,«f four, cooaal 4,000, all wearing badges inscribed " Mew-Vorkwhich think, were hungry, and 1 don't believe anyOdngsisTingperson to say " thatgentle-repastnot>/situated. were net Included in the call. Theythe Union served.ntui Tijaua Agmt, aad Sa-ticket.Gov. Raxsaa said muchrapid it^ bappi£etBa: borne mud Itswhile the Inilon.propositionwas to amendpesecond reso-ioka- on, spread by ths Dirisetan aad fka time paased merrily enough. From Donkbk to To- ledo, and from Toledo to Chicago, all akawfta nad,or rather at tbe came every depot,declamationanequalitywiththeSouthernStates, IftheNorth-ern States were onlyfrom two or threerebuke aad with applause from theirassoclateB ; and we denounce those threats of Immense inultitiide rising and giving round afterrepresentedCwQgresslonal Districts, they would not be allowedto cast the whole vote of the State. .All that was aiked was that Maryland, Virginia and Kentucky should cast the votes lor ati the Congressional Dis- tricts represented, and no more. No man had felt more, or could sympaihize more with those who have been crusbed by the slave-power, than himself ; butConttresatrithoucfollowed, theciples nla.]alone. [Cheers, and hisses from Permsylva- ritories oMhe I'nittd Statea is a dangerous politicalSuch at^on was contemptible and dastardly. heresy, at variance with tbe explicit provisicnn of thatinatrnmtnt itself, withcontemporaneou'i exposition, andBIW-YOBK— —yklXOW-PAS-SlSOEKS— BAUD — KNTHnSlASMThe secondfonr votes, and each Congreasional representation two votes, except as modllicd by the Committee on Cre- was amenaed that no moredentials,by providing;last year theyrule, giving delegatesatlargeminated in a victory for Newark. Tliis is the aecond inthat 304votes,beingamajorityoftuewnoledouoleelec- toral vote, shall be necessary to nominate candidates, tbe miBority report, to nominate oy a majority ofvotes cast, was moved as an amendment.Mr. Kbelv, oi Pen/isylvaiiia, said tnis subject was one of the most tbat could anse. It hudI desire to get atopallnight long,and in themorningfeltunnecessaryj:, t,Mr. EouLxsTON, of Onlo, thought that the Commit- with legislative and judicial precedent, is revolutionaryTBIP—ing at this terrific speed wliile the mlictee should have courage sufficient to say who are and who are not members of the Convention, and who are entitled to vole. If they nave not, let them make a definite report and then the Convention canjwmltvole.Mr. Lowaar, of Pennslyvania, moved to recommitthe entiie report, and called for a vote Dy States. He legarded the report as an evasion of duty, for nothingaolag.I hadlargedue process of it becomes oarMaine, Ayes, 3Nays, 9. Vermont, Ayes,the novel seasa-Nays,13. New-mentally fascinated and charmedHampshire, Ayes, Nays, 1. Massachu- setts, Ayes, 13 Nays, 9. Rhode Island, Ayes, 8.by;Nays, 2. New- York, Ayes,principleMichigan ing.e^ierienced during the ride.Connecticut. Ayes, 101; Nays, 69. New-Jersey, Ayes, 14. Peimsylvania^Ayes,nunciatlob-of theNays, 5. Ma- Nays, Virglida, Ayes, Onio, Ayes, 46. Kentucky, Ayes, 24. Indiana, Ayes, 26. Michigan, Nays, 12. Illinois, Ayes, '.22. Wisconsin, of the State of Nays. 10. Minnesota, Nays. b. Iowa, Ayes. S. Mis-Iwill only allnde to t'53}^Nsys,;a. Delaware, Ayes, 1 ;never The;wasof tke several carsas were States witn though theyof theas the "magnates party," and dusty,Wigwam is held outside. Mayor Wxirrwosru has>wa ipsshfiig this evening. 6en. Nrs aadvGov. Mr. Palkss, of Maryland, explained that the meet- but where there are but few ICepublicaus. They the hrsl formation of tbe Party, when they had based from a sound sleep by the band at Westfield, which WaltOB11 Jefferson, b. Crossley... Baker, c. Bray, b. Saas S Walters, (lea beforewicket.)b.Cmesley... T4 Ward, b. Crossley Greacen, not out * Warner, not oatCaaan spoke to-night ta ten thousand people A the .WigwasL,ing in Baltimore, although tmall, was held under theare men wbo would go forth with tneir lives intheir bands and unite with others m the restoringthe tabric of freedom on these very words. He urged tne amendment at seme length.the latest variations on "Oh Susannah," Crt SBley. c. 1 latterstey,regularcall of theRepublican organization, and,TTbe Massachusetts delegation has adjourned after represented, backs. When the Committee considered that these unnecessary, as tbe substance of the words were em- markable time and method. H'lUinson, not out3 Byes. 3 ; leg bye*, a ;aalamy session. They say the insult offered the Mr. WiLHOT said tke explanatioB made would en- Delegates would be admitted with a full electoral bodied in the second resolution, which he read.All along the Erie Road, and, in fact, along tke USpeetloeny,.b. WBaalltUesrby tbe 14th cisuie can only be wiped out force tlie propriety of his motion. He only desired vot^, they (eared that unless tills rule' was adopted,whole we have been attracted by the singular line,W heeldon. absentByes. 8B Total «0k<f tka nomination of Basis or Wadx, and that the Committee should investigate whether inthe nominees of the iiarty might be such as would notWides, 31of the Declaration ol Independence. He, for one, be- Farmers anticipate a very large crop of fruit this Total ! 107have a majonty ol the Stales representedjactuallvhav flM AaietieaB Bepublicans declaim loudly against tlie these States there is a regular Republioen Ing Republican votes to offer to the party. Theseaabmlsaira of tlie Convention to the deinan<ls of tbe organization, to entitle them to votes here. were the moDves which influenced the Committee'sgreatlieved in the ten commandments, but he did not de-sire to see them embodied in the Platform. [Ap- and destroys the harvest.6«raiaD leaders, aad say it will cost them ConiiecU- «nt and Rhode Island.Pennsylvania, New-Jaraey, Indiana, Illinois, Mary-His only object was to inqaire into these (acts.If the Consalttee that the States have's reportedaction.Judge Jahis, of New-York, on the part ef the mi-plause.]The motion and amendment were then lost a byyear,The usual amount of gossip was indulged in by the passengers, the principal topic of Interest being, of course, the approaching Conventioe and its probableA fewWadi,CaASi.fAau SvmmitBeaeoti,aBlackRepobUeaapiperpuhliataedteapted to harmoclze the friends of LiHCOi.1, Cak- saea and Batib.ventions, and had been suggoefsted in ortdleier to carry out the Democratic policy allowing minority[Great- applause.] If thenot hesitate to say thatonebutpossiblydaysat Akron. Ohio, in which 1h* adHor account of fivesa 28th of April, speech deliraiedia that aUee, on theby Hon. Mr. a member of the EeaBiox,reg- action, and were entitled to vote, he should willingly accept the re-nority, said a rule had already lieen adofited by the Convention which gave 446 votes as a full vote of tbe Convention. The majority was, therefore, suiistdo-ular organization, and tookregularlarge vote.Mr. WitMOT moved to strike out of tbe fourteenthiaad, Mlssoari, Virginia and Kentucky, had an iu-ioraial this and uasuccessfully at- ports. It was rumored that the Delegates from Texas tiaJiy a two-third vote—304 being only 7 voles short resolution, in relation to the naturalization laws, the nominee. Mr. Sbwabb had a host of friends, who didPBTOB.From the WttskxHgtim biuOifmeir. Uf17. -•meeting evening, words"or StateHe these thoughtwere not residents there. It might be said that the of two-ttUrds. This was the rule ol Democratic Con-anywords might be construed as an attack upon StaleDelegates from Oregon were not residents there ization there, and the powers had been dele-butwill be as- there was a regular and powerful Republican organ- to rule thewhilethe;ue electedsented, to be brought In to control .the Convention the gallant hearts from Peimsylvania around aim tlie resoiatioo. He thought the resolution denied the tight of any State to change its laws relative to theBBKAKFAST AT DUBKOtE.Ireaolwd t. kareesiabll»hed it will be fraught with QuesUon. question." vote.consult. He understood some He desired to know the name efgrateiulmanner of the bounteousMaryland, indorsed all that hadchargedifas ihcyter-|make* It proper toand regiUarity of theone Could theright?principlesprinciples.here,denounce suchside was inrty gaintha mou^uli;. This, I -^-"-""^wLnat the rea<«n of their presence. Theywas not "le beUeve in theshouUlwas now asked ihat\the Republican Parti shouldtfBsaenii.wasOo than fromthan adonted.The Kapubtieaa Partr sat aectianal party, and Jud.te JiBSur, from tka Coiamlttee os ResolutloBS,address, ezpseialBg kis derotloa tociplaa and tme Amerloaniam. He kad learned hisii a aibedUfcaryeaaSapnblloan pria-,ave taaindred "jollyQuestioa!^ and a Waen Pennsylvania was called she asked for time.explainedLoud cries of "Question*" vote by States was demanded.repre-"Mr. Rxxnn, of Pennsylvania, said that the dele-^d M.1 Ws.aiCd,ics"BBMjr.. EaxmAipa,maIditat tha HMaettre»-man, snont'cd,maru Mr.(Cheers and cries of GoosiiCH said he had not''" occasion toof"The vote vras then announced, and the minorityTbe rntes, as ameiidad.w^notice that tke train from Buffalo, withtthreeP>9*r. eallaat aeaman, canwes of tl)*Ket»lvc4i:th**-votesofnatutaiizedeitizens. Ithadbeenthat this resolution did not deny the right of a State to irass such laws, but expressed opposition""S^'^e""ingSr.'iSve",^4^providesspitetiessleptexcept playImportantbeen felt that under the call this was a Nation- resolution the followingthe inventor of the slee[^g-car. forty-six,byshould lie deprived of or without life, liberty propertyUnited States,iVmfih— I hat we brand the recent reopening of theeffi-,extcrable traffic.TentA-That in the recent vetoes their F(dcraieoT- byFKOPLX—HIDE ON THK XBOIHI Hl'KON—CIGARS AKD BITNDBY TREATS—Oui EECKP-TIOK AI CHICAGO—SEWABD'S PB08PECIS— ly scream was beard. He poshed aaotlMr oae, aad.Iha, aad tbe naturallzatton clause in the platform Mr. Pbilufs, of Kansas, said he stood here as thekas tafosed sometklng ef the same feeling in ttie dele- representslive from tbe Territory wliich would havejilan from Massachusetts and Connecticut been a State to-day but for Its fidelity to Republican- las such it was deemed that the nominees that sit are endowed by the Creator with certain in- vertisements of tbe "excursion train," as to the exerted tnemsclves to the utmost, sad iMttad laety,delegates, who had been seduced by the ffaming ad-Tke tariff clause gives universal satisfaction, and ism. He did not believe that any man would desire /sliould receive a majority of the vote ol the Electoral alienable rights, among which are those ol life, liberty whereabouts of ' tkat 'ere band." In response to one particulaily Josiph and Saics. NewaA wa« wall*'that eovtrnments are in- em or border Slave States, but tne people of the stituted among men to secure the enjoyment of theseSime^.tht Republican electors of the United State., in Ckinveo- p es before his lipe took the oatk of aUegtaaee to his hnsdrsd travelers froa tkair wuStammmmi^'^ •>*coantrj, unite In the follaw-aiorettaneverbtfore, demand its peaceful and eonsti- correction was made.tational trlampii. Mr. G. W. Cuaris, cf New.York, BMved to amend Second—That the maintenance of the prioeipleff pro- the secondqiaitmenta, each laagnificentiy furalabad wlih aata,development of material resources i\ts ;former amendment was made to the^rst resolution,the Tbe PxxsinuT—If such is the case the amend- ables and soof tkaOUo, aad iCTeialandwe ccojKratulate the countiy that no Kepabllcun mem- ment is in order.wasSoIlsiutniicoain, in case ofapopnlar overthrow of their asuen- rennd of.OOHGBIOATIOa OF PIOPLB,should be put npon an equal footing here. a ing to its own judgment exclusively. iBeBaential to that till 10 o'clock to-morrow, I^st.Ur. BnczLAiiD, of Michigan, mored to amend, b)^ balance of power on which the perfection and endur-referring back the papers of Oregon to the Cemmittee also.Mr. GounucB, o{ Minnesota, moTed to ballot for President.would be but for the corruption of the Slave Democ-to force the Inramous Lecompion Constitution upoa tbe protesting people of Kansas—in conatruin^ tbe personalitnalifled property in persons— delegates (rom Texas sbould show who sent them it by a confiding people.He declaredher bosom, cold as it is, her warm sisters of theas I would aDescribe my ride on tke Hynn t NarartbatMaine would take to gladlyjolly,whistUDgundettaker.South.Mr. Hacklxua!), of Indiana, did not object to thev^lstleont m; eyesfrom rail 10 rail all but broke tke end ofttr baekbaaa[Cheers.]nearly ;admission of any Slate but Texas. He did desire tliat tke question should be investigated, and that thethe party If any compromise man or Know- Nothing offshould be nominated. The Missouri delegates tried minute after we started, was caught bj lh« liniamiance of our political faith depebda, and we denounce the lawleaa invasion by an armed force o( any State or Tertitcrj-. no oiatter under what pretext, as among tbe gravest of crimes.and cries of "Ballot" en- sned, amidst which tke Freaident put tke affirmative in motion to adjourn, aad declared the ConventionCbicaoo, Wednesday, May 16.Fi/rA—Ihai tke present Democratic Administration hBB far eiceedid oar worst spprebenBlODS in Its meas- areless subsei viency lo tbe ezactlons of a sectional in-miles InImpossible. I hare always notlcad thBtaagtaaararelationlie:wet--nmasterandservanttoinvolve an un- in its attempted enforce- ment everywhere, on land aad sea, tbrouKb tho inter- vention ol Cougresa and the Federal Courts, oi the ex- tieme preteosivns cf a purely local interest, and in its gcnei al and unvari log abuse of tbe power intrasted toIn the Germanresolutiorswere almost unanimously adopted to sup- port enly trae Republican candidates, and to leavein its tei.denoy, and subversive of the peace and lu»- mony of tbe country.Eighth—tb&t tne normal condition of all the territory of tbe United States la that of freeoom: that as oar re-whena all our national territory, ordained that no person—I.ATIOKS IN THK CARS BRBAKFAST AT BUH-ed in a heap, the engine wouldwhenever suchlaw,duty, by legislatiin, legislation is ntcessary, to maintam this provision of tne Constitatijn against all attempt to violate it; and we deny the authority of Congresi, ol a Territorial Legislatare. or of any individuiils. to give legal existence lo Slavery in any Territory of theas aMay morning.Hepolled a rod, aad aa aaeaith-of non-iiiterventioo andPopular Soverei,;nty,SouthernR«ad,tlonsI Time and space w onld fail me to deaeiibe tke ^aak- ng-car, the boxes of cigars, the gin oocfc-tail Jog*, tte brsndy flask and the wnieky sling* which were fradyThai deception and fraud involved therein. Eleventh— Kansas soould of right be immedi- ately admittetl aaa State under the uousticntion re-1ryland, Ayes, 4 C. 30, cently adopted by people, accepted bly made. occupantssouri, Ayes, 4;Nays, 14.California, Ayes, 4Nays,postsencouragecevelopment ,indui^trialinumber of spectators yet present, every inch of room beiag filled in every part of the building.for public bounty, and we demand tbe ElyicCaontnagress of the complete and satisfaccory Home-stead measure which lias already passed the House that tht Mstional Kepublican Party is opposed to any change in our natnrallzatlon laws, or any State legisla-that^v^xvABslarge number of framed portiaita of enunent patriots andsable portion of their outfit;deadly oppoied to him. So is Dlinols, ao is New-Jersey.;as tointerest of the whole countrpolicy of nlaitbieoranlal exchaDgteoa which secareB to tuc work- mgmen wages, agriculture remaaeratinirantke ISth inst.delegates attending the Charleston Conventionother line.and B^ectators rising and round of deafening cheers.round after Mr. Caxtsb, of Ohio, said he was confident that allgationsgivingcame alongproceededtoarrangeThis match was resumed on and ter- Thnraday,the call for theenable Mm to offer an amendment to the Platform.Convention order tbe previous question, by 155 to 301,ik, 'prerious question,order totook the lower and I the upper one. In:'»'"'»represented at the bat by Fobs, Bakxb, WauxBaaad GxiAcss, the latter being a very superior batter, aadThat we solemnly reassert the self-evident trutlisment.Mr. GiDsmca—I have the floor, and kojie lay col-At every stopping-place, the d^pet, and adjacent TBBsLiT was not up to his mark in Itng-clopping aa heto Con- Judge JxESCF, o( Peansyivanla, said that the reso-ever,gotall by the Conductor, H bo contented hlmseif by looking at us -instead uf W. B. Maun, of Pennsylvania, said he csime from lution had been carefullv drawn. It was considered ill-naturedly compelling us an exhibit of tickets ev-on the Naturalization Laws. That be iiutiated nere, and to tnis ue was opposed. [Loua gress.applause-]Hodulfrerotf- RepresenUtlvea. My attenttoa was especiallycans on the question of naturalized voters- straight;;aad every nerra la my she was an infant child. She was at least growing. rcinomy and acconntahility is indispensable to arrest the most earnest opponents of Mr. Batbs are Dr. A. less hen was neatly shaved away ikeo two Hlbar-ofRepublicans would stifle the voice of 'Texas becauseTexas, said;The Germans were with them, and ere long ttiey,but met with noWhatever.Amonghereckless which extravagSLcedid not believe thepervades every depart- ment of tbe Htderal Government; tbat a return to rigidpartifacstbat the mstlon should come from a gentleman (rom that an entire cJiange of Administration is impdratir elywould have a there. He powerful party;regretted fraud and corruption at the Federal Mttropolia sbow The resolutions of tbe Conventldn were ordered to be load-slde,eloquent, and was loudly applauded tkraogkouL Judge Jseai;r desired to aaieiid a verbal mistake In the name of the It was priated la tka resolu-LAKk saORZGeneral Agent Wk.R. Babb hadtiwul<£>&T-|>"ton what Is termed the • Director*' ear,* ait at Ma puWlcsn rarty, snil that the can»«» which called it in- strike ont the word " National," as tbat was not the kind Invitation I became one of tbe tev wte «•• to existence are permantst In their nature, and now, Bsme by which the party was properly knows. The adatltted therein. Tbe car was dlvMad iMie twoIn resolatioa liy adding thereto the preludevarious other eoavaadaaeaa. In tke car were Hon. Mr. Sbxixx, Mayor ot Clara^whoMr. Gionnios urged the adoption of his amendment. Cannons were fired and bands discoursed sweethsd beea in the first lanings—ride 40 wide* and kye*.will ask no favor of me. Mr. Caktbb—Oh, no. I will not.places,spectators,lustily pace.is score The fallowing theHw-ioBK—is issiaos. Sharp, c. Hallia. li. Wal-ursshould be entitled to vote here for the State ? knew there were some gentlemen here from peiiCence, and he urged upoa Republican Party I WalurBStales, honored wherever courage is honored, not TO recede (rom tbe position they had occupied at was kept up, for about II o'clock was awakened Sams. c. Walters, h,moved to refer tiack certain States to tbe rights arc respected. These were the main consid- erations that influenced tbe Committee, but more con- Committee to decide what vote the several States siderations of much w eigtrt confirmed tiieir action. shall be entitled to. In order to enforce the argument Kansas, Nebraska, and tlie District of Columbialeague:BXWAXK—nooaa uiaiaai,Mr. Castbb said it was all gas that had been ex-nearly every Congressional District in the State was did not come with a party and organization at tlieir pended by his eplleagae on the amendment. It was should we ,moum departing friends," in most re- HIghain,b. HallisGovernment to the policy of theFatners; but they'• 43 wldes,g »Mr. £u Tbatze, of Oregon, said tbat the amend- ment of the lentleman from Ohio certainly embodiedmUhpibis—Mr. Saslxb' for New-York Mr. Gbbai- HBAS lor Newark.Aaather Dael ATeite4>A CHAKAOTZRIBTIC OABD FBOM HOB.- BOOZB A.trutlis, but many great truths nad been leftfullness of blosscm on the peach and apple trees.;legislation,"him couldand FaxHon were equally«aaguine. Sleepiness, how-since I of the receiTM an iasuerights.Mr. GoosEtcH, of Minnesota, denied that any Stats;and atMr. WiLMOT said he might have misBnoersiood^ seven every man of us was eatingtwoCabl Scbdbz said as tbe amendiaent was with-and believing tbat a good hearty meal would aid me in keeping" beUerv." Yes. How an yon, Mr. Fsgea rdrawn, it was not to make many remarks. necessaryI understand, Mr. Eoim, that yoaOrder," and hisses.from Pennsylvania bad 'found it necessary to the Republicans 300,000 votes. They asked this reso- gcod-nstured and comfortable, r partook in uiuisi tooklove aess of luwithrightbseen foundState having been called for tke fourth time, and tbe rights oi naturalized clllzens and Germans, it stood in the doors, sto«i on the window-sill, hung speech in the Amatright, [Gtaat ai>. was esfed friends of the of the party. TheytheJudgaNassodbox,ofCladnnatl,madeaneloquent ersaUuyengkagBed,:,tb„e,ch.e^er.,.w,hleha»r,«,i,e,„U CUaa; • ' oftb*That w«, delegated represeatatirm «f tW. Biskaattwaslabaad witk iUaarican prlncl- The tb^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069sUab««id"«(the covtacter staitadAt*Untitled Document';out.cfpPossibly you wonder at our having an appetite at sogatesretire tothatthePeople'sPattyofhisSutehadnorightto andself-reBpectgiveit300.000again.AlPnliadel. sotemptiriglylaidontbeforeus.Theotherchspa.I me?" Iwas.Wtmfitkr and with the name of Sxvash for Presl- been said by the genUeiaan from Pennsylvania. of the People's Party to vote, but the name of the State Legislatures ossaed laws assailing the WUie we vera at breakfast, crowds people The appeinmea^df Che nport of Mr. Esxxitai'fLoud cries of,••anythe of naturalizedInterferencethe right citizens; but since it had thatadjourned till 10 to-morrow.Twenty.ninethirtymiautea!Daceilbetttpartmentsensued,Invitatlos ofA BID! oa iHi nsm hubok.stand It. I should regard a joklag, trlllaf aagiaeerBepublicanConvention to-day,'Be my ear* off; theroAlng air wateencouragementFBOMSLKXFIKG-CASS THBALOKG THE LIH«—FECrt-BLOSBOMS—SPgCD-go- *«e- ceeded each other so swiftly that tkeyaaeaed Uke fence-stakes, and while the vuiou* growtha *f wheat, oats, potatoes aad com. looked aa If tkey wae plaat-andof the resolutioiis, and therefore moved the tastened hair mattresses. Cot-like frames were low- of a home-and-home match between these Club*the same them,coveredwithgoodwarmblankets. Myered from the ceiling, havinguponcompanion that willplayed " " When the swallows homeward fly," aadb.Hallis Why 'Wilby, run nntSunless some unforeseen occurrence takes placeno ftiendSYIt,pn- blackguard m* iaanent speech lastyle of bedot snorisgs, in spite of discussions between am- say they playno more matcties withaayarm and chair*, table*,wereand to be distributed amosg tiR delegates of wits, and before taey had recovered flteis, we hadrushed a frantleally,fearfullyby *tatios4nsuchdcaepioximiiy to a freight-train that I held my brealk and trembled lest the next second should be last. I had no idea before of the manner la wklchmyaa am- gine"jumps." ButIhavenow. WhilewewareKIBE—BADGBBS-OH—DIBICT088' CAB, AND roll,likea andIna unsar- frightened horse, "dianhlA more delightful trip of equal lengthproba-circulated the — through canbeweary.ation to others of the public lands held by actual in this train, bound for tills place, could be a Demo- The city is full, the hotels an faUar.pnccs.adequateNo.iOO, I am now writing at 1 o'clock Tuesday momii^ tired andXsirftmlA— That we protest against any sale or alien-;largest policy which regards the settlers as paupers or sup- crat. Everybody was dressed in black prunella swear will be the sonsinee,passageanddoubtedly BawABn and Liaooui staad, aow, tke beststatesmen, and the handsome banners of the Young tion by which the rights of citizenship hitherte accorded curly hair, and broad black watch-guards sustained The delegates from each of theae States laf la* eaa-Toey have Killed me oe- cause 1 was oppotea to the extension of Slavery andappropriations by Congress for River and Uarbor im-provements of a uational character required for the ac-commxiaticu and security of our existing- coiimierce,arr- authtrizeii by the Cou:-.titution uod jnstlfie.l by anobligation ol th-j Gcveicment t* protect tbe lives and they ought propert.v of its citizens.api cared the inscripiion:the number of honest hearts ou'slde, wno had,through a corami'.tee, requested bov. Rassall, of peratively demanded hy the interests of the whole;Wisconsin, to address theiu ou the political questiaus country that the Federal Oovernmeot lowam'' v> hich has tieen erected for the I campaiga,will reserve sa account of it and its for a fntnra let- ter.The city Is beautifully liluminated ia portions. Tha delegates and visitors nave every occasion to feel grateful for the attentions shown them thus far by theVl/giida23votes,KeniucKy'23,Oregon0, Marylandtinctive principlesand views, we invite the cod,>cratlon I confess to a great curiosity on the subject. The The weather is pleasant, vegetable* an backward. 01 all citizens, however ditTerieg on other questions,ISixtfrttthwho substantially agree with us in their affirmance and support.When the resolutions were read several elicitedwarmThe resolution in favor of a protective Tariff wassweet peas, strawbente*. feet long and ten feet wide. It was divided into com- &c.,«c. Oh, Chicago, why art thou aot ChaitestaaTcrooked-handled wooden canescotton umbrellas formed anPresldeBt. But tt looks dark. Un-of tbe road Mz,j Fold,ofBocta o<bers. A bountlfta ooUatlon with ilrtakahla sTAST banners, caanon,EbginaarI Batx*, tookblewthe Joggling of the aogme as It laapadunnaturalnuiwithwhichwewere moieleisuretowatchtteengineer. Hesta*ascalmto the in Room Briggs House, where,which Newark has been victoriousbeat the New-York Club in oae inning, and tbey nowon each side waseightv-sevcn. The result of the seeead tanlaga la:bringingtiowlingentirely:;with the loss of only *lz « completely out-olued bv tbe Newatfcaia, allkaaghIuaqsnii|S "No, nolhka wtutever." turned to IhcblfBjMBn aad said. o'&entleiBen, bear,"The Jfag-anas<f"(*way>«*tahaA.i'UWtisstsn'an ailiela »TiPm»uP}"aaodnaEBdonoaed^amboTabty Pitbwfrt.jnmp, l^pujdtlp,aadnumber of the CormUUa^a^PH^P^  iiifTr"