^Ito foUowbir ll*TM ( copied ftom the RnUtuAn Act for the reliei of Hockiday&LlggltComptroller the judgment in this esse, on the ground3 OCO Mich. So 8 F. B TT^ 50 ISOM.T. Central R.... i\\ 200cehtsales as lowas 81 but at the close j,Mjp- The,-ithis refusal sufficient to them in justifyKeiawhlle. tbej fortot ta par their tuei lait jresr, sad Am Out, the andihto Frencliinui who, withof Mr. Uiat reaaoa,Praan, wu^.. for. BsBMek .(o (oralah the fundi for P^non's Balk- kead, boacht the whole at the Tax CoUector'* aao- tlon. and the tlma for tlMlr redemption ezplrea on theAn Act for tbe relief of the CaUfonIa Stage Com-1..mt laic niBt BtMl...,' ya^JHmiB itatloiu,They comprise Kngllih, Ametioans, (Germans,TmTnoa. The letter in tbat paper was a rebuke to Bombay,should consider it bisdotyitw,teraaii; C.fcooDTerdoo liom eoDrletioa, Tlie eloquent suasloBt that win these people to pro- fess themselves Boaiaaltts are not tliose of trath, but oftbetaaderpasslai. ThefactIs,peoplehaveataa-Mr. the Noyai tbonriit^§>illilaj IHeeoold Ml faraBonaat the Idea tbat one Judge was aot taitum. to 8t LnK, er to Haitpuea. TheTerrplease you so well as that lately pubUsbed InKovussi, kulnetsef t^ settee lajss w^^^^iofthePoorhaifOBanaderSwedesaadDanes. Tbeaeoretoftheis,wardEly,deceased,lateConsulat dplet of jnstlee and equity.sense of will Induoe col- Smith, justice you to place in youron Byracote,TbeJ^jr^Me, list was called, aad eaetattaTS:¥[e DDdentmd that the Seeratent- «r ft*ftanflwaaat. Iniood condition. They » dwi «K Om war fiom SUt Lake, had a pleaa-Washingtoo »S«aji».aiMliiadaediflfliilty with the Indiana. Pre-wh«Bafbrel|iiarwoaMBiaR7An aot for tbe relief of Elisabeth County. Tenn.Smith,Intmat. at pw,whichfillsinwof their peril they blundered ItaMdi it. A. oonpany which itartsd from Carson forih>B Salt Lake City.;professes,toovuttep, perhapttlie bounds ofgood\bis associatesprinting.A resolutionJustice on any of tboae«Iay;the motion was regularly on, pursuant to«iale'the SloiUanl. 'Not a stroke of work has been donecorroborative affidavits that the knownstating building Captain George H. York testiied that on tVertag moMas*°TM better roasoa must be as-£fceDtyjBllBon».doUa».V00,000, waa deposited to his eredUtoo miles oa their journey and pnt )kaek.«anMdbr the speed that Mormon famllleafor, ofooniae, tlie espeases and dlspensatioa«o»».opposingtheafter*piln-mWftweart the however, somstUng gtan»l ofCainBelty,arebam<d;aC&aaa Dir Ciaak aad Slmpeoa'a Park by awMll— Tat,Mi«atatatan,R.J. Woos and a JM^ ttM mn, t tiwniaa, 11 wagena, «0 head of eaV Mf,mHtttmi«mmf, ami lata Caraon VaUeywallremoTe4mere repcstoriai nonsense—(Jkit, whloh I trust ataokThe Nneva Lake people hare suddenly been cargo of aims and military stores.THEATRC.JuvenileCharles S. £tu(acM.—This was an DelinquentsMessrs. W. T. C. Noyes and John McKeon, Ittie Corporation Coun- " But little businett wsBroused out of a state of tancied security to a sense of danger. A party of miners at Owen River had feeea set upon, three of the^i killed and a foorth wounded. On Sunday, Gen. Ctiaa had telegrams fiOB the West Walker River refion. Imploring a ooanpsny of dragoons, MO stand of arms and i,000 xoundsof ammunition.Society forpasud thraaAtrailona AnHCathoUo sects, and per-JohntOB, deceased.It won'd be..k^^ II... or«.isuadedoftkairerrorsandinconsisteneles,ardently to eaibrace the Roman Catholic AposfoUc religion as tbe only true. Accordingly, he waseale- ehlied hy tbe Pretbyter, Don Domaoo CASaiao, and oa said Xaater Stmday. prior to ihe pubUo JBSis, lieAnAotfortbereUefofWllilamA. United Statee Mavy.t«tBefeltIt bis TremaUr, tety,Psatise<K (wss regenerated by the saving wstersholyColawbiu..«8 40 Ou^iaer Bin .\ Videney to (at mtnlsd. And bate the law puts a seater from Rome at tlM mercy of the priesttbeUttme(ibeeaSe.aBdaal)alltad thai bis Honor An act for tbe relief of E. George Squier, of New. oubtnottobearitdls- Some- timee a couple of hundred dollars slacken the grasp, 8BattTe. Sometimes application is made to Roms for the leave to marry, Protestant with Romanist and thence obtained, paidon tbe womenTbe eorrespoadentt'' of otber Journals, at your(lUOtaUons from Tai Tntss prove, contented them- aelret with jesting allusions to the behavior of a por-tion of OUT women, who, not being educated as Bastem alaves, nor debarred partaking in social fts. ttnues by tbe degrading tuspiciont of heathen rela- UTessndthebedtsand chains of a guarded harem,amountingMr.Noyes stated that they had been there to aj^issued throughthe contractor, and he also refuseslitftabk last week from loud lamentations over the arrangements. Meanwhile, the ridge has to be and, therefore amongThese is such an abundant supply of old wheat Inyears bytome time past readeis the esgagemeala far the'-•ar'gltaailestbey also bad bread and teaing was called out again toquell a disturtmnce withexceedingly Ught for tto aaaan.kotialBg bill. to theaaiand mills that the croakers could not-would shrink from evincing? As aniAmerlcan woman,has been for theatrical since opened performancesthe 1st of May, I860, without a license, and theatricalhave been exlilblted there- repeatedlyIt the owner or lease of said building, and the manager and proprietor of saidsuing steamerMesnvrblle, coontiy esgagemenu bars baas ^rt la'canaotco^vata-ftBght, Ike frost snd the late rains ;—In spite of which all tta Isdlcationa are that the wheat and barley crop* tkto year thronghout California will be im- venaely large.Oar Clumber of ComBerce has been exercised agood deal by the proposed new Tariff and Ware- through that short distance. In fact I am told thepeilormancetand If we late oar bnstbass friends on much___^^__ FROM NEW-QRANADA.QiiiUota leaves no profit at all. but it just absorbedenjoined opening aevereiyon tbe 16th ot May, McDonald refuted to;for shipment to China. The regslar rale has been ^, though sales have been made as bigb as SM par.MBerafantoB SHU ImaiaeBt—Gea'. Berrsw—Detearian arthe Malls.of the road are It will be comport feeling, J uttered aexceed- ingly duU. State and our County Bonds of 1836 ant^rnBfHiiHCt Iff tkt N€w-York Tima.Paaaiu, Tuesday, June 19, 1880.There is ootral America or the South Pacific since theIKlrbT, Byra* * C»>' SJMspecialnews toreportfrom thisdeparture signate.suffering watch and watch" until the vessels. s. Co., M. y%2a.i*a Ti-le.HcCahUlAi^o. U,im.J.H.Cogbm 4,IMofthesteamerilricffromTblt eonntry la still tliresteoed with a general revo- lotlra. Thebestandmostconservativemenofthe Coafedesaticn—among the most prominent of whom is Gen. Haaaaa—have despaired of effecting peaceThe American ship TKomoj H, Perkins arrived last week from Sidney, 33 days outon theAsplnwaUon the 9th lost.:um gM( tJU» ijn*Keaio*ti»>efdorleg fortnightgbrought interrogatories proposedthe wreck, but they refiued to appear.Inst.,Chambers of the Supreme Court and was In reportedwere arraigned, yesterday, beforeproprietorsbought off, (or he holds things now at a dead lock.1, 1839.in request at our quolslions, and very acaroe."wors „The fcUowing is the Specie List of theletters fromGen. MoseciaA, in a letter wiittentoa friend in Mii-curiOj M. Palma: He maintains that the ti-mpo- be Inat Ilos blave American officer a"dprivateBogotaULder date of I7ihMay.who Is a widow about mBogota, states tbat he has 3,uuo men under arms, aou that he bat no intention of dicbandiog them unless the general Government shows a dUpositioa to respect the lights of the States, and that he hat Invited the otter States to joinin Ihe recent l;;nd f'auds by meaus of false tices and moiig^^ges, wes brought uo yesleiday be-iodocsed. acceptances"Um and march on the Federal capital If the present Government does not desist[The above very just and indignant rebuke of the df/tndant to svptnnttnd tke bar and h'luse^for which forgery of a bond and mr.rtgage, without ttating any- <£6 months indorsed bills, averaging November orintber with tbe news of MosQciaa's haVlng pro- ted. Maybe it will only be aanc! his family live with her.Tbe defen- ant hat also read the affidavits of fouractors In said theatre, who severally say, In tub- stance, that they have beer and are employed in tald theatre, and consider Mrs, Eichtngeras tke lessee of theto warrant tbe magistrate in holding tbe orlsoner. After discussion tbe counsel desired a further return, and tbe matter was adjourned.Tbeiul, D<« only from the Northwest where ttie lookCieat ezdtlment, It Is said, at Bogota. It is current- not a interview with him. permitted partingTbe District- Attotrey moved on the case of Wm. lor the Grain harvest is tbe fines"!known for minyly reported tbat the Legielative Assemblies of theStates of Magdalena and BuUvar have decreed tboseStateaiodhpendent, andasstgii as a reason therefor, to the scaffold. And why? Because of bad com- Uiat ttie government of the Confederation at Bogota pany. Don't imitate me. Shun bad company." Then Ills violated, the federal compact entered into on theSSd of May, less, in pursuance of the provisions ofchild,iollowingthat has soletkratrr, a*d she tke management thereof,Mr. Ashmead said he was not ready;Mr. w^« Bradyyearsclose of June, but from agood por-militaryfederal officer—the latter claiming the right, under a pointed temporarily to a vacant seat on the bench o{kaown as " Eustachl's VV.lks Theatre." That In October, 1657, he was prosecuted unaer tbe Theatrical License law, and judgment vw oitalned SL'ainst blm, and under execution oo that judgment he has been arrested, and is now in custody of tbedecent act of Congress, to employ the militia of the theState, wiilcb the foimer woula not allow. Legation at Washington.consequentlyof The next step will probably be open hostility to the About fourteen culprits in Santiago have recentlygeneral Government and a genera^ civil war, as been sentenced to be publicly nTheir CTorything portends to the Cotmcilof State for change of punishment hassuch a result The Confed-cratloa may be said to be in a state of disruption al- be'n thionnout.yesterday. Jury tetmii.efl thst the defendant was resmnsibie for thethe traffic over the two Kichigan lines from Chi-President Ospuia. was 12 vlout year It;to a— AnAct(ortberellelofOongressiouaiTownship toMrs.Eiaclblieig.egderthedefendanthasbeenapparently InctABAU.J.—Bellvs.Graham,Tbppenttat.vs. cesslulbids— toXngUshSollvarattemptedtoarresthim,allegingthathewas venereal,consumptionandlevers.";going to the United States to purchase arms to use against the existing Government of Bolivar. Seiior CaanSBAS succeecied in getting to the house of Mr. Maibhu, United States Consul at Carthagena, before lie WBS arrested, and claimed the protection of tbe AnMrlcsn^sg, and finally made his escape.Mr. Jgass, United States Minister to tbe Granadian CoDlederatiOD, is on his way to the United Slates.Tue Alleghanlan Singers and Bell lingers are inyo, 6, north of Range No. 6 west, ill KandolphCounty, Slate o( Iniiana.An Act to amend sn Act for extending tbe laws andin possession ot these premises and carrying on the biiRliess, and during all that time has conducted him- self as tbe owner and proprietor, directing, superin-United States Trust Co. .t6S,000 at a premloB of 1.17Be isMr. TAHBinns having ordered the. captain and'purser of the steamship tnti not to receive any more nsii matter on board that ship, two large malls, onecompany.Carpenterprohabiythe time for the Northern liistrictol Florida.at Carthagena now.An act toAn act to carry Into effect provisions of the treatiesme Ceatral American States and tbe other fromthe Sauth PaciSc, were detained here some tea davs-when the> ml^ht just as well as not have cone for-wardbytbatiteamc-r. Mr.VASnaaBtLTisverycensured heie (and wUl be all along the coast, whenthe fact is known,) tor tbii, act, which to say the tbe fir-t three monihs of this year was »77(l,O00Siam, facis tend to this result Tne statements offrefillpapers, quoting E•'osllsh at we lomeUmes oo French or Lalln, nhouts Go ataead 1"least of it, eviiii-,t» nn utter(or the wants of There are but two ships-of-war in part— the Uol'ed S;aies steamer Saranac and Her BritishAlajssly s ship C'lo."Theie is no later news from the .Souththe public.Inoies.IIiII:Intt per ilrxlFrom the Panama star and UeraVl, June I'J.By the schooner SautilM, at Asplnwall, tbe mallsI91?,C.B4t. 97 e.GflOilch.S. IstMBs. £5from Carttagena to the 1st Juno have It Is reported that thebuilding, the defendant and blJfaijillV ^ove also lived6.000 at 101.265.0S3It Is not stated whether MosqusaA isBsrk B. F. Shaw, cargo coffee, tailed for Califor- therein.i.5|i| m conductor and (and the real 20Mer. tx.Bs-.k ... 97 so do -ij;;*fsnetalIs m'SSii',^An act toauthorl/ethe relssueof land warrants Inandin tbatthealreamnesy, butit is to be ^nia on the 15th Inst She hado( the "Eustachl'sVolks"*"" *" """ """" LATER.theCltyof PhUadelphla.- An act'to authorize thet S6?i »•)The steamer Prince arrived attest., wilb dates from Bogota to iSieAoB Carthsgeni to the 4th June. "''^'fortnight ago.i.lsregardIlumuunt- It is now the lOib ol May, and yet we have nut hadllui Mav "a»n^d Ceagnss lud adjourned on the I4tta ult.Ageuclet152 do... 60 do.. 6C do....100 do... 6 do...fSX- t OfO(lOClev. fcTcl. B^t60 31SmA card has been pabUstaed Inm"landi Id alternate »e«tioiis lo the State of Mlt-in exblbiting theatricalwithout Ucente3\\i bio 31'. bSOSli^ KJChi.ft Rockl. R 69'iTiempn. sioncH h. the delegates from the States of Panaina and SanAn actperformanceiaged woman, Mr. Eicblnger, tie allegeddo 89^ 60 doIncluded In the presumed that he is3D Del. ft Hlid, Ca. Co. 97 ;i«Ill. Celi.lt.scrip.^giH435,000 at 101.17Ele^bn Law Asplnwsll on fh« fiihhad.location of certain warranttresponsible for the on tbejustlyfrom C^quimbo aad Its dependencies during other puriwses.^alesattheStock' S2,oroTeDn. 6s 'so 9i}iKxchaBce-Jun37.Tbe sullurlng among cattle Central Amei ica uiaii what I (orwaideU on the »th for pasture has become extreme.done In relauon to these premises or the butiaess there carried on, or has been In any way connected therewl>h, except tbat a verbal lease of the premises4.C( iHnO R K. 2H M.lOO 50 1 000 Bud R. B. 3d U. SIM 00... .. .PaclBc andeven a shower of rain.at lOr-IScent netting. per cent netting.centper retting...FROn CBtLI.gaWglaae Bbtten—Case af tke Brl* Tewa- Conn., died. His (uneral Is to take place to-morrow.mThe WestWaaUaiMh IHarket Case. A OBOICI 0> JUDOIS.The People, and Taylor and Brennan vs. The Mayor, ^c.-Thit it the commencement of the argu-Wis HDel. t. ft W. B.... 96 it-4.and Burlington to74 both firm on. the current traflSe re- cent,,1 Jaaeer-Tfee Yalparalaa aad SaoUaae ray-aUaeeUaMMa.t ^r Ms Ains. rsrk Ttass. Tttrtiiiio, Wednesday, May, 2, 1880.TheCsMMes, fCaOoile Eerlew.) It heralds the convert etoape of a child from being b urled alive. It died onIllimiU Tbe declinehim,al»o. an sffidavlt of LouispartsJune, Southern Ohio. Kentucky, Teniwssee, and"You see the situation I am In. Soon I marchof this previously completes record stating that In 1857 be wat employed by defendant as not expect it to be called tbat day. Tney would be State. The seasonable rains some weeks since intakingthe Legislative Assemblies, and the Superior Courts of three brothers. Good bye till we meet in fha valley June 30, 18i«.SupremeCourt He was at one time 'before Sheriff, on4be limits or otbernlse. That May1 nserted thereia.6thina. aBut bis eon, 14 years old, being admitted, the father said toThepassed by Congress is in addition to that which weDunnifian, cha-ged with the mvrderof Wm.Hiekey.out from his four pockethe saidAn Act confiiming certain land entries under the third seclion of the Act of 3d March, 1855, entitledhavetbe Wh<Mtbrought and Indian Comrials, " This Is all I have tnsadly toEicblnger, who became the lessee n( the establish-till to morrow.Tbe Grand Ju9-came in and presented a numberGeorgia,theHie Conttltntlonrand consequently the executives, are for your mother, and the rest/or you and your l-oet-nffire Department Curing the fiscal year endingthat hestill is 60 retained, and it is part of his duty n re- ol indictments.outcrops finely,where in the was May promisetiie States, shall assume and exercise the faculties of Jehoihaphat" Tbe bystanders were affected toceive and paj" out the moneys taken for admission to James Collins pleaded guilty to an attempt at may- 'An Act (or the relief of Coi'igressional Township the theatre, under the direction of Mrs. Eluhinger, hem. He was sentenced to tbe Penitentiary (or one prospect in Illinoia and Iowa has beento the general Government, under the C3n-until tbe federal Govem-The decree Invests the (rovemors of these twoStates with full power to enforce it at their discre- are always public, unless the offender be ation. In the State of Magdalena. the Governor has deserter or mutineer.liad some difficulty with the intendente General, a Don FaARcisco Solano AsrABURcAOA has been ap. An Act to coqfirm certain land claims in the Terri-year. JameaCarrollIlielaagiiigtears.Capital punishmentM.Michael Rourke, charged withtbemurdet of James Corn are at present very heavy, and thefor the timeaaant is thoroughly reorganised.here ismuskets. Hanging. I bejeve, is sometimes the een. penses c( the Government for the year eadlng Junealso beenthat before Mily, 1557, the deler.daut was proprietorShendan.charged|iChicago.Thedailydeliveries of fbdiansrtltQtion,being,always executed with tence, but criminals are always shot. The executionsAn Act making appropriations for sundry civil ex-Counter-affidavits haveo( xeady. The income of the Coplapo Charity Hospital, dur- souri, and (or other purposes.SeRor Cassxras, a Government officer from Bogota, last year, was $23,7(XI ingAn Act to the second section and oUier no: - repealtloiis of an Act, passed the 2d day of June, 1856, en- titled "An Act to provide for tbe Incation of certain toTheNew-York State Loan, redeemable in 18 months,to^[»assed through Panama a few days since en route for less.Scuador, supposed to be on a secret mission from I,e09. Tbe mortality was 17 per cent-I i—Jt-'"•m 9gH)e yeto-feorfe 9t1nu0r®t)ttr0dcts, imie «8, !•«•.«( Itmllu libarmCD, who, vmed to the taetta, perslit Amerieaa, a naUve of Boston, Mr. HoaAOi Shsht. The jrapaacae 'Tlaltani, <the Slanden >«b orTtaomai P. Jones, deceased : and Naasy M. John- be (Judge Bronsoa) presumed Justice Peckha-nNew.T«»k Bflrtac Bmi«, Joe 97.la itBaUac Um egfi ud brlsgtag them to muket. TMs lanUinMB, according to kls own ooafessUn, badA— TttktSdUtro/euWerU:fee to $500 or t«aO. At other times thexxsoLtTTioaa fambd.AResolution(ortbeS. Baldwin to the active list of the Navy.iV,I?2'J!;5?**'"'- !sL!3l?J?'t.ott'b'e!?^J!?5-"* objected peetpoBementWcounsel^tafPaak(ot1M» aaklnx ta clear the track, upon notice serred poor wight is induced to sell his conscience and allowed tbemtelvet, in a very pardonable cariosity,In tMathe first half of theto consider certaljt4erms olEightof the crew of theCity,Liverpool packet-sbin try escaped with a Kghlar vidtatton. Trade U theintaior watTl)e Sacramento Standard died on Saturday last.'BoTHi tta accomplished editor, couldn't stand Doua-gjlS, aad would not if the united Democratic Conven-Uoa had inflicted him upon tlie party, and so down per month. Disagreement arose, however, after tunlliet occurred for the maltitndlnout "amoart"landbS.^ Tmridgeof San Pedro, near QulUola, at amotedtbanotkertrlaa; "nr tbt mnll itnsiaetuta little.for twoto give up the affair and let the Company make other" "the freed omt" luch as profesilonally degraded"sold from fint h^ris, St tm^crossed by a staionary power, drawing the freight,that I have a right to protett In the name o( decency.a tansfaetory mannerand passengersan inclined plane. This involvesIn the name of Christian charity, and In the name of in that tbethe fourth watchApril, when the vessel was dlsmsitedup;dtfficaltychange of cars twice in thirty miles, as well as nodpfendanttheatre, and of the busineis of thettiical " "i-ltTttrliiliails. aie readiness with wUehallobttn^ Uons are canceled. On ffrat-elasi pnsr. ariMr-tmall But it is worse for the Company, sincethepalms toworkwithdelay.they have an engine and train of cars on each sideexhibiting petiormancet therein, and has neglected to take out> •<*•* «TMm«!«1obs whieh weretbeThe whole number of patients for 1859 wasfor $5 846 18.temporaryAlbany yesterday, amouDtsdtown again, and evening.advertise their final concert this^judicial system of tbe United States to the 'and for other ^-SCPIRIOR COCBT^PgCIALIj|j|United..I.'O.nooat a of 1.2t premium;per cent, owing—Cotton vs. Cotton. Same.—Mot'ons denied,ReferredA. H.-Cunningham, C. T. Page, F. Smith, J. Egert McLaughlin and lady and three daugtitcts ar-rived by laiit sieanier (rora Panama.The tunnel o( San Pedro, on the railway to Q'lil-lota, lias been stopped for 24 months, tlirougta lawsuit with tbe conductor, to the immense detriment of theSlate ofand the snme. imnagirig30ih Jane.Tbcxsbat. HhITID BtaTITS DtBTRICT COURT.—Nos. 37, 3'J,Thompson Brothers R. H. Kirg....J. B.T>luni0Silas BronsonSilas Bionson. H. H. Martinof 1.(7 370 000 at a premtam of 1.17 150.r>00 at a preoilaiii of I.V -25.000 at a pramiam of IJtl I ii 25,000 at a premlem ot 1.51 of 1.15 of l-U I 56Itisreportednowtbatanarrangementhat been effected, and that the work will speedily be re- sumed.warrants,oH.tseubusiness therecarried*Vermllye Caroenter & VermllyeR. H. Berry R.H. Berry R,H Berry E. Whalen E.W'hslen E.WhalenBeyond Qulllota the laying of the track as far atCalera has been contracted lor, at which one of the between1860,Thevalueofcopper,Inbars,oretandregulut,ex-mittingporled$45,000 qqis. of copper, $12,000 regulut and $5;(,uouiswithin of them strongly support It.M Bailtoad.. Beading 40V(On all these export duty Ispald, edlntbltcatetot38,600.obtdoedpioVnAThb N«w-Yobk Tikk was courteous enough to pnbllsh a letter a day or two tbiee signed " A True American Woman," which seems to have given you Infinite gratitcatlon, because it mourned theWlndee,oftbeand.'orCCBCISb......-- *.....M nwhosethe hill, and thus, counting the engine on the summit mott limocent curiosity. Other journals bave been tohave three locomotives for train that everyper- andshipthey would not workpumpedand tbey went Into tbe fore-the were sifted to find a libel on wo- man more foul than the words quoted from your col- GLAUCUS. per month, snd that tbe Income of the road fro n umns, it could not be (oimd. Yotir paper has shownformances therein witliout a license;neither Christian spirit nor manly forethought la thelanguage it has used. Where, if there had been has, for twenty-four months, been in law, any one thoughtless follies, a soriowful rebuke might moremay judge the amount of vexation to which the with Christian on havemalicious and most hatelul falsehood. For, 1 repeat,;castle, but afterwards came out and worked at theucd tcarce tbe throogbotnSections 27 snd 29 are very obnoxloui extra cost to them is not less than t3,000 or $4,000English languagefoitnlgU. TUaia partlT attributable lo tbe limited amount al dasteoatng liLin the cost of Hence, as the case is and working.but after being threatened by tbe be captainexposed.cheap at almost any rate if the contractor can beTaipasaiso, Thursday, Hay 10, I860. The banishment of Raphasi, Gastias, for three:-. Atlantie k PaclSe M.means. You will think me warn my protestations, but you will, I trust, have (theJus- years, has been commuted to permission to reside s^ tice to admit tbat tbe provocation is strong. Vou ^aartcr,astherehasbeeakoarrivalsherefromCen- suchpointintheRepublicasthePresidentmayde- owethewivesandsistersofyourcountrymen,it seems to me, the duty of explaining the language you have used, and of giving to tbe expressions of a par- donable their true The accusa-Northern LightThe bark Eereiia arrived fromexequa tvr as H. B. Majesty's Vice- Consul for the harbor ofCaldera.orDlay rAat ;SUMM.TSO C. H14.000 A. 8. KoKnbanwin 84 Mr. Joan Jossru McaaAV bat received hisa' the orders o( the captainbetween the Federal Government and the States that T. B. Gaslads, in his proposals for introducing come (rom such a tource. It seems rather singular that the secret tender missives sent to the Ja-pieces i>er-.have raited the standard of revolt. Gen. H., It is water Into the city, promises a supply of 1,300,000captainon the 20th the crewreiused to come Bntfher B'os6.00)1 FreemaTi ft Co14.750 21.3603S9.SII t6,0MSI sitSMaaid, has resigned tU% command of the army, as also Us pretensions to the Presidency, and signified hisgallons daily;IIII 'Intention offormation was received here on tbe 16thI'OrderJohoG Parker*- Son 13.800 B. Mesder ft AOsms lO.OCO'returningto the United States.This In-Inst, by tionwould call " a firtt-Pope's powers, viz. the spiritual and rale notice" (or Ihe American officer*;" and toe prietor, until about January, 1858. when he was soldThe Becent I,and Frauds—The Hiekey Alurder.OTKR AND TKRMINFR.; to locate at least 100 hydrants at differ- ent points In tbe city, and to construct tcseivoirs ISOevenirgs their services ov blmout;to call them000|Xeu*l\dte-BrotMalagadays.It seemsthe ii jury you have done.should:DeBb-miCoH.CobnkOoBailie IrSardert.... 2i too Co 1., EiBs.eln Brosfeet above the level of the seaA masterly article has appeared here on t&e ques- much like what thein and about the superintfndent building.of the twothe temporal. The writer is the late editor of the ':'hipped.petitionTnat defendant for a license on 6tta June appliediiisr., but did not mention the name of Mrs. Eichin-ger. or pretend that he applied on behalf of any otherretson than himself, and failing to pay the money loss of Ihe dust, andSecretaryII'a verdict cago to Lake Erie. ithe Central,Iexpenditure was t'^.OODbids for tbeThe American bam U. F Skate has just put intothlsport (or suppncs, fifty days out from Kio. Shots demption oftieatury notes.I C50 dos1lat..ive, was made to her—(it was not alleged that she was M,(K)I0stMt.l.C».RF. 8 fl cl.;s,1060advertlted to sail (or California on the 12th, for San Francisco.of tbe Government present whenlandlord'—snd that she has lived in theI. R. 6C0,M1 Ceo R. Bd>. SIV, 4S0M. S. ftM.Igs.h.:a»ltiayjiowerlODFenn.t.);the conveyance of for ^t5,0('050.030 at 101.19 per cent, neiting.tailedEvaics,.in here. from Talcahaano.puttbe engineer, and Dr. Roasaa, with their families,prietor)premises Theatre,"performancesi aodoA, .ooeal.ft ChURt35 63 SIX62 slO SIcalled In her about aShip Sunbeam has just cleared for Coqulmbo withcosi, and ship Sumatra has cles'ed for Callao.A token of peace returning or returned to thii coun- try is to be fourd In a recent notice of tbe Govern,swei'ib69 eiii the Xew^York roads and Panama.lasder, Drtaiing forward Gen. MosauaaA as a candi ment, directing that no promotion l>e made in the publicdate Jbr tke Presidmcr. array unless the olficer lias served at least two years altalppi, to sld la Iliauponincluding Michigan ly runconttruoUon of railways to MotehasdeclaredtlieStateofBolivarIndependent intbeefficetowhichhebadla«tbeenappointed. sald?tate,andforotherpurposes.ApprovedAug;lOOB. L Co...Cyit.cv B S30 81>i 60 do sU 70of the Geaeral Government. Magdalena had •d. aadJt was expected that Santander would aooB also declare its indepeadence.Don AHToaio Vakas has entered on bit dutlet at Minister of Foreign Affairs and of the Interior.Dr. Tbos. 8 Pass has not yet relumed. He hatfor the ser-wat not procured. 200 do.... 81H )00 do .bis81V SO doblO 70'i b670'4Aawngthe passengers by tlie Priiue is Donnt.are here. He Louisiana, certain tracts o( land in tald Parith.foliow- vervAnactmakUtgfurther upptopriations vice o( the Post-office Department duringdo to do, gone to California, and will be here in about six y'ear ending June 30, \mvi. I'aiirii orf rP,oii.Sl0 81^ SOO Chic. Bur. ft Q. R- '4 bis 74much buoyancy. Iba (oaimnteed^to laUnd improved afternoon 481«*8t. BockJctro monihs. Hisbrotherarrivedlaitsteamerbutone. Anactt5grantto theSO do. \1%)on do bJOlB 60 BO Erie R. Ass. Stick. 18 85Mr. Wv. WBiii.wtiaBT and leaves toon (or Coplapo.familyrniTATX ACM PA8S«D.SheldonAn Act for the relief of McKnhjbt.Henry Cram,for Boute of Refuge ler, for defendant;Hetz & Mil-do dotoThisPanama steamers have changed tbstr sailing days to the I8th and 23d o( each month.No American malhi by the boat tbat came in on theHth.SOUTH PACIFIC....$6.oee8,000 Ulch. >. 2d MB. 64 lOOPan.B ffiidlv 12*«»i®* Jofday young RicBAas AUOF. MIddletown,An Aot for the reUef of Cbauncey W. Fuller.An Act for the relief of EtMn 8. Htatcomb.Ao Act for the relief of the legal repiesentaUvet of118 do 3C» do70i^®T0J ^p' cent., and ChicagoCattaraugustells of a narrowof fraudAn Act for the relief of Anne W. Angut, widow of and collusion in obtaining it The motion now came 600 do b6083 439 Harlem R. Praf;RepublicanAn Act for the rellet o( Pray * Ayllffe.do-v-SIS...;No affidavit o( Mrs. Elcnlnger, the alleged lessee and propnetress, bas been read, nor <!oes it In any way appear tbat the has ever paid or i-fcelved any money, or personally per-50;o".(ICO7.000 Mo. States BflO ^oCC0 b:040H4"4 ..860 41!^48 ..S10 44ili'-'if,ve;-T.*-lts.--ee of said l.'o fire, uoi-era fcero,, I'-as'-, atntde-on tke same fcndavtwas dayMrs tenJfnt;aT!<i EichlDgeror. tbe business and theatre in the Volks Theatreral iK>»er diminiahes the proper spiritual ponerol "'* deplored "('bristlBn editor (!o not leel that women have re-ofsen.defendant'swift-. te;'ameh^rcd. fs or e of tlie .ii,--c.-. rl-a-pCLi i\itn h. 'n;; '-.i-n-ioV »re a line ot Discounts. 6 mottiii'the Vicar of Cbiist and that what the Church needs, and the world too. Is to see him nothing but a pastor of tbe flock, without temporal or political sway, at Jeeus Christ was before him.wouMgased^!jappointed superin-diys"rl eaa Wmmaa.ton, tdmlnlatratrix of Walter R.Aa Act forlbs relief of David Waldo.would not care to hear tU* u. raoUnnw gPPWPUslfg.Oo.USMhofJaM.BUbUdp Wit—t (he Pony and no mistake. TheUt- tbte 01 that cliy. His sponsors were Don Nicbolaj portion of the newipaper Prets regarding the'expe- for the enlargement of the Cl^ Ometeiy of that o( any Mend attacked, but In ease it wat done, itof Pewaldc... S 6 Ooillbrd 5•"•• bMSt Ifeat AovU lea dara ifo hara broaght oawi Lots snd Doila Smroaoso VAaaia, pe'rtons worthy rieacet of the Japanese Embassy. Perhaps you will place. conla bave no bearing oa Ids dedsloa In tbe case. Pbenlx..a u Northsaver BUI....'"- for their and virtues." An Act for tbe relief of Robert Johnson. He./Pittsbn.ghpinfllWfIniri Samaaat 0Ueaga,ha8 not jrttanfnd.aadwydoatknowwhaihirto parooart:ie«pect piety have faimets enough to print one with the aame tig-An Act for tbe lellef o( George Preston.nettber longbt nor shrunk from Um lirarhig of the Mary Pretton, widow motloD. Unless some good laasoa was offered. BeIt may be added these cases are by no means rare. nature inyour next lisue, though it may fall toof An Act for tbe settlement of the aocountt of Ed-to bear Itdreumittneet of the case demaiuMItt poetnoDament. He Intimatedfamnitr with tbe pohUo teatlBMat of tbe Clty,~ta order that tbe«ooB>aa9t«r *eaid feel tatttfied wlbWnumns, Is the Indignant pcotest of a woman against the hldaoos Tolnme of slsndsrs wbteh has ^ipeared inAn act sntborizlng the ittue of a register for the brigChtrUeH.Onian.tbedeeislcotbatiil|htb«had.Mr. Hoyaa aarraledyour paper "of her eountrr.York.An act for tbe relief of William B. Sbtfbrlck.An sot for tbe relief of Eli W. Ooff.Jnstaieason bad becnasslantd as dirtnc oeeashm for anot because lu.We hare been waiting with eari erect since last beUevet, liut what be knows and says b but it wts left for you, Sir, to forget the Joint resolution to reduce Oe price of the public pleased new. He nobemelatstloeDdt. Tbey were New-York offica, for one year, nt tbe rate of 6econonii2e lUs gold does not believe. Atmannersutter improbabUtty—nay, impouibUitti, of there being any real gwU la their thoughtless demonstra-:pleisedagain that the ca^e cent. The power of r«Detral wOltiira^ Zm VSatniday night to hear of a battle. The ITnitedStales troops and CoL Jack Hats' Toluntears, whenlast heard irom, were 70 miles northeast of Carson, say the biahopa now fn CMll have not pswer to dis- tions. You sayexpire oa Sat nrday next, al o'clock, by which time the boldltionsareobtainedonlywithexplaaatoryeighthelslon gtve-satlsfBctiontothe might4ers of the old Bills are atting perjury before God and sacrilege againstthat the note which he bad written on the previoustbat case ifnoticeobject, and the ceeded.of the entrance,;objected. of the motionCbiuchlnto which 'daythat It, if plalntiffiiPialntKiii did p»p*n pro-Saturday's steamers. Tbe ofvery5'. II. RnoQiu publishes another notice about thecaptain,bilgdemn, that It cannot fail to Injure your character for discretionandtmthfolnets. Didyouweighwelltbe wordt you bave given to a thoutand eyes ? Are wo- men to be publicly branded at worte tlian heathen courtezans^ because they crowd around a mere lad to tpeak to, look at, or thake handi with liim, gratifying a hsrmlett curiosity ? Were Engllihwomen rubbed of their good name by their own hutbandt and bro- tbers, when they crewdcd around and lavished their attentions on Toa TunuB at hit Itviet in London !I feel it almost an intuit to my countrywomento pen a line in their defence againtt thit heart-tickenlng and mott unpardonable tlander. This Pagan lx>y is always surrounded by a crowd of per sons, and nevertobe teen unattended. In Washington and other cities at well as New-York, he bts sojourned in tbe most respectable bouies.'Where bave the oppor-prt,Tbokas C. WssnxsspooK has been admitted as partner into tlie houee of Caoss & Co.Thevs.apsllcatlon for an sel, and Judge Dean lor defendants.;ColkilakACo., trantacted IntheooeniuTheahareholdert in theRailway are called to an extraordinary meetipg, tobe held on the 17thcompromise entered into condltlonallv with their contractor, Vxanuoo, regarding an unfinished tunneL This contractor stipulated to excavate the tunnel, of the Iilll orcertain price and time, receiving pay at fixed ratesmove^uttb?presentof tbe act of Congiest, approved Feb. 28great,IBM.community. Jutttce FvsEAii recapitulated hit dliapprobatlonIbeyaverredthe ditpenia- difficulty. Somethe rites make their feignedhave thus with suchfairly delirerr 11,541,680 in Enllion from Calilor-Toicmend Jonei, in which it isadjournment of tbe Court, these pa- which were stated in the Tiasa |of the 20tb lost, were sot (ully before tbe Court ceuotei nothavingfinithedtbereadingofthem.The papers in opnotition will not be given out un-til the opening on the part of the plslntlffis, who op-bnt the competition Brokers on one hand andthe Americanstated that her formering retired Irom the command of the brig, notice Is given to the public that henceforward he will have nothing to do with the vessel or with her cargo. Tills is the brig that came here two years ago, with aa coward to that of a liar.LA^ RSPORTS.Josira Jabvsis, hav-theoaeormoreofthe other—is such that ilia doubtful Whether will make a bettor remittaneaValparaisoand SantiagoChBrge of MnclBy and BeToIt. But a short distance from thli or raflier the,tbesection of an aiiouid be heard by avIusUee of Oils Citv. tbat the de-Col. W. O. Overton, of the Louisville Courier'of Jane 2. If ilie Indians were anzloai to be whipped, whelming majoiity of men manled in this country, to man would hesitate to encounter him (Touhv) snd Vim. E. Hughes, of the Democrat, have had adls' postponement himielf—he had only stated reasonsliberty•ad eapeeting to reach Pyramid Lake on the erening pense for nixed marriages;Judgethror-gh Mr.moved for a Cisco,theOatwastiketimefortheencounter. TheTolonteersas in good spirits, bat on a short al-" Titday in San Fraactico to' ratee fundi for provl-atoning" them, had raised $1,000 by noon of ye>ter-it,may regenerated by the saving waters."and if he mUtakee or too interprttx the meaning of the women vho run to eacare to hearirsrerepnseniedlowaaoe of eatables. A meeting of cltlzeas called onOntheonehandthereIsIheopprfssionofauun- just law originated by the hierarchy, and retainedhimortotouch csahebebiamed^'^ gttmpee of Am,'but then yesterday was sleamerday,iMMy felt poor. SeTejal uays sjoco we beard that the oIUDteers met a party ot ludians 300 stronjr at Wil- liams' Old Sutlos, (where the 6rst massacre oc- curred,) teiuiht briefly, killed seven ladlans and had ttiee of their own men wounded. Bat this has since Beitherbeenconfirmednordenied. Adispatchhas jast been receired in town, saying that the Indians were met at 3 P. M. of Saturday, and routed with a ^MS of 35. Three whites were killed and four wounded.last m^l, and hss notwomen natives ofSinceday, we hear of"havemethiiuhere;exastty the moilon. tch A copying an article from another journal which itralhi-rtbantodispleasethem.Ontheotherhand,what does thismean ? Von surely do not cannot believe, what you challenge wat given, and Mr Hughes replied bluntlythe Term. IC9i®10«? on London. Tbe demand c^ed some-and erery- prostitute their word by professing falsely,(rightful language the CauriiT, and refused to retract Then a directtionforJottice PsxoBAJi tald a default mast be taken In what flat for .the— heathen women, only one remove from the bruteby the street Not. SIS and 519 Fonrthetreet New- 27th of fi York, and known as " Eustachl's Vollu Theatre,"cannot believe what I have you yourselfrelutes It;merely right yourepairmentioned, present said building, and teas attending to his business mwho refused to workMaUm-v .12 733 BIcbird Perri-kthose to I feel foully accused,suppers;;tbe next morn- until the 30th ofthis undeservededly Christian paper it aeeklng to fasten upon wo-menwe can recordcollateral, the rate of lateral la5*'JSK ''^51 effected below—by he Is from said " E'lstacbt'i pumpt, but not until the captain bad threatened them and partly to tbe acUre demand which bas eidstoitruth, againstttain,;(aultgoes blame (or trifling and silly exaggerattont but ifonlyistoo demonstrative, but;eeaU that ligure. Gold Ban ban eoalla-awhich a ; profess-oa the tih of ontheSthofMaythecrew chandisepurtfgraijh in the new j-apcr was lo doubt thought out bv the She/Iff tnat on the 3d or 4tti ol November, ;In tfce Money Market the actaal transae- Honeywell Vinceni, who, it will be r<*mem- tioT)sof which we are advised to-day, outside of"fpicy "enoughl.) increase Its circulallon. It is to •* "Ellzabeh Euhetigfr, and Kis:er ofand somethat in this Japanese affair some men hao that they ever knew such a per^^on as a mother.A TRUE AMERICAN WOMAN.putations(aln imagine forgottenand 60drawn from Qavana on first-class bouses(eeling. Onepaper, at 6list of acts and resolutionsat theand thiy look upon the de/endaut as fftf superintendin* asso.-iated with him, and tbey oad not had suffi- tion of the Southwest and from allhave published, and the PUBLIC ACTS PASSXO.:ofplace;Freiberg, cient time to be prepared for this case, tt they didgive away. Two an Act milking appropriations for the service of theNo. 2, north of r.jige No. 9, west of the fourth princi- pal niericlan, in Adams County, State of Illinois.receipts of old Grain30, 1861.An Ast to establish a mail six times a week fromof -an uilicensed German theatre in Forsvth-street, and alter Mav, IS57,.waspropri«<orof the premises inSacramento, In Califonda, to Olympla, in the Terri- tory of Washington.question,tory of New-Mextco.An Act providing f( r the punishment of Marthalsand Marshals of the Uidted States, or other Deputyministerial officers, for permitting the escape of pris- oners in their custody.An Act to coijfirm private land claims in the State of Missouri, and for other purposes.An Act for the final settlement of private landFlorida, Louisiana and Mis-case was stated in tbe Tihkb of yr ."iterdav, snd once or twice pre-are than earlierIwtter month. Tbeclaims in ihe Slatespre- col filmed private land claims m large num- souri.'"thein the— fCFREMK COURT CHAHBERS.tnerelorSelore embarking at Carthageaa on board the ber of wounded soldiers being brought m last year An Act making appropriations for the Navhl service performances all purport 'to t>e signed by the Lepkabd, J.while thetlie State of Mis-applicant .;steamer Prince, the Governor of the State of after the civil war. " Tbe pteaoimnaut diseases are for the year ending June 30, 1861. defendant and published by him, and that ever back. 4c. since the transfer o( the theatre and businessOregon, topuMripsossieosn. claimrat Sault Ste. An Act In relationtenr;ingUpon ail the papers before me Iin part ajloned.O/der tobesettledMarie, Michigan.An Act to declare Ihe meanlnc of the Act entitledof " mtinitiiit," the manager snd actual director and cou-25 000 at a of premiuman Act makingfurther(or the satisfactionSuper- called '•Eustachl's Volks44.StTPaiMX CoiTaT—-CxactnT.—Unchanged.ScPsaioB Cotiai.—Port f.—Nos. 457, 413 4f7, 463,2-35,321,1219,1221. Port //.—Nos. 416, 112,610,646,449, 280, 064,666^MONETARY AFFAIRS...ol land VirginiaAug. holding31, i»M.Uie Courts inchangeiO,000 at aprovisionrfucler o( these tnemises Theatre, and of the theatrical40,41, 4'A45,46, 47,48.15,000 at a SO 000 at apremium premittst prenlODtbe United China, Japan, States,certainPersia andMinoitshterscoatnmdtriCeosn,sugllsvtourK other fujundritcimal-powers toarles of tbe United States in tbose countries and foro( the injunction in this aclion were had. All theAn act in relation to malicious Injuries and tres-and 'private property the District of Columbia.responsibleTotal.The iollowing table wUlpasses upon publicAn act to amend an act entitled an act fir giving toiVs,f-2'in\ 'iOHlch Oen.averag:eratecertain treaty stipulations Governments lor tbe apprehension certain (fenders.and of delivery up$50,000 at im.5'> lO.UPO(srceat netting..An act making appropriations execullicand judicial expenses for the year ending June 186t.It wasmade or was ever seen by theM,i.Mrill 01,0 at 101 27for bcuntv lands heretofore Uiued.and for oilier purpotet. ..The Stock market openedweaker prices on the State BecuriUes andcertain cases, Indun An act to etlabllih two.In Nebras-New-Mex-ka Territory, ami one In the 'I'errltoryof5C-3 fi s'.i tali IH do"au act to smend an act. entitledgrantingeJ)< 100Charles H. Mason.An Act for the relief of Margaret Whitehead. An Act for the relief of Catelus M. Clay.84^i 7sErie'BaUroad18Central atTuesday'sprice. steadyin the forenoon on New-York CentralaloD of aa Aaerteaato Rotaaidsai. Itseeastobe a Sunday, and on the afternoon of the day following tbe late Capt Samuel W. Angut, United Statet on in its regular order, pursuant to adjournment be- SOOMitb Central B... 49i( B8B7BOtftdTool.Bperson who laada a dicuttl^^saeUag the snag harv kerof ImpUcttbeUar:closed afurtber postponeinect, that he should attack the 7ceM. s. ftM.i. e. s.. »;i JOO do b'OTMj yesterday. The downwardthe funeral aervlcea were held. The coffin had beenlowered into the grave, and tbe dirt bad begun to fallam it, when a ttifled cry wat heard. Immediately on An Act (or the reUef of Samuel H. Taylor. reoKvIng the lid from the coffin the child called forits mother. It was at once properly cured for, and itfore Justice at Chambers of the Su- PiexBAH, sitting106 doi30«81<48)4 SOSChLkB. I.BJJK "m. «»(than win in Panama con-An Act for the relief o( Sylvester Gray.between this and foreignftli 100 (orr.ed. directed, or been cognizant of any act 2 0(0 K Y. Cen. 6« .. 95 100do.. do... do... do... do... do. doat 101.71ix-ceatnetHng...|i50.S50 OV 10.155 00 25.3SJ 50 •0,750 00 10,149 00 50,710 00253 175 00An act authorizing a loan and providing for tbe re-50for t^he, legi.., ,, ,„, ,.Mo. State 6t6(0 Cal St>le7s..... ti% (0 do ISSido 130.126Untitled Documentm*v* too do.,the fltcalFor this contempt, of which I Snd him guiUy, I ad- 75judge tblt defendant to pay a fine of two hundred ooi-lars, and to be committed to the common js<i of the lOoErie Railroad. ..|3S 17!i 1500 doatock sold a» cent, and tbe aecond mortgage A4 ^P" cent.r- Couple,30b«0'^*,H, Michigan Central *ent to 48i'»48j,pany.An Act for the relief of William Nelson.An Act to grant to the City of Port Huron, Mich., fore, why be sbonld not bearWs motion. He shoauSopettor.......there- Metaara baptism, in the midst of an audience compoied of the trifling but comparatively harmleu remarks of a great a pert o< the Military Reservation of Fort Gratiot not like to bear tbe peraonal obaracter or inle^rttyof thespect,HsailllDoAn act for tbe relief of Isaac 8.ifbat theof Coffee Ppttoocement An act for tbe reUef of Wm. A. Linn's estate.reslorallan o< Lient AuguttutA Betolutlon for tbe relief of Artt^ Edwards snd guetbemoOanmanTUmes, and the pUlntlfft wereTreasurycay. OftheBDlsyear 1859, and now overfae.and hence the over- " Ip Nlphon even professionally degraded wo-be set down as having been with the freedoms with which so pany 'ladles' agreement Tbe Covitr charged the Desmrat with why he presumed blsHonorwoold notmencommit- womanhood,Sir, in the hame of Heaven, in the name ofculpable recklessness publicly and the charge it to monstrout, and bearaits falsity so palpably on lit face, to thote who will bewaa all Mr. Overton would and that beget, mightreopened forexport among bnyers—the BdIUobmake tbe mott of it The matter with ihe dropped,affirmation ef Mr. Overton throngb the columns of the mercirul enough to paute over It to think and con- Courier that Mr. Bugbet bas added the reputation ofthisnia, aflTords a better supply of Gold bars fiw;readingroomingTbe Sanday Iiaw.DICISlOIf IH TBI. CASE Or ICSTACHl'S TOLES (Tbursdsy) at 12 M.attachment to punish defendant for contempt in vio- lating an irijusctton order forbidding deleadant to open bis theatre until he should procure a license.The case was heard before Justice BoaexT, atin tbe Stadt Theatre case, lately reported. His Honor bas now rendered hit deelslon, fining defendant $200 (or hit contempt, and ordering him to stand commit- ted till it It paid.week of the-V pasthas hired tbe from placeyeartoandengaged; tke5 3^ cent. Some intermediate traosactioas on 4It is recently urged that tbe Government shouldccnslructafloatingdockcapableoftakingupves-sels of larger class, especially Its own ships of war. by the editor of the journal to which it is ad- supyoTt of his family. She lives in tne bul.olng.in sistant District-Attorney, in opposition, took the Loan the Street supply of Honey is again free at 5indecencies against which itfrom its hostility towards ttie States. This letter, to- 250 (eet long and 80 wide are the dimensions sugges- dressed, on the alleged ground that it was " not—respectful language."Thirty-sixth Congress.she and his board and lodging gives dr-feadant ^family^coucheddeclared the State of Cauca Independent, created Sas MAXTiif was executed at Santiago. His wife waa Basiness of theEd. TiMits.]Crop 8(K»)unts cominue to come cheer-sconced aga'ntt the general Government, a'ud the Onsuggestion.murderer named Jcaxds Diosinprotests,was refusedandsuchamountinTnoneya.,isnecrssaryfortkedecentcrime, upon which a person cou'dbebeld. TheAs-temporarylait a theatrical license for thisai,d at the reauestof tbe man applying therefor, thename of Elizabeth Eicblnger wasCircuit, tMfO.therefor, did not obtain a license. That two letters written defendant's conael on fith June, in relationgold gavetheplaintiffthis mbaytter of license,^ Declatooe.\wason snd such manageron the6iti,.o( June, provedperlormancesin violation......only what be alleges that Mrs. Eicblnger is thelesseeandproprietoro(theplaceandthereforefor whatever it there done,) and somewhereCongress at Bogota has The American hat arrived from take ackrowledgments of deeds proved. In my opinion, that the defendant, i.OiOC. ft N.VV.UtM. C4 175 do J! lOF.OOO at 101.22 per ce.»t netting00 91.125 00151,830 00. 25.302 50 11.595 03 440,089 SO 50been received.?*'.^^*i.* «.«"«'?,' amnesty law, and modifie"d t"h"e' 120Election Law." Havana, days cargo, sugar.30,An act to authorize nolarlet pubhclnthe ,.,.,, DlslrlctTanuSAT, May 17, 1860. ship IHetienger just7,400 0.4 N.W.S.y.B. 80 to do2i'''»90,000at 101.25percentnettlrg.of Columbia toor estate .^pertonalIt is fiilhWiieh tbe injunction was served upon him, and when 10 Ocean Bank 97 60 Fan. « ex.div tl.e performances complained o( took place, was tbe 60 Com. Bank opg 96 150 dotiiio ITO "-Sat 101.21 cent netting. per--.. .realAn act proTiding for the erection of a PoitBffice inexhibition of tbeCaall^.,beothis forenoon at6th, 7tb and Sth of daysalso on But when tbe the demand was firmer, and nearly all the fioad shares in that direction, Central, whicb.had been free- down on the forthcoming annsal report vverehigherthanyesterday. Boththesharesand bonds of the Biichigan Bontbem again displayedmanagerprobably pro- and business known atper cent, netting $r,iOoro60av.iOI.'26)4percentnetting...•1,21»,I73verballyh-js since 'hat time carriedcent,that defend int was and notices lately puoUsbed newspapers in relation to said theatrical^ ,pu.-portcent. atam satisfied tbat slice Noveriiher, 18: S, (as well as before.) the defend-Ceait Caleadarant bts coiittnued lo be under the name7th and 8 h d«yswhen methe defendant himself are notlnsoiisisteiit with it, (ad-of 5,000 at a preintom of l.2( 10,000 ata premium of 1.46 10,000 at a premium of I 53 50.000 at a premlaiu of 1.10 .... itijDOO at a preTilum of l.4t 50.000atapremiumof1.71year,on the ground tbat the accusation wat merely tbething fuithrr, and that such chirge specified no December, we quote at SJ cent Ontkecashier o( his business, and after defendant was sold prepared Ihe next day or the dav after. Mr. Water- out by the Sheriff was retained at casnier by Mrs. bnry'opposed the adjournment The case was put off 'mert known as Eustachl's Volkt Theatre;anf^ to pay over the balance of moneys to her ; .and (or bis services he is paitl by her.Fleming, pleaded not euilty.A number of cases were sent to the General Ses-sions, and the Court adjourned.— Vanilervoort vs. Gould. Thisstimulate thebuildicgand reiulted in a veidict for the plaintiff for Simmons vs. taio.—This act'on was tried before stated In the Timxs o< Tbe now de-was issued,a* viouslv^ "The trial was before Justice Lsonakd, thein from the Illinoisinjunction, and tbereiore that be is guilty o( the con- ion Ao.... h60 4S 50oftempt with which he it charged. Trie offence is not BO Pac. M. S. Co. b30 90 rii<*o do doin-mitigated by the effort which hat been male to throw the responsibility (or these admitted violations of U wment of the motion of theto aet aaideJune,vlolalionthat200 Hud. Btv. Railroad 47?,150theleasee of tbe premises, in relation Ito whom tbe coun-sel for defendant on the argument stated, tbat shewaaabsentfromtheCityandthereforeheraffidavit IC6O**;. do ...S381J4300 do 10\iofNew-YorkuntilsuchCounty A. fine be paid.S30J3M 60 Barlem R. Fretbeo 39 75 Mil. ft Vlss. R 7andIn thepainful to Judge Broasonto eansors tL's eouiaswascoaipeiledlodoU.Justice PaoikBAif said It wat tiae that he wurraskllo.... IH QelDcjmerly associated trttb Mr. Tteonin, bat not in re- Isle Bonis..to Us'oflUsI duties. Ha eaw no reatn,.<Tr»asoi»rpeeallrtatt tt should be baaidl^ a tool Justicer-oae llSjfSdi'h-'?.''.^",?"'"' efcSaHttSTjnSsB;e« Pie^uM rtmaritad tkat he was sovryiaebTreasury y^terdty sold at T,ea«„yBin.,oo.„« t, tua, andtoartwi^cent.tolerate uBtKhlaoUasd- to do jastlee, and just as oompetant to admlaiftTnot ready. The plalntiffii hoid not been with about $900,000 hare been mowedto teke new Bub-Tressuier.nothing doing in Exchange Th« knewtobealie. Tliltstatementelicitedareply,of JusticePiOKHAHtaldthattheymuttgoonorwith- marketaftergoingbacktowhich Mr. Overton demanded a disavowal. Mr. draw tbe motion, at counsel tboold tbe preVions rate of agree. ' «'Hughes claimed tbat the first offence wat given by Mr. Noyet then asked leare to withdraw tbe mo- ,L,^ "!!•"'•' ''^'^y ">« figure and atof the eaotaBOla the Boston mail sfeatner of yester-At tbeBionassosnigsnteadt.ed-tbat he had notpose tbe motion. The argument will go on 13 -daythan iarge Gold coin. ThearefollowingJudge EnaoBBS, Attorney-General Meyeret, Wm. financial advices from San Francisco, throagh the M. Evarts snd Waldo Hutchins, for plaintids Wm. circular of Jane 4 :Bhephtrd KnafptheTiKSBof JuneSO. The facts are similar to tbose United Stttes Commissioner Bsidshaii, charged with prehentiontof damage to the growing graSfecoMThe follswlng is the opinion renderedBoBRiT, J.—On the complaint in ibis action, and voyage. Tbe ship arrived tinder jury masts.day, moaetaiy affairs at praeent proodaatabe <nSeasy. Capital Is abondant and fliere atmean tii toamount of marcbaBdissa and has consented to and allowed such license,therefor,in disregard of the law nn injunction wat granted and served on 2d June, I860, on the defendant, where-called to pomp out the ship, when ttiey sworeVolkt Theatre," for exblbiting theatrical per-On affidavitspapers copy slander, and other nations this Injunction, an attachment was issued, upon the 2Uib of June the men were called, todefendant of will point the finger of scorn at American women which he hss been arretted and o^fore thequoted.Other will thli alleginga violationbyguage, and threatened to put down tbe officers ; helponthrough yourinand in answer ta" Cross-examined—Dlinot tnemen watchandcuiiosi^ slgoificance.tion you have made is a most terrlnle one, and as the statement of those who have this Embassy In chargeSth ordered the crew to the which they re- pumns,fused, with the exception ot (our or five, who pumpedthe eight p-isoners it was many captains would considertVm. Heller i:C*.... 40 592 Buxene Kelly It He.The letter from an "American officer" which ap- pears in the Truss of to-day, is a curious docutoent tobuilding ot and afiout the bar and h'ruse tbat be did ;shoeUngboy, should contain tbe names and address of the "parents "of the enamored damsels, as he says they do. This it rather out of the usual course, I tblnk, and seems tupeifluous and dangerous. The communication in the Tiuis o( the 28tb looks veryon those were in or;witness did not inpanesehis employment5Ht(o Onot-an, Shemtaa ftnewspapers *'he cairied on the business of saidtheatre,aspro-Couitblm, he states. In substance, that he did not open orcause to be opened the said theatre at the times dliion stated,anddidnotthenexhibittheatricalpe-torm-ances thereinmanager of said theatre, . or of any theatrical businett conducted therein, and did not give nor al-;togivewatch," becauae the vessel was lo a con-;and frethto cook tbe potatoes as the men wished them12 600 Co. 36.tbat he was not then the proprietor or;tiagle IS.«Mlow, or suffer to be ttaeatrlcal given, anyJ. Strauss. Bros. k. Co.ftperformance Ae utas. on the evenings of the three days (6f*, 7'(t, and 8lh June, 1860) in thetheO.B.Crosby aarbeck&Oo:.mutiny on the high seas. Tbe ship sailed (rom Liv- erpool on the 20th of April, and arrived at tblt port on tbe 24th9f June. The acts of mutiny are charged aa baviig been committed at sundry timet daring thetcarcely:Sunday, April, tbe st difficulty occurred about a p»a of potatoes, which were boiled with beef for tbe mcn'tno otberMay men refused to work, nnless iurolihed withiweretbat if tbe v>at not oat before 6 o'clockdo dutyperformances to brace forward the yardi, when ordered by the -Stock Market the bas beenion the 17th, the men refuted to come out tained therefor accoiding to the statute passed Feb. mate; tbe crew, headed by McDonald, finally cameformances, and bom conducting or aliowine theatri- camecal therein, until a license shall be ob- outTbe;out aid approached the captain with very violent lan-saoply for the ttesmer will be very short The" capsized potatoes...;_ HowltndkAipIbwall 13,85«they hado ntx Wb. Cai^aio tbathenatnotthentheo^mer butsiood»itbbis goto personthemate. out,paid lor or lessee o( said building, but was employed by the les-EpDinfterftCoT. B. WeirHoweti Crotwell... Order.,see asThe defendant, by his affiriavlts, further states thatpistols protect Acjourncd to 10 o'clock to-day._a.SCO Co S.IOO Order 6,001Totalfoie Judge Gocin on athewhich wereof gave orderswere and were boiled,OrderWiv. & Sillgman;good;the witness cbose to use milder terms, ands.ssa ai.ste 38 C«3 t VonBoffnaa ft Co. C> SOO fo: med on those evenings, to be published in the iV«u7- reiused to do duty, and threatened to put away the Trea<iirell& Co 16 0» Well?.F«-^ot Co ai.lWSnot cause a notice or advertisement of theYorkir Staals Zeiiung ; tbat none o( the performers;mutineerslelt shooting as tbe last retort; on the 17lh the men Jas. Patrick Ir Co.writ ofMr. G. L. Walker contended for Vincent's dischargeWhich is the theatre, snd keeps house, and defendant grobnd that the commitment showeci sufficient facta ^ cent.andread, showing with arson in the first degree, pleaded not guilfy.do doleo oa<o. do."...411isi"'* the16 20 do 86...Western list was reached,ThomasTeTdlcts.isoon) seAs*..turns. Galena i®J betterlthan yesterday.W cent better Land Office In his argument and es that deoartmect £06 do boo 30 50 do bioniv tinued to 125®125>, and there was a declmealsoIM do preme C^urt Judge Bionson stated at a reason lor 700 dotemporary,and Briefhabeas cmpus.here,atcomplainedP.Jennings ft Brevater lS,Mi &B.BX. Bank lllJMiemployed returns Rock Island and Burlington for tbe third week show a liberal in- Justice BobWORTB, in tbe Superior Court and was crease on last season, adding at the :>ame time toTgHll. HoFFMA"", J.—Spaulimg vs. Spau/ding,—rnjunclioiiStates Trust Co.United States Trust Co. lOO.Ono at a premiam200 Mich So.&N.Wiceat neUir» per cent netting.....e(>0 i% 4<Vtl..O 48?4 4<V225,000 5t).ni..|l»t 101atiBanking houses on the,»»it MH kockliad......fortnight, out-doorDig interfered with by heavy raint. Toese extaaitoiobstructedwere (elt here at oneUme, ftom 'tack a hravyV^^ f^.V^Kf*^of »»*•*««• accoimtaMiriMethataeagriculmral Interesti have ratbwfar leas than the ososl seauii eaient. ^TheHoge«&_ntjt 80 good. The effect of the new harvestto atcurrent prices for both 'Wheat and Corn will in- duce tbe fanners to part with the whole of their old supplies with much freedom. Three or ibur of the principal railway lines leading intoChicago6$1,'200,000,more than five-fold the aiiiount advertised for wit ¥6,310,000. The follow'ing is a list of the sac-perKM'i at 101.426 per cent netting.p-irtheStH decline in Hudson. Erie and Harlem aho proved."Miicent wss paid, and 81J®82quot^on. yB-Je...snp Patt ofthethe pmrinihin tbeSo^falltbe.latestand altheaak ao-eona- "OaSundaT.lhenhor April, dn of tbe resurrec-tion of O. L. (Our Lord) Jasos Christ, at Talca. thetuiiBA bspUna took place of a Protestant Niuth now in a (air way to recover.An Act amendatDry of an act approved June 4, 1858, for tbe relief of Shertoek and Shirley.wat controlled In iH>itbv the Attorney- General, and 71 do SO, lOOCB. ftQ. R...t<0 74AB Act for tbe relief of Emille G< Jones, executrix at Bit Uonot bad been asiociatea with Mr, Ticmain, IW do b602S>* 6« do bWttIi in PacificMaU of J-SI cent Tennessee Biiea ^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 