 I-Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069TiUflJlSalTLANTIC NEWS. -iiigi-iagj;. .-aa fBgtnlotu fiction. Imitated from Qia Candidt of is an event of such serious importance, and it has ./^ I? r^,'" ""^ »*f"'<* agreeable meaas of r,n- niHs. Tliat Mademoiselle Piooolohibi has genius wetiepaifiiie tun. liaaJ•Apmwho stands on the oe aston forthe Pope, consents tothe fcllowlog autograph letter ::' r>ZAa BASoH von BkccK Tn accordance with yourI for a and introat remove yon from office time,This autograph letter was delivered to Baron voil 'Baucx in tbe evening of the 22d Inst, (Sunday,) and ill tbe morning of the 23d he waa found bleeding laespecially that clause of it which proiidtd for the EmbasBT toWajhlngton. By tbe ancient ftws oftoattampfau, Mtk luL, uilTad at •liyartvMnt II o>elook oa Batmday aigbtaiiilt•klock«nSatmdarcranlaK.lia lOaMdMt** dalaa an <ae d»T later than thosedixed by taking the of Turkey In prnvinceeand AilaMlnor, with ConBtanllnople for her capital that Russia shall cstaulisli herself in Central Asiaavalley runningment inMiZAMOS, it would be well'HM dMBMMp r—and Prussia become KTeat pression of lJ]e petlT Slates.; Gsrmany by the sup-ciee withJiiii. boB JUrerpool on fiie Id, «il Qaniillami on tte 3d taut, puwd Fkther Pointinthat France will bave some-find In the T|r«»» yea irt'iua*. AnationofmerAnlr-'''^riioold be abletoioroe abetter eramcnt.n>llom at New-York.Tte Ximft* urlTed at Umpool April 30.the msjority el thewho mates war only for an Idea, and takes theerty of others only to give it to her friends, but never for ber own benefit, and in theundulaiing foreground of forest and wood. The Their entire rejection bytUs Goremmeat stMt-'^l» ^Irtt* iteamihipTla MW* k7 theia antnls b of aecoDdanr inter-prop."ha^lrg anitcifa^ed John Bull Iu the treaty, and thePartr, wk» greatreliefto apm^tlBW «M •r'wftan.in from the to the middle lineTa lk> EiUor o/ tieA stranger Ina(!die>S(d to the more distant of regionsEurope. Wehad before sustainedthere might he more chance lor him toyear paper,beforeacross tbe great oceans of tbe world. Tbis Embassy,OKEAT BKITAIN.Inst) In the foieaooa lition of restrictive measures means, I suppose, some- of the 25tb, and in the presence of two sworn wit-dated t^at tke CoDference ngardliig the qaeetlon of SaTeraUilM aSalnof ItalT waa not }et a«ned to,men drawn in, the limbs stiff.slens In ihe and Highlandsa trip of a of weeks to Sisal" Tinus—Siaheavy, exceptingfriend,foliowonalargesc:ale. Ittt' probable that a conducta will leave Vera Crns themy ihanld have appeared in the manner it lias incare little In wbatI tUaaonBtiy, regretRentes for. the May account opened at 71f., and closed at "Of. 65c., or about the same as yesterday.^^^^^^^ ITAIiY.waythe current flows solong ak itbringper cent,chants havetopayit shouldtheydecidetosand. Should tbe conducta from Guanajuato come inof the United States, I am enjojing the kindswitzerEand.GSHXVA, Monday, April 30.thousand men of theGeneva will be disbanded on tbe lOtbof'tile earn of threeorfourmillionswillbemadeup. TheEaiiUA bonobolderv alone have nearly a mulltoa of dsUanaperbaspttallties of London.from" Codnt CAVoua and M. Fasti willbrokenTruly yours. ATIGUSTUS RAWLINGS. aiut'i Hem, April 30.until after tbeUsbment of the Constitution.directlyLIVERPOOL.'the ret^ctabiUhment of peace were removed. Morecco is to pay the compensation for the ex-'3apwaidsappeared at the vrlndows of the upper stories, and, sobyit is asserted that the French ^iidster has pro-of the EngllBh stage,) the opera being Signor Cau-FASA's " Almlna." followed by the duet from Dosi- have easy work, if they are not already anticipated by and energy, he may be abloto daffliatCAatnLe aaA-death." The masterroil of the men ia tna luidtu- oB was, en Mooday, called over, and 25 were mlss- inr.butl>havestBoesaadetlieirapoea'anee,andIt hepsd that tite remainder may yet be alive.I.ATB8T ENGLISH NEWS BY TELEGRAPH. Losnoir,Thursday, Hay3.and the sololers had taken place at Alcano. Tne Eiettrlco had arrived at Naiiles from Palermo, bring- iigfamiliesofthemilitary. TbeInsurgentswerespecial cbaractei IS ic, could haroiy, perhaps, do bet-for Ihat aboat the 1st lust Gen. purposewith Ihe Intention of wiiboiit the Inteiventlon of butibfc whole has beenthepeadlM aflUiv^' -..•das from Ireland contlnaeashe will soon becoiae ry, 1 will cunfcieiiiiuuBly cariv- utit the benevaleutTbeJapanesein America.Tbe clt are rgyplaees.A aewleciee, annulling 29 of paragrapholvli"pecillarand can stttBcient attemlen to me sno- give:sothe his mediation. Thus, in the with- drawal of M. Gabbiac and Mr. Matthzw will becommencement of nextmontbexceedingly that name greatdemand.theeight will duties,payablehere,andthemar-your Aa tha representaii'e of a wellknows illustratedI old sot arrive here as the supporter or backer ofMr. HnaAs, aor Clu 1 ever see tilm till tbe morning•I lae I7tb of April, when, actuated by tbe same curl-esty and interest wblcu caused a representative of pyingflows lieely.Ii is clear that be- already Japan maytoclergy acceptcdiaan of this morning.come an exporting country of great importance, andtbe other one be-at Tetuan. Marshal O'Doasxu will arrive in Madrid featwhile tills is hoped to be true, it Is feared that many to-morrow.and prevent their retreat to this city."«tfar as can at present be ascertained, were all rescutdnounced sentence ofing tbe popular movement of the 19th of March. Prince Cmai, Colonel of the Paoal Guard, had ten-;are burled amid the rains, Bv means of 12 engines Bdl>etwsao20 and 30 hose, an immense volume of wa-disciplinary punishment agains'•BBveyed to the Soathera Hoapltal, where be died l8ABAiJ.A. eon after Ills arrival. A clrcamstanre adding miictita iha freUag of reiret at the destruction of this mag-Btflceat bnUdlng is that it waa only insured to about acan service. He states that he is determined to have plana In such a way that Uxasa attacks Caanua la ~ -k- - T front, and Hi-ebta In the tear, ihen the defeat of Ika!L'haoa over Ro- alter tbe HVLO Diaz nz LA ViOA, near San Luis. It seeois itMrd of•M, aad tW-aim-t for which it is insured is £1 0.uoi}. Thatatartasfltttngs wen insorad for £3.000. Tae IsaailalleiSiliBie of the Sallora' Home was laid Insecoiid descriijtloi,} was loudly applaudetiaaalnsi thefisraes ma—y Priaee Auiar, who cootribntad ahasd- Jaly. ISM, baideitsereetioB. Hassioaa.thenan wk« lest bis life in the discharge of bis duty, had keen in the force many years, and bore an excellent •kancter. Re has left a w ife and six chlidieu. An kqnest was opeord yeat-rday before tie Bofougaplace on the 2Uth, at Peatn, without any disturoauce. 10 OUO persons were assembled un the occasion, In theCarini had been taken by assault, alter three days'fignting. ThetownII pu£slu]e, even greater heirtiu.-s8 aniuuauimity, atcultwui be. im- Anyway, however, you may expect-~ '\ i^y •>^,--; '.^.^>aewa sam thad suffe/cJTne Gov- insurgentsmarchingnews next mail. byand the United OI the Cu'nfilence is Sutes Irish, and that the intentions Euipeior.putting np heavyBsgUshKaw Worid la the true home of the Celtic race.nei;essdrytlte LondunTimts^ May2.has flinging bouquets pro-> FKAHCB.to London, wh ch is at least as extraordinary as the»HB NEW PAMPHLET OF M. ABOUT. ttrrarouUna of It* Umdon Time*.day but now ;iCAOA, bsilM. .Sz6ia.iv, successor",TM -'*;Fabu, Mooday, April 30, ISM.the " sell-shortly expectedpamphlet has appeared vriththe Crystal Palai;e or on the banks of the SerpeiiUnabendownienls to advantage like thetag' UHe, " i.« Nouvtlle Cartetae pea of II. Esmoss Aboot, known f»r various pro-The Is due to the Americans, who bave got wMrh she laade her detmt^ and would bave done ject, there will be no dUEcolly in frustraling aU tnese UzAOA at Salinaz, he was defeated, loalaj^ hll baggaged^Svrore." Uteratuie, and particularly fcrH* irekiMtad fromacceBs to the Fiench -— but ••» .appearance of aany bujiness reqnir- iLg a regular domicUe In tbe country to becoiae Aus-trian EU^jectP.prospectIbe first visit for themselves, and who, as even their official publications show, are not a little pleased at thfir success."farewell.") she created an unde- niable impression. auG frequently ridsed the house to cnhuslasm. Tula enthusiasm, moreover, in Duhi-allowed frOBtler,vratique. THEIt is orei carelessness on the tbat other partiea wUl be orimioated. We doaakscqaeBtlyTW pRant kraclwe has all the-jmda Mcertainly tbefire anda<>ima*iou thatii MdCT a gay and Oinp.'iTstvie.ltat Ameiisaa Capital. Shortly alterwarda tbe 3'us7irg— quite enough. In shoit, to rouse the Boet theGnverniBient af Japan apollad to Mr. Haaais, the leirargicauolenre froiu Indifference, if not to meta-of the Liberals, lb. resultO«iJ *—ra-B-f-k—twc»r,—>BOW.--«ay', lna truth- or two. If thepartmust be decisive...Friday, ApriloB tbe dealb of Baron Bsucx, which in sabstaacs la asIt i» a're-ly Gu.lad.jara is at thUeoaU27.or tkeaaitaaSL aftaiaMf dawaloaiBg the laea w.ku.iihem rstit partisans.map oi Europe oe seea tapioeladotavaatfaaafaaelelor fumui official dii-An.erlcnn Consul-Ceneral at Stmoda. for a vesael-of-morpbescInto clarDoit>uf. hot-Beaded and intolo-a«lij«cIo<%MBaMbaetlOB ea,M« ikt ff«n Omf^^s;^^cial Channel,that.wDivine andifafiaiB4«cn»esu as"1>asiMU0t<leatkofihe £x-Minister sfPlBaaeecross talent, for art had no in must lellpw suitTae inteUlgWceNorfolk,The New OrleansM.BCtir had escaped from orison.iiwiliiitt-'"iifiaitiaiiriVii" iiiiiiMiiffiTmifiiiririr'iwww.fultonhistory.com==»^'^'^°"-^1r^tii'iV-iVf - "' -> ^-^adU^^afiias^iiSMti'•**the Hottl du Louvre, in Psila, at wlileh a French ont—to make known to the public thoee ctrcaaa- ^i. v^SS!^' """l^favora-jly receivedVeuAtsx.Tbe anther opens wfth a dasetlptlaB of a dinner atgiven rise to so liany contradictory reports, that we ZS^K M ....,"<!''"« "as piompUy eommunlcated; thatlierearlyslaoieswerenotsofor-hanydiho^xtnay sbow that tibaBess his rellgloas authorltj ; whfle tlte Romaa Apostolic deemed it necessary to Issue Monk, Royal Majestyberedllarjp Princes ol the ceuoiry, hit an in- uponlem, where he hoaea to SBpSfintend without let hindrance the splrltnal interests of his bretbren.The Congress resolves that Piedmont b hill be an,tbe liirection of the Ministry of Finance to the Ovunail- lorof the Empire, lONATlcB vew PLSFsa 'death was thewho left ills native shores, and this statute the Princesfoielgn MinisteismiiBREGnoH nID FIHlSCIiL IKTEUiIfiBICI,objectleosto M. IB LxsBsrs' scbcTie 6f Itelstluniu Canal vanish like JWfaM.Capt.WoROK,fton •moke;thattheKingdomofGrefceshallbeatrraa-rcfuiea to repeal. " Mr. Hasais o' these aristocraticmakingeight per ceaL were sabmltfeiemment demands, It woidd—wltlt^ Mjr'leihere, viz., foorstltullonal rate of export datjr an aUvar-^^sicilt.obstinatelyThey look," writes *•treveledthe scenery of tie '•to, aaflfifEcxad to the States of tbe Church,"alter havlnemalcontents, on tbe treaties recently made as unavoidable evils, and accept them as such, bu>, in their conEervative spirit,One naturally thinginthistedlstilt.utionofterritories. Notatallpolicy npmto tie enttraly at aa taf^'^f^TwoBologna to meet the King.The rumor that the frigate Govemoto had been in-May sulted by Neapolitan vessels ia denied.Tbe assembling of the Chambers is to be adjournedregu'fied with thisTheStates,pendingeatabhsliment ot American Influence in tbis countryfree—'Jiat go is, if this Goveramest llvesnp to uasupprseawerepassed. ThepointofviewIs wellchosenfortlaelr Gov- ..-France has no siicli grajplng cupidity;our own interference in the business, andof effect. Ita^he writes, as oihers make war, only "forthe idea;"It a* :^ dafiniteJy eettlad whalher It ahould yet one cannot help thinking that the " of length, extending nape•>'<<McLabz, who Improves snry aommt WMB M^^^la a* ll«nian of Commoss April 30, the adjonmed ilrtitt apoa tba aeeood raadtsg of the Repteaentatlon •f tkeVwple^bUlwaaieaanwd. lb. BaireiHOE eb- )MSli4totkeblU,andthoaghtIt waahardlyworthy Aa albxiycf a Refombill*"\mtli Manxaa dwalbad it aa a luckless" bm,iBdaikMwkatwaatobe done with itHxllL Knudilmt. M.About'3wlU di,ubtle»s proceeu from the United States to England,MiMMf ' different points of lulanst to e»•.•MtlratloBalMondaysaid, if from the poor materials of thisTwo things struck Mr. Haebib as particularly de- sii able In providing for a first Impression of a favora- ble kind on the minds of the He wiiihedble and tumultuous than any of our large seaports,"and that they should get their first sight of Amerlria,not during the stormy and inclement season of Win-the Campaign—Anlrade of air. _''Mnfta«lt<«Wwaald be prepared to go Into committee ferttetyopeae. Be fsaiedtfaeee efforts would fail, ani, it so, he aboold give his decided negatlTe to the *tid sa^lW ef the HiLOn the Biotkn of Mr, Maoavut tbe debate was •gala adjaoTBCd.AisWklsfcini Cvunr, of Inland, has pnhUshed an<measore of reform could be ex-awakened between 6 and 7 in the morning ofIsst, by the ringing of his master's bell. Immediately obeyed the summons, and found the imfortunate man bathed in bis blood, and almost insensible. Tne ser- vant at once called the Minister's twosent taim for thewho found the patient much exhausted from loss of blood, but not ia a positively hopeless state. Thetreattd the medical men to remain silent, and they, as it appears, consented to do so. In the course of tbeta trlamph from the railway station to the Talbot etaL In addition to the present of £\M presented •a Ub> ky the merchants, taere an several others topreparing varioustbe middle of June. NevertbeleBS, it is said that the Envoys and theirto Ten vankflft.Savoy.already given to executelosing groimd every day; ttmkaon death more In speedily.(iTtBamongst them.Isa^splendid cup,In order to«liatway and to tnhat extent Baron Baccs was im- pllcaud In ihe Eynatten Revoitella affair I know not, but be would probably have been arreated had he not killed himself. On the he refu.-ed;moTiiIngbringserenityWe Cad the following In the Lmidon Timu :" In the iikt of prcsentatlbns to the at the " Queenthat the Wednesday, IStb.real cause of the Emper- to be examined by M. HiTzraoaa, the Jud<e, on theIn conforodty wl'h the of theusages Japaneseintt OB Toeaday ia the name of Dr. Ahocbtdb Raw- says:It isreportedhapsthemselves in this respect. The Consul- Geaerai la-Lire : 20.—Dear Sir: in answer to yaiu icqaeat of tlila Bomlng relative to tbe journals,vey for Amoaasadora, and we believe the Calllornlana bave voted some thousands of pounds for ihe charges of gratifying their visitors. Whether the Embassy will be welcomed iu every part of the world wlib the same enthusiasm is another question,ns aa Tneaday, stating that your eves were blindedlo Ihe Customs tariff, shall be fully understood.tbe church was tbe Tutkitb Ambassador, but no other member of the Diplomatic Corps. Ncne of tbe Minis- ters at'euded the funeral, and tbe employes in the dif-I do ksreby certify that I was caLed upon in tbe emer«ea-we assure our but mayyear eyas. Tbe right was closed, hut the left, tbongh swollen, the ^shi (sic) was clear and distinct.AuetJBTca Ra-wlzbob, M. D. To Mr. J. C. Buvia." Mr WiiKu was sJso presented to Her Majesty. [Why was Uatiixa absent t Is he consld-regret to his friends, who had admired tbe steadiness The foreigners alone have to nillier by tbeiSigned)atto disqualified as a volunteer ?]A consider, ble crowdassembled there before the cortege arrived. Kwho looked into the grave, paw that some friendly hand bad covered Ibe bottom of it with beautiful flow- ers.more than that tbe first natural. Indeed,Sportingtain that whatever point of view we look atseat out to Mr. WiEz, the new English Minister toMexico, now in Central America, to proceed here atonce, thus relieving Mr. Mattssw, whose lateeoutEc, »o wantirg in jodgment, has given greatfight,American friends thit we are not in the least degreejealous of their priority In these arrangements. If their squadron first scared tbe Japan-peasant Savetne," as be calls himself, would not be offendedof the neck. This wound was closed by means ofdlnaiy observer imo another sphere and region, while its execution will bear any teclmleal criticism.Mr.ito be taken for a at his diplomatisttwelve of On the inner side of the slips plaster.waaanrisht wiist incised wound twe incites long,can be spared from bis duties here, to saaka »^pamphlet is rot a Dad companion to the"familiar with tbe-f>-iwhichslipsplaster.Holland and and Russis,tnafter all, mean more than a mere pleasantry.France also. IBLEXICANNEWS.ship Svpplf, arrived tm the 29ib ulL Proapecto—The IH« FAILCEE or IHI AMKIIOAV TSXIXT'-VEwropt1860,"toam inclined to think that be will prefer returning wianext, but will be replaced Immediately, BPAIN.In the conference of Wednesday, between Mar-BXaTSDCTION OF THE SAILORS' HOME shal O'Doasiuand Mclst Abbas, all difficulties as to after the boundaries of the two States have beenventured out tbe deep, and tbe Japanese merchants may feel Iheir way—rectly weakens tbe Church Party, even moreaids the Constitutional cause.M. Gasziac tells Qiat he everybodyas well as hunoreds of others, to witness tha ceBt>at, I west to the fi«ht.to in profitbaaiaetli^ the leave (It absence be asked for, and tbat ha wS\VUa Bagalfieent building has been esmpletelydestnyed by a fire wliich broke out on Sunday morn-tag, April 29, and in the course of a few hours left Being desirous of regaining possession of Tetuan, against taking any part in the reception of King Vic- lUtie more standing than the outside walls. In all she has decided to advance the time of paymenttriumph ol the ConstitutionalGovernment.Ikare were m the Institution, wben tbe fire broke oat,Thecorrespondentof the Journal det Dcbats, whoseFiccoiomsi took ber leave of the stage, (or, at least,Jalapa, where, united with a large force which Gov. Zaboba is preparing to send from this State, they willof 120 Inmates, most of whom had retired tomaiciii^ MzjiA, who are with about S,000 men aaai that plaq^of the war, during the course of theApril,Bishops of the Romagna have received a protilbitioa'Oaxaca isHlle. These ti oops then move upon Orizaba, Cordova and lost all bis artillery park and baggage, and laa hlflHpansesMadru, Saturday, April 28. The Officied Gaxtlte eonfirms the statement that theasout concluded,andis al-from Rome bad been commanded the dormitories, aad were in Imminent dinger. They treaty of peace between Spain and Morocco was Hoiineas, has obtained a delay of twenty days.bissigned on the 2(!th Inst, Tbe Basque division remainsziTTi's "^fronunnamitrUo by Roblxs for tbe Liberal cause. Gen. MuiAssA, a most able officer, leaves here to-Tbe Paris Constituhonnel states that the only con- dition attached to the general amnesty granted byPuebia, where there ate large forces at his disposal,tentlon ol joining the of CAScoxoaad Ml brigadesand risk the whole on a battle, as he till IssI toai^ ".cpertal decree, dated the 2:2U alt ,in execution ofthe supplies of provisions to the towps bad been oftenof Ihe "Traviata"by tbe way, the bist night of Mile. Picooluuisi. Fu-victoryLul8,wbere he will be joined by Gen. Diaou.Ano, theinttrcepted. The recent strugijles had caused great GasoBer mt the bodies of Conrtable Htantcaiaad Paragraph 4 of the Imperial Patent for the Settle- exciiement. The details are still contradictory.since the firstnight(1856), also,cenor at tbe advice of Mr. McLaits.ptimiUveChurch, andOBFrom the Londuncessoltad the popolatloBS ;" that Austria ihaU give hts bed. His relatives sent forgreat Falls of Niagara"continent. Mr."per cent, wblob la tba teaVenetlB to the Italians, to the Hungary;Heart of tbettiey wl|^ lo preserve as much aa poeslble of Andes," recently exhibited, have found a com- cost ofHungarians, tbat Eogland shall give up Corfu, Malta and Gibraltar—to Thom Is not add—hotand Gsliela to the PolesBaronBacoa, had been bled. In the evrning several highly-placed persons were in- formed that Dsron Bbuck bad dltd, at ten minutes past five o'clock, of repeated fits of apoplexy. In Europe consequence of this communication His M^asty caveIb return she when all gets Bgvnt,an attackof apoplexy,were naturally indisposed to leave their "Cjn-servabve opponenis with so very stropg a holdover tbrm, and, consequently, application was nudeto Mr.IlAitsisfor ayear'sdelay in tne matter of the painting Israte which It is utterly Impoasibls for the ibear.-As a proof of the vrlsdom ofshe rejects Aaeembly press upon her. France,deceased had diedcomepro-varietycompri.^eslake like inlet of the;with graceful haugbtiness the Rhenish frontier, whichtheliver, tbe distant river itseli, mountains, and anru gulaily jtivid colors of an American Autumnalscene, the encless contrasts of purples and yellows,peacemedlatioDS seemhappy having secured peace of Europe by a rational system of partition,; civil employe M. a of Policescarieis anC browns, running into every conceivablelookingbribery might be much mora eSecttre than thelideclines the gift, and to the proceedsI aliiter to exaggerate, or revel in variety ot hue amdefltct, like a Turner of the toreat. But Mr. Ceopbztbaa resisted the temptation, and even a little tempered cidai for the Libenlsto treat at all with to maoV^reduction, by lOO.OOO.OOOf., of her war estimates, and to the promisemy at the Universityhaveof tbe abolition of all restrictive measures. The abo- went to Baron Bicck'bthing approaching to liberty of the press, an Infinites- imal approach to freedom of elections—some:hlag more than a skeleton sketch of the debates in the Chambers, which perhaps would be made more inter-brlPiani, but not quite lost to sobrtetv. as we havesr we seenitme'lmea, ihink, in thai Western World.Mm all the miaoiaswtla ciiculation in ihe City of Mexleo aa to Us dkngMMimhI,otd Wosaasma, in rsidy to Lord CuaaiCAasi, esting by a larger publicity, and other advantages p«ar after death- The chest wasthe House of Lotds April 30, the Kational X4«cattoBal qocstioD in IrelaDd was dlicussed at amc^tngAi and finally tbe motion wa« agreed to.new'•no embassy should leave Japanall these aad European Intrignee,which are certainly worthy of attention.M. About rlsclaims ail personal views In bit sketch;arched,abd9-on tbe the 30th with Col. PioEaTi la the JtaaHnU?'-Carte dc appeared in 1858. and may,which was closedOn tbe inner aide of tbe left wrist was an incisedMISCELLANEOUS.The Ifoni'rettr publishes a note of M. Thouvenel'sproving that the annexation of tbe neutral district of Savoy will not change the situation of Switzerland. He also announces a law project concerning the tariff adopted by the legislative body on wools, cotton, and other raw material.Tbe Berne Bund contains afliat a proposal liad been made by France to Switzer-statement to the effect relinquish her rights indistricts of Savoy, inassembling of a Conference at Paris after the ratifi- cation of tbe treaty of Turin by the Sardinian Par- liament.and sons, theyeverydirection theprospectsarebrighteningto the treaty gives os aU newon tbe part of the United Slatet. Ihere ofland for the latter Power to reference to the neutralizedconsijeration of anThe sameBiiosina and physicians Wiuiia,"mer o! these conoillons he seemed to be easily secur-hopesofalso states that thesomeshould be conveyed from Aspin wall to tbe Potomao, taken place with regard to the Treaty, and that its convinced that an scttveIndeamily50,000,000 francs. Federaliirg by tisilng their departure from Japan;the secondofezamlze the state of affaire here—Qwy -aroniljoiunaldaiotiaDat ezereiaea daring the coming month, he Council had received no official notifications of the had occurred from the knowledge of the world, en-thatfavorablechangehas•tterpaeMial, In which, after recommending somefamily, being exceedingly"suggesiingthey{at the " saerUegloas King of Sardinia," raplalB* that the exeommoalcatton bull has thatwithouttouching at any other port li theUnitedStatas."iatervastloa ta lUsaUqpaelafly OB the TeiT points of Its horns.TeabTSWflitted onthe30th,wherehe TheFederalCouncilhasresolvedontheinstruc- in, Thefamilynouldfainhavepersuadedthemtopower tan,vvlththeJapaneseEmbassyonboard,hadduly bothpecuniary assistance and moral support pacificatorofthisooimtiy,butIbeUerebewillLtrerpool wait for a time, but they were not to be moved, and it Vae locelved with '—»"*» ssttauaiaam—tlie muIU- tions referring to the Conference, to be sent to M was settled that a consultation should be held at 6)^arrived at tbe chief port of California, so ihat thefirst Impressions of the Illustrious travelers would be against Eiuopean intervention, while the amend- nothing at all. The Liberals here are ezeaadl^lfderived from San Francisco at the end of March, In- ments proposed will give the Treaty in- against It, and the lettera which came Irnmlada remand the Inrses from the cab, and drew him Kern.o'clock In the afternoon. Before that hour arrived Baron BaucK bad ceased to exist. The presumption Is that tbe ex-Minister took some vegetable poison-yesteid^at Vera Crnx, are atnmg- ly opposed to the mediation of Englaad. Tbalfka-The French Government ismeasures for Improving trade, agriculture and manu. factures In the newly annexed provinces of Nice andfltesd of from in WashingtonOrden have beenthe plan of a railway ta be nm from Nice to Genoa, with numerous branches.The Paris correspondent of the Morning Heraldmon Government Isnewt from the interior It unirenally favorable to Oa Liberals ; Guadalajara is meaacea by a large fbna, under the command of Ooazoh, aad tt is gaDcnlly be- lieved that it has already been takea. Kear >aa Louis is a large force well anned aad wKkanaa, of New-York, by tte United Sutes Minister." or's absence from the ball at the Hotel d'Aibe was the as a plea that he,tbe Em-forms Hr. Cabs be was desirous that, thoughhad been retainedhere only beoaase he was a peculiar pet of M. Wa- tillery under tke coaimand of UEAaA, and weand a new Minister appointed, (who it is said hereit U. Sciiois SI SiKiOHr, late Searetary of Legation From Horelia about 3,000 men bare BuehaiwasIt appears by the Bmrimg Lt/e tbat a Or. Acodstcs discovery of a foul conspiracy against his Majesty's peror alone—but on Friday he consented to reply to Bawuaea, of New-York, U among the aapporters of life. The general cliculatlou of the and the the Questions which were put to him. After hta ex-of put- ting the Emperor to no expense In his viaits to Jcddo,good ar-aHaa.aBd Is cne of tbe American party w&o came •rer to Snglasd to act at a correspondent to one ofreport,fact of numerous arresis having been made on tbeTheCoolies and maintaining his servants and escortwhat they do for others they may exoect to be done for them. We are assured, indeed, by Mr. HABSia that Lord Eloiv, in bis abortive efforts to aadayperhaps .the occupation of San Lois by Oeaid M. KxLLxa, the general prosecutor, had an inter- the Kair-'fetk joQinaJB, and, In coDjuoclon with Itr. day after the ball, give it an appearance of probabil- view with Count GoLLCooTrssi, tbe Minister of the In-andprocureat least con-Wnjui. eaadnctcd tbe Ulusuated piper brought out 1b Kagtaad after the figbt" Tbe same member of lbs madlcal profesMaa has written the following cur-loBa eantflfUe, aiao printed la the "Moslay'kBotel, AprilMinister removed from the church to the cemeury, who.IsrepantsgthedetailsofyourcontestwithSxx- tillthedeterminationoftheGovernment,withreeoect butveryfewofhisso-calledfriendswerepresent. InCastillo, who cotnmaiHls In the State ofity.The Timet correspondent saysterior, and Count Nadabbt, the Minister of Jus'ice,and those declared to the Em- gentlemen subsequentlyat Washington,) and that a change of policy wouldOnw^Blto,Theone of lauitnde in the oommereial world. It is cer-t^ f^The Government here doeatime ; they have nei-ber men, arms, aor laoiaey. IAm^ decreed an exorbitant contriimtton called 4eand are preparing anew eonttlbQttan of ttaao cent on capital which wUI be pobliibed aezt;it, trade in France is undergoing a crisis which will not ceaseassembled yesterday to see the remains of the £x-BotUngtafha MBM^The Paris markeU are extremely dull, and sales aredUE-aad lesdend laeapable of comtinnlsg the•y, and Imacdlately after tsa contest, to eiamiae cult. The silk manufacturers are not in a flourishing ferent Government offices received orders not to ap-a number ofThe Paris flour market had risen.at it In imiform. ceremobnuyt bfeegwan.At 3 the t'me at which o'clock,ese iito sociability, they had a claim to the firstwith which he had thrown his Influence in favor ofbecauceescHpepayment. OftheforeignliouseamaByvvUlbaconditionlooms are idle.Pa«i9, Tuesday, May 1—3;^ P. M.pearthesequently persons drove out to the place of guarantee visit. It waa nothe Mexicans into obliged lo abut up, being unable to bearttieae coaM*;tions,Tbe Funds have been ratherNorthern Railway shares, for which theie has been apeace,seek to induce and even force themenced xili already,:pastweek wasand the plan la that all tbeae Bazlo and march OB the capUaLsiiaU tiwtfaiFederal troops occu-beginning.early navigatorswith the United States ivllldutyengagements, which, perhapa, is donbtfaLter was poared upon tbe buminn pile, but, notivitta- Spain is, that parties implicated must take an oath of dered Ills resignation, in order to take service as a ed. If it be.'The following information, which is from privatesources, wUl serve to explain how It happened that a fair been left to chunce, but tn tbe incidentalpart of the tiath was so long kept from the knowledge menls theConsul-Genersl displayed considerable sa- of the authorities. Baron Bscos'e valet, who was gs city.year.ataadisg this, the flames extended vcltb great rapidity,aBlii at length the whole of tne immense buildingwas in flames. Conitatde Hlsdacbi, the rn^a who-was flrstopontbetcene, had ascended stall ladder forla* Burpeee of passing a hoee into the building, wbeutke ladder apon which he rested broke, and he fellwith great violeiiee to the ground. Ha was at onse bave proposed to recognize the sovereignty of Queen discourageipent prevails. Tbe number of persons lor tf.e unaccountable apathy of a part of tbe oper-allegianceto the Queen.Gen. Lahoiicizxe was to return to Rome oil the 3d of May.nowoccnpieti by Roblzs,but which areThe Patrie and tbe Pays of this evening state thatstration tbat tookplacedispatches bave arrived from Spain confiinUng the staumtnt tbat Count Ps MoaTXHuUN and tiis brotherjesty'sbeacceptedasgenuine,tIIPaxib, Tuesday, May 1.jmayarrested is coosidere'jle. Tne citadels and prisons atic world on so interesting an occasion. At the possession of Puebia witttn this month." ~-and Vat, will be appointed Councillors of State. tlie gbnifuu at Palermo, though numoenng ttrenty Tbe Requiem of Count Stephbm Sczsosmti took thousund men, are a'laid to proueea to tlie interior.;headLibera a nave in the field, but he has personal oooiagtaconsider it necessary—Ihongh the taak is a painfulw.^^^*°»"<'an SecreUry ol Stateare persuaded tnrately directeddtf In the withdrawal of flialrtothebest whart^tBtae captalh, sn English laoy, a Boown ooak, a Pied- stances connected with it which are based on atithen- ^;„.h°^JS. J"."}"* ''»" »«"«<* a twelve. ri|ki application of the word, tssseaot by an "assist,''reqaeaitke HadsOB. Times,tbeastothedDUaatoba paid t>1Immediately what saw. thatCbczcb'sphysi- cians, who omitted to communicate to the authoritiesand tne1they having hadAreportwas spreadexport on this CMwtitefatheir aBMcBt institotioos." The Japanese Liberals panion picture in Mr. Caossv's "Autumn on the twelve periorders that thebemade'puollc. (Tuesiiay) pre- scribed inspection (by means of 'searchers') of the body took plaee,and In consequence of the report sent in, a judicial examination mto the state of the case became necesiary. In the meantime reportsratifications,Ing to tbe Toysge might be removed, ruis proposition alpo tbe Americans graciously received, be'n« appar- ently solicitous about one point only—viz, that tlie honor of a first visit from tbe Japanese shovid be tbeiiB, and tbelis alcne. Especially were the? jeal- ous ofponloPktely elated when it seemed clear thAt we must be left to play tbe second fidole. " Our country- men," writes the commander of the American flag-6^ •~^"wound three inches slipsofplalster."long,andAmericans, therefore, could hardly come otherivlse InproTemeBtaAto Euri have not been numerous since tbepe openingof the trade, the business transacted with Chma has been on a ver> extensive scale. We are quite satis-the piesent chain olfor intervention against the policy of the UnitedexpulsiondispatchTurin,April 30, saysEuropean intrigues the Treatynowforegoing autograph On the 24th inst.letter should not tbefor you to pnbUahbis reference to this Co»iuci«, wbiek••hada Crown M. KaouBooLTz LiENOACuxa, lawyer;;Tbebave been a great blow to tbe Chsrcihthatto the knowledge of tbe President of the Provincial Court. A cominissiun, which was formed of Dr. Hi-r- ziKorx, a counselor of the Criminal Court; of M.Dr. the Professor of RoKiTAiie&T,isconvention tbatiMimMI»ttgxtmi^fm§''-^morphine or strycbnine—duringandthat hesuite are with exceedingly delighteddirect frombyofwhich was closed with sixcommerce. Tbe Pocokontae tte T socompanlsabecamesome of their more renowned colleagues being calledrled, for our American of intelligencedoinggain tbe glory of being the ""^tittiday, however, theyalarmed,andinsisted onyesterday at>- prises the world Ibat the United States ship Ponio-theiiifiicted the wounds on his neck and wrists towardsIJaiifomia en- tertainments, and these displays may gain, perhaps, in novelty and zest what tbey may lack in ordecoiumThe United States Government, we are told, will bear all the costs and charges of the Emoa'sy, per-intelligenceperor that tbe endsto to furnish Embnanscstys Ltohnedon, promisednow ensueand from England that ordera had beentroapsMinister,responsibletoin commemoration of the estab- The treaty of the 24th of March will be discussedtbey stretcn bt.wever, ought to do something in smootnlng tbeleave next monih tut ;iBe truth is he haabeea recall*private gunner.fete,that a newMexico, Saturday, April 28, 18M.fated with France.Letters from Rome to tbe 24th: state "countiyoien at home.Farewell of mile. Piccolomlnl. From the London Times, May 1.lOa EuAMIEI.."At her last Majesty's Theatre,night,self is a to some whUa prisoner, according reports,others say he has been shot. DaASA isagainst Guaiiajuato,;and if be irti allh iiinniiiiaaaaAdvices from Messina of the 28th of April state that perfect tranquillity prevails there, but that generaland wasplace provedcapableofficer,andare crowded to excess. Reports are very contradic-Clurch forces Is certain, and the road to tha capHal that a moat im- will be opened. The fact Is, Ihat if tbe Liberals show-AUSTKIA.valae. Thscoetof its ereciion was£.lO,. Count Arpoitrj and Messrs. MuauAinr, Sohosllbs meiit IB about to n« transferred to Messina, aad that zuRiB,or tbe mus'C of Sigrn r Cami-ana—call lor a potlant success gained 'bya violent deathKaiiEU, Commissary; .Anato- Baacrr-sadly mortified, as is shown in a publicationshare tntrigne andwhenPathological Dr. CsssKza and Dr.a^ lately been. It is clear it would Itave been nl-~°~;ISO (who had attended the deceased on the 23dap.>artmenisnts^es, FaAscis iCaorrBsaoaa and SsBASTiArr MoaAuaa,tbe capricious liniing of natureandMr. McLaxz has stndloosly held himself aJeef'^at' -'''^examined his oody.Tbe corpse, which was in bed, was large and pow-judiciallyfor any foreign nation before the missiun the bearingJatanese ratification should have arrived at Washing- tun." This patriotic anxiety, however, will not be veiy sobstantiMily rewarded, If, as appears probable, the Japanese, when once on thfir travels, sbnold de- termine on making a clean sweep of the matter, and going over half the wjjrid. Mr. Habris himself re- marks that ibere is no need to provioe for the returnof the since "the Ambassador voyage Embassy,Tbe result Is a fine pleture, f uof points tbat are neerfully made. On the back were the which spots ap-without being wholly foreign and strange to the Eu-ropeaneye. ItistoograndInsize,perhaps,lorq*joidluaty exhibitions, as It would displace a dozento himselfuuderuke a mcdlattcn, ata ntacaiy sMkdV''^neck waa an Inclied woundwhich was seven Inchesvalleys In North Wales But if exhibited alone it will do much to iocrease Mr.Minister we bave ever bad,means of fivetbeOn tbe left side of t:iedesirous of what keepingaratificallon with the amendments proposed by Mr Siuuom is now considered certain, thus giving osamination on the last-mentioned M. Hirzi-iosa tidiis. day,Japanese always Insisted on his pavingofdismissal of Baron Bsucx from omce. A great crotvdrurl-i.efforts of the Japanese In the way of commerce should rie directed to the shores ol China or California, instead of beingachieve aLiberals to abandon the very principles for which hedatedupwhileInthe ratification ofnight,justice required the temporary;It rainedand bad. however, alreadyand tbeir was athe Constitutional ciuse andwere bow surprised to see him, in bisandvery heavily,con-againsttbeChurch, eagernessgoto-morrow tou ailing to be remitted. ThU, however, has toThecompleteThe siege ofready so far advanced that toe result ia certain. Luis, between the latter place and ZaeatecasL TiaAaship to Mr. Habeis,were quite gratified at y*»(irwerebetween the extremes, might eas'ly tempt a debate,Jeena Ciaau. a doorkeeper in the Int'ituilon. Tbe ment ol Hungarian Protestant affairs. Tbis decree After tbe destiucdon of Cariid tbe Rovai troops re- ture bicgiaphers, perplexed how to disll>iguisb this Commander-in-Chief of the Cunaiitutiuual forces of anc boneiB by this negotiation. Tbere is a geaanitJan ioaad is eaick case a verdict ol " Accidental oideis tbat the branch oftae Ministry of Public Wor- turned to Palermo. A fight between the insurgents popular lady from her contemporaries by some tlte Repunllc, during this week, aa he was to leave lumor in town that Mr. McLabs is coadagaptofMawhich is to consist of Evangelical coreligionists,shall be established Immeolateiy. All questioos rela-tliig to Protestant, religious, and acboiastic matters in nitditating an att,:mpt on Palermo. A columii which tru'b to assert that In the course ol her short Liadon the oiffeiene es whICBsLip,terof the Bcuqueta;" for it is no exaggeration of theetner ptovlnces, are abo to be re'erred to ttiis branch of the Ministry, which will prorisionally consist ofleft Messina en the 2(ith of April, was engaged in Insurgentstne orlgii-ai V'loferra than to tne original Lucrezialikeiy to Induce Mr. McI,abs to quit tke xaataga ThedepartureofthecoiUvctatsstQliadooM.ttwouldthree Couuciilors, whoare already220, at Gaiatl, which tjwn was destroyeJ. ToeBt'gia(GiuiiA Gaisi—also about to in the redre),edInconsequence. Thereareveryseriousdifficuiues:Fromto the sucoessful development of the organlzatiou of TV'hcn the tirst Embassy departed from these digiously advanced.Bungaiy, and 1 w;i] Their-fi.rf, In tbe Inutrest of the country, oppose with fi'mnrbs -tna decisloa any at-The Coroner's jury In the Greatasaldent have brought in a verdict oldeath, addla( that the raUway was unsafe at the Ume dtmunstratiuus. I count un tbe cooperation of been occasioned by a voyage to the moon. We are that sirice she first elicited the sympathv of au Eng- that by gettmg Ameiican aid he can retain his posi- signs they preparing•fthadlsaslar.The yeuBg wheat Is eonsldered tole whole, a satisfactory appearanre inalitaaagk Ike plaat ie backward and ttOn In somenow dispatching an Ambassador to the same country[srNorthern RaUway accidentalshores to the unknown Cl'v of Peking theto disturb the mirids nrthe people by means of created almost as much sensation as would have Bucre.-s, is urquesiion^ble. Asalready ofatlea»tl0.fOOmen.It would appear from pra«present,under very dlfieient conditions;happensthatpi ogress. Just as she and acte-1 in Ib3n, sangtemptiiu'iuesiionabiethat are loreverv man of honor in my efforts tj serve and benefit on my dear native counuy and tne Empire at large."proi-lamation ol the latter, have given rise to a raportliest periods of history has a dl;>lomatic mission bee* sent out from the Empire of Japan until the presenta hundred hare start- Japaneseof 2»lavery.The people of the States of 'Nuero Leon andCoahuiia are, however, not generally favorable to VisAbXKi's plant, and when tbe Constltu'iunal Civ-enment is relieved from its other more pressing dif- France,ficttities,' ^__.i.r .K»^tmder martial law should tha resistance of its Inhabitants to the will ofMinister of War enrolled under the CoBstltattoBaltato.to M.that Hungary is to bethe Imperial Unvemmtnt be coutmued.Gen I'AHiiA, formerlymidet-afC.- j^v 'Tbe ViennaGmzitie, of April 29, publishesan Im-before the London season is over we perhaps maysee of tbia wonderful iu genuine »pecimens pe,>pleno means end,ca cuiated to displayw asGen. ViGA had evacuated San Luis, aad^lpeaM^placedperialcode, according to whlrh It "as necessUry for foreign-opera byIt is from ers »ho were Ihe rs of prcprieKSUICIDEConetpondenee •/ ihi Lndmt Ttmea.pariwseOF BARON BRUCK.Vii»,»,Ia the Weiner Zeitmg of lo day is an ofBciai articlewfT best; andBavov pere Siicninpauied tbe tzerUons of tbe littletheher Traviata," (inbut itat this moment an Embassy is on its wae, probably'.he forgets the example of and Texas,nearlyed on what Is likely lo be a tour of tbe world, andGabsiao, IOalili»-at to arrive.*^-« ^SSV'«B«tleas in lightwaAenRome, against whichI~ *"**\SSlS''\T'"'"'' of eourse, came to nothing. tbe dissoluiloii el tne Provincial •Goveinments of and tbe Japanese had been followed by a eommer- na'ton which, we may fairly surmise, would hanlly, tbe Une of the Bajio, to act iu concerthis a mock proeseoUooTbe Wtcner Zritung also publishes anmilitarymoveletterIiwas paMl^ at BrusseUi, and was at flrst oetmsl- Cracow and Czeruonltz.sll-""*•". TBI Haboin Uitbiiu Cabb.—Bomon bana on Guanajuato, uid OOA.oa, wOoof the autograph- Luipeior, dated the 27th Inst., decreeingWhen the treaty of amity between the AmericansztTTi'efarsuperior music, (weddedto a dramaticnow a large and well-aupphed force, will withuponexpeditionprei-erei.teuly bi]cl,ba6 beeu-markeu by un-levia logSt""5as to torn tliat by moulding its possessorgenlos IntotheLiberals.mosteee 'officer, a Russian traveler, a Fri^alan, an tic data. The Vienna Provincial Court, which is In- month Mcnar but for a remarkable impedl- mostbelamen'ed but that her want of artistic ao- porter, M. ;.American cidxen, and two othat paiaoiif, one from Vi- quiimg into the circumstances connected with the I5*'V»JS_? J"^* explained on a former occaalom culremrnt is eomprnssted by gifts fdlly aceoontiog enna, the other from Ns^e, are t|ie gtieats. At the crminai frauds that took place duringtlsB late war, tbe etrrumstances which Induced the Japanese to for Ihe koM she has obtained OB tlie of flie d<ssertthe converfatlan turns on palittes ; they, agree deemed it advisable, In order to have a more exact emerge from iheir poutical seclnsloB, a»i accept tutoied and fiaaUBfaGAszua, the kaew eleigy:tofOrm a Congrets. and, being duly installed, they and complete knowledge ol the state of tbe case, to IV!^'."-!^"'"""".''^'' intercoiirte with the Oalted to a very large extent, these gifts to her condition of affaire in the City of Ifagdaoieiaiclne Baron Baccx, the Minister of Finance, as States. Tbe result was the effect of terrorABQillf "EES nXZX-FI6HTEBS. or Paris, to regulate the detOnha of Europe. An a witness. This examinatioD, which began on Fri- ol enllgktenBent, and as soon, therefore, as tbe her artistic powera very eooaldenbly szceadlnK tbe private letters tecatved by fh'swith less delay than those of Vienna,animated diictis>lon rollows in the sfjle peculiar to day, the 2Cth.liut, led to a lurther collection of evi- Ameilcsjiaqusdronhaddlssppesrea from the B Ay of ftlthful estimate. W|rh those oonvleUoDS wo record axttaatAan^this writer; and tbe upshot is that the Turk repre- which was of sucb a nature tbat it appeared JeOdc, U.e trtdldonal prmclples of dence,proceedVerona,only,foundgraphically described In tke'auiML,her finalsenting hlsnatlon, agrees to qnlt Btirope, and to retire probable the witness. Baron Bsucx, would very saon resumid Iheir sw.y. However, as tbe treaty was ratic suie, at Ibe present time, does not boast so TV-oatd'IMtm.ofwlilakllaaloae MlUsa. Itito Medina, and tbcie. la tbe practice of ail the virtues be confronted with other nimesses and persons ac- slgieo, «l>»re 'tru no help for it ;ei;forced by the Koran, to exercise In Oriental quiet- cused.* Under such circumstances. His Imperial party in 1^ Imperial CouncU, composed of the who, at the best, onlypromued great things.CONFERENCE.ft«jn UK. Aboat. revert to the aimpUalty of theannounces Ids deterndiiatidB to set out for Jerusa-but the o'»truciive many luminaries that we can afford tostated in tha most raliabiathat the OmAtcts wUI net UnttUttiiCEgyptChina,placeof the PacificId tbo IiibrralRecall of HI. GBbrlac—The Defeat ofthan first on theBBITIEH CHABSI—OIP.Mtma BT mifltll -r^Tit seems now ascertainedthat, thoughthe stiipmenisfoie that leaves, itispoaaibleso that tbe atla';h- unpleasant liabilityinland fromlatterin a Shanghae paper, made, it Is said, by one of Lord Eloqi's attachee." Resolved to secure so fa- yotable a position, the Consul-General, in accord- ing the portnonement desired by the Japa- nese, sltpuiated by a foimal article in thethe shore beforehugged they uponbe found tbe re- in ail its proper supremacy, ail of which, while it di-contiguous ponsprobdbiy^n. Tbe Saratoga is still in port, as disoinJapanese visiting list, even had tbe af-arrange-strangers.tbat they should be received " at a place less eicits-OorrsspondsBts.ter, but inihe beautiftii month of Jane." Toe for-he eniieavortd to iuaore by thatma Havana—we learnWeftar, however, tbat this mat oeuvre has miacar-Isinditpensible.Mr. Hatthiw islain whichPoUuto makes a Christian of the previously increJui-;Infact,accountJapanese Dolicyappearance wlta regret. The Italian Ope-route." Theheroictwo officers who were dressed in private clothes dur' ous CamtUa. The house was fashionably attended, morrow, to take chief command ia the Slate of can gather and twelve pieces of artillaip.wiataalkiiMartlri,"cjnstancy ofMuaimw leave tbe day alter to-ainrow, with aU tbe tmea habut by no means crowded;fell short of what had beenend of every Imporiaut scene Mde. Piccotou-ment generallyanticipat- informed,as we werenot a single free admission was sent out, the demon-true, however,Theatrewarm enough to console the heroine of >he eveningtory. It is Said that a Neapolitan general has been IM (whose periorar>ance of Alntna does not this froia— mure than ilie drama of Lan- dinary for packet Mexico,bv tbe insurgents, toat tne teat of Govera- any Signorcaptured has neentols time (>nl> a little pluck they ought to enter this cl'y next mon'b. Mizauor has neither arms, moBeTyAtheand, indeed, tbe excite-'ban to ont HUe. PiocoLoai.sias the " Artist singleTainpicoDseoLX.ADO has been very successful In reiouctiingcity,seitllngthe Eor'^peaa IVMsai^haveexistedserious combat wlta the on the^utand quai'iity of these floral gifts uave been de ucated to ciency and cncert of action may hereafter be expect- ground be now occupies.appointed.FELDzEioaiiisTta TON BsssDSK, the Commanding co'umn. under the command of Gen. (Lktixia. had quanerbe sure to leave If the prettyAnotheraide who In tha House of Commons is for reform, as Geneial in Hungary, has issued a proclamation which left I'alermo, in urrier to stioaue Trapani. It was it tenup'euly and In an equal measure charmed and Leon, who seems determined to create rupture vrith Cf nt. on ail moneys aent. GasaxAO declares that sirThe London ytwt D««»Ruval ticrops fell Par^k upon Messina.which the iat'er baa un-however, with Gov. ViOACaai, of Nuevo atea opposition to it isThe London Tmtt, in a leader, says that if the ei-by two Irigates.sayathat to-nightcentury duringpending,exhausted.In substance ts aB follows" As a faithful veteran, and as a native o( H'lnga-supportedanouialoua dispail<y In the dlstnbutton of theatrical favoisis Qiffii-uli to explain, and encourages the be- lief that eltherthe taste fori^ood dramatic singing has deilliie', or the taste forfair,per cent, is as high as thoold be chargedwill de.of aedifiei: Ibe uiusical public of this couutrv. 6ucn an the Federal authoriue6,ana carry oui his idea of a sep- per cent, would be and Mr. Matiszv ioslats laatwisely lo take herplans, aa it is folly detei mined to do.To return to movemeiita. Usaoa havingani artUlery.MiBAHOs was about learlng Maslco, to i^ilr tidala'tdisas er.it waa agreed that tne rtt,ficitiana of under any circumsiat.ces, have suggested Itself to the who is nowtreaty, " movingeialthe latter InstrumentCity of WashlLxtun, an UDderstaocing which neeas-..^-aattly invelTed the appearanceof aJapaneselady warsof these movements ^ commer- /""""'fnioment lo*should be In tbe au'bor or was augmented to f^ exchanged AlmlDa,'*) positivelyis now besieging Guadslajara. Without some extraordinaryto makesconfendOB, to wbicbLet us be jus', aad'uya^e. rceiiis tbat the Emperor had do ship fit to teseivr, that thie was a splendid ebuIUtian—not of to Ibe Church pany,gallows, great agabisty^ar in which die propoeetl Em^«8sy mli^htmake thedeclare, islehaatand tbat it Is rendered certainafenee jrt)Mr*.^cr«w]rill(ik.Ike Pacific, while the Ofdinary passengerpart it, ka|ef Impuistyeg's- that GuanajuatoUntitled DocumentCTowd, (beib untutored,) is as true as tbat,tJksao roes extreme confusiou ralgns 1b—...^_^not appertaluiajt idlosyncracy bave, lysl unnaturally, leil toaoellef ialose even oaegenious device for nullifying the convention, and Amexlcaa An in Baroiso—Oiwpacy'a Aatnaa cannot spare the troops nsrssiary tniti i•iCJapan,penalty awa'tUig any JiuaoeseAmerican artists are rapidlythe un- porUoBofthe English public familiar withLondon. TheOf Ihe locality—athe Hudson, bstween West Point and Newburgh— In the rtcinity of the Sleepy Hollow of WAsaisaioffand theIsviao, Sunnyslce, plea.santly-na.ned re-treat In which the last years oi that popular writertbeXagilakthem,bydoingGovemmeat aAaroad to Intercourse. If a hundred selecte,!are to travel freely over Europe, Asia and America,they can hardly fail of getting the>r ideas expuideJ,and cemmunicaiing their impressions to taeir that this long struggle Is soon about to end by tbe the news which seacbed us yesterday, tliat Gea*JapaneseCmWesternHucson River," now on vUw tn the studio of tothe who has been for some artist,I^a Trga by the Iilbcral Forcea—Probabil-DIIXAT OF DIAZ DC TIOA THE rCTDRB OT THB FACTIOKS.FromOar OrrOwn o espondsBt.CiTTor llMxxeo, Sunday, April S^ uai, Tbe late news from the United States in iities or McIiaBe.From Onr OwnVisa Cacz, Wednesday, May 2, 1860,Infor the Liberal cause. By our last dates from tlisBT ISS T Tim ITU.'^ '""^United States—to the 16th April, from New-Orleansoolyvtah onr public men coold coaie to flds eUycieased popular strength here. By the samesteamer we haveSonthampton that the moment of the accession to power of the new French Minister, U. TBODvmi,, a strong movement was commenced by the French merchants and others interested in Mexico to securewhoGabbiac,be could not roropletely aucceed In avoiding obliga- 1.XWSXI, and that Uiis movement had been suceessfal &om one to another the newa of atreaty, gefourgrtahpehihcoanlor posfl'aionfirst pretty g >ck1crnnraT maaaga to". buiK-ns. and commercial /allures, which have cesa*;the recall of M.time settled in perfectly faithful viewoM^ countenancing such a Government as tk«t«t1w,'J;hisAutumnis stillpulcuBseifishopponents.'-CsorsiY's reputation among us. It will take the or- come so well acquainted with all parts of M«a|M Min order thatthe newsof so favorable a character as to really awaken hopes The most important event of this week tiasFrom tbe interiorisfromevery directionorRoHCLO DiAE DZ LA ViOA bad been completely de- feated b> UiAOA, who commanded the Liberal foreea, Tbe nattle took place about fifteen leagues bom Saawith which, and those from Oaxaca and this State, hathat will move on Puebia after the reduction of the towns at Ihe Estanc'a de las Vacas." I hope XTBAeAmU haprudent enuuit h not to accept an engagementvery weakly ne csn brlnft an overwhelming force, wliich Is likely writbln tbe walls of Her Ma- ganisened. Gen. Mibahda. in the late siege of tils to be tbe caee, for he has now some 0,000 mea, wltahimsaii a brave andis imdoubltdly one of the most reliable in the Uext-very good ar.lllery,wnlch will be largely augaeatodbf that w hich be has taken from Vssa. Huxsia, bom Mo-. nils, it with 2,S00 men In Lagos. If they combine ttaar^ "On the noilb, we bave just teamed by the extraor'*-* Iror S' ffii'ieni men to makeLetters iiom Naples to tne 2tJtb ult. couArui toat recalled a siinlltir comjititrieni being paiu her with, march of snme sixty mlies, and fell upon Vzo&'s force and IS quirk, and we must wait ana see-;wlaat thaia* . ^ -.^of the town.Tne Vienna Gazrife, of May 1, publishes aa Impe remain to be pursued. Letters affirm, however, that sort have not been thrown attbe'eetof anypriXiCii>al squareeri.ment statesthatonlygreatly. a few hundredporlantTbe Liberals taere are very glad tbe rtiii iiiiinailab'st act she was once, aud after toe secunil ucl t'vtce who a— was a surprise on lbata's part, made forcedot the duet from the'' thethe t'rrmination Martiil," lastmovemeiito" wblcii was jedemanded am repeA',*d. Probably so many bouquets and "ieBtimonial8"of thewhliein the vicinity. Both in point of moral effect anl gainof atlUieiy and park,is a most imuortantVers CiuE refuse to accept the Engllah miwllsUaa^_ '^.carelessly, not dreaming that oe was.'this8i>ogs;res8 one for tbe Liberals Uzaoa has siuce oc,-upled Sao and I have not the least doubt that tbey acted l»aii»>''-'*'thediffer- career of between lour and five yea-safar greater ent leaders of the Liberal forces, and Increased effi-storyEng- _ fortificadoBS to an dlrecUoDs about Ihe city. Some of their neayiesj under tne li/fluence ut Gov. Gasza, will remain laith- eatthwmkf area mile from the waUa To "efeM Tdi»t>l«df nioiselle Piccouumi's career, though un- ful to tbe Federal Union. ViPAUazi's bessttmg sin Is the works erected thev will require a garrlsoaanibiiiun and incepeudence ol control, aud he thinks lish aodience Inr the trioulatlons'aud misfortunea ol a tion of supreme command by effecting a separation.••*'> >»<««""*•IZtZOBAPB.lWAsaisoioK, Sataiday, May It.The appoiiitment of a military man—Lieotenant-Genetal Cunt Locis Camnsvnxs—to be Adlatus toGneialTos Bzssnsx, and tbe somewhat meaaciog first British mission to China. Never from the ear- |j,f!8, t:he nas retained them encn, ttllke unr;n-tngeu, pour In and control every iblog, even to tha adoption from Ta..,.ico .i.i Vera Cruz on the 1st inst.s itTrutnAld. she ba:^ in an artistic sense, made little, If Poor manut-mocified. Musicians and muslt-.ai connoisseurs bave never admired her voice, or even allowed tQ«t (he was a mistress of the vocal art; but tbat the "aiest pu'illc" was of a different mind, will hardly be dis;.u'ed, seeing Ihat her populantv has remained UDdimibished to the and that lastoiitbt, in an•any.she has ruo'lnued losing and act up to the present lime. Whatever her merits, whatever her stiortcoin-does not see tbat ks would soon be ridden over aud lost among the swarm of Americans, who woald SDonl-icayvM of Wednesday oan- tain, a sumniai J of the new. by the steamriiip Cl^.,of tlieSieiia Mao re, to be composed of tbe States of Nueroaration, and the tormaiionLeon and Cuahuila and rsmaullpas. But the latter,amongRepublic.probableminister may atxiiattim in the midst of-I inclose to yon, sod tn tbe foBcoaaapoatabssUag A«i would lUs Oovemmant propose avfoundallon.-"i '~ aad I<aiSri5*« .?Jcasxz,Zahosa and othentoed, arid it isIw the next paiket.forward withHs Is now absent from ken. bavtaw^C coupleMAZflBVlataAai;>;& ouk ooou; it. because be thought to reap a greataatoi^'^~"i'^'InTentedhwRoaiaS''' who ssked bim to come no. butisvery ftrntombetv -'''foreign Mtnistoneoaid make terms with the clergy, wbo demand eight perof tne fourlish consignments."-ttm ttHI ban aa;onbaas.'  