 iL.^ief Pnisaia arrived there on the 14thinst,and the first and only information of their tes-timony, which. In almost every instance, I received, highest commendation which could be bestowed on Ffrst Engineer of the steamer Ben arrtved was obtained from the publication of such portions of the heads of these departments. Thesoverelgn peo- Lewis,accounts.ofinterestheretotheAmciicuuuadeutiiu I^UureK.tw.»„ihc ^Tnij»dstates«gt~'8painprovidinga faonoiablemanwouldneverrvenentfLtalOdistant meet. IhaveatallUsaeaInvitedanddefiedfairIn-fire here ys'lerday:—S. Moatos loas oai^«nBiaai9«)sTOL. IX—NO. 9936.TURII DAYS Lim FROM EUROPE. I Anitirt If tke Ennpa at Halifax.Sailing of the Great Eastern for New-York.TIE SICUJAI IN6VBRECTI0II. TcrrlMe AtfcMtm ttf the lf«apo-TIE lOTAL CONFMEME AT BABfiN.niAHCUL ASS COHMEBaAL SEWS.FROM WASHINGTON. THE SBNATE IXf EZTBA SESSION.from the eaillest times bad been In accordance witsClothed with their anddignity auttoriiy,PRICE TWO CENTS. fitted frito aTheJuriychaalOlpasieagws.$hereportspaned Maryla^is,Bonds MaasachnsettsSs, BondsiM tka 2Mh but a steamer su;p<ned to fee the Arabia, Mississippi Union Bank Bonds aadOStka3i8thist,theahipRabma. Ohiosixes,1876Pennsylvania fivesThe cteamship EdirUmrgh, Srom New-York on the Pennsylvania 5s, Bonds3d,arrlTedatLiverpooloatheiSthisst. SouthCarolmafives Tennessee sixes, BondsThe itaamihlp Persia, from New-Tork on the eth, Tirginia sixes, 1866 anived at Queenstowa on the 15th, and at Liverpool Virginia fives, 1888confusion his amongtroops,them off in goodto reopen the Bay Express route.•B the Itth Ifist.The iteamahlp Grttt EaiUm -was poaitivel; an^ Illisols Central sevensxraBced to aail from Soxitham^n for Mew-York oa Iliiaols Central sixesand to make the matter, if possible, still plainer, the Secretary has informed the CommitteeFrancisco within two days to famish Hates' volunteers.Commissioners will be raided by means of annuities, terminable In twenty-five years, and that the works will be forthwith commenced.G. P. R. J|i<i^>t]ie novelist. Is dead.Jobs Foein & CoT^'^vate bankers at Belston, hadsuspended. Theirliabilitiesweremoderate.Pabut, Isstformally consummated on the 14th Inst. The event was celebrated in Paris by a grand military review and Te Seum.M. TBomsu was decorated with the grand cordon •f the Legion of Honor on the occasion.The monthly return of the Bank of France shows an increase In cash of over nineteen mUliou francs.Th* health of the Prince Jirohe had again become serious, causing much uneasiness among his relatives and friends.The Paris Bourse was fiat at 68. f. SOc. for the rentes.SAIIDINIA.The Saidiiiian Ministry had introduced aproject fora new loan of 130,000, OOOf.judg- incurring such heavy risks for so poor a compensa- former there is not much prospect of its ratification. hostile to the Administration, presented themselves, ment to resort to Impeachment their course would froyed,Harahal Tauu2it, m TlOTOB Ebiiihii.route for France, was visitingcases than in any previous year, and no persons liv- ing in the city or its suburbs, excepting in Tijuca and Petropolis,havebeenfreefromdanger. TheSwed- ish Minister, Mr. Moasino, Sardinian Consul, Mr. Tbuqiti, and the English Naval Storekeeper have died of It during the season. The fever has also been raging at Pemambaco, and the last mall brought us the news of the death of Mr. W, W. Siapp, United States Consul at that port, a victim to the prevailingepidemic.Accounts from Montevideo state that the BritishGovernment had hired the island of Goletta, near Maldonado, at a yearly rental of £500, from the Ura- guaylan Government, for the establishment of their Naval Depot, which is to be removed from this port on account of the sickness. It is to be hbped that the Secretary of the Navy will order that of the United States to be likewise shifted to a tmore salubrious atmosphere, and I understand that Commodore Sards has recommended the same to be done.The Emperor opened the Chambers in person aboutappearing no opposition to it among the members.EXTRA SESSION OF THE SENATE. WAsmaoos, Tuesday, June 26. The Senate was called to order at noon to-day..Vfter Prayer by the Chaplain, the President's proc-lamation, convening an extraordinary session was read.Mr. Hau, of New-IIampshire, (Rep.,) offered a res- olution, to which Mr. Masoh objected, fixing the dallya Committee of three was to wait on appointedand of WASBIsaTOS, June 22, 1860.AUSTRIA.The Austrian Cabinet had unanimously resolved toreeatahlish the Ministry of Commerce and Public Woiks,RUSSIA.The new Russian loan of eight millions sterling, at"The Lion's Mouth at Venice, Into which secret de-nunciations were dropped, is an apt iliusfration of Effect of the Grand Ball—More TIslts to breaklBg an arm and damaging his :aw. Habuz4}$ per cent, was expected to be Introduced in don by the Baaisos,Lon-the Covode Committee. The Star Chamber, tyran- nical and odious as it was, never proceeded In such a manner. For centuries there has been nothing like It in any civilized country, except the revolutionary tribunal of France in the days of Robespurbz.Che Stores—Bzearslons T*>day—The A]*- preacbing Departnre.diew a dfrk-knife and dangerously stabbed CSocr LoDOESBT. when he was finally arrested.ShaaUng ACray at Lexlagtaa. LszisaTOB, Ky., Tuesday, June ££.In a fracas at the Potert at yesterday Hense,Ilanodaburgh, a young man, named Milub, was shotLATEST VIA QUEENSTOWN. Faais, Saturday, 3:25 P. M.The Bourse opened flat to-day, but a slight im- improvement subsequently took place. The Rentes closed at 68f. 4Sc., which is lower than yesterday.LoHDSir, Sunday, June 17, I860. Admiral Mcxsr writes to the Secretary of the Ad- miralty from Palermo on June 3d, that the scenes enacted here are most horrible. A whole district) 1,000 yards in length by 100 wide has been laid in ashes. Families have been burned alive with the buildings in which they lived. The atrocltieg of theSoyal troops have been frightful.In other parts convents, churches and isolatededifices have been crushed by shells, 1,100 of which were thrown into the city from the citadel, and about 200 from the shins, besides grape, caunister and round shot.The Emperor Naroixos had an interview with thethe proceedings of the CommitteePrince of Prussia at Baden on the IJthresult of it has not, SAIUX9 OF THE eSZAT EASTERN.but thethe peeringstores couldin at the doors and win-resolutionwas ntm. that Horam'state- passed con.,ments are entitled to no confidence whatever.lowing authorized quotation:ralrMoblle FalrUpUnds:I'nlie'', States steamship iN'arrogaosett, CommanderFair Orleans... 7 ll-16d.6'd whichMarkets by Telegraph.The stock ta l,137,oijowereAmerican.dragged into the dust. The House oJ Representat: vesprices'rf ;^^?r*i, ,?" ?P,'"=C«bs at qoiat.,Flocb at buoyant,$S 62K«$iPHn,APnJBiA, Taasday, JaneSe.yet transpired,anyofthepost-offices ofnoted by thecrowdsThe steamslii;. Great Eastern sailed from SouthamptoD, foi Ne«-Yoik.FloanclBl and UTXRrOOL COTTOSto de- liver letters to the persons to whose care they arecised a of by pluralityby asingleose.portThe President's Second Protest Messageahnost neces- to the harbor, the Deaf and Dumb; sales,to-day,400balsa,atUKe<Lomoa, Sunday, June 17.sensationby tiding2«.Comiwrclal News. MARKEldespotismfoughtfor,butafternoonthechiefcalled at the residence of the wifeThe sales of Cotio.n in thethe week were 50,000 bales, of «h;chTwo "akjUl?^ to ipeculatois, and 8.000 to exporlers/Prkel w^f^ very Irregular, and a decline of (.d.evrti,^ .,,.''; place on aU quaUUes. The sales on FiidS were 7,000 Liiles, ol which 1,400 bales were on andforexport. ThemarketclosedMr. Maboh, of Vfrginla, (Dem.,) offered a resolutionby invitation,Commodore Pbbbt,thefr honor at the residence of Aootsi Fifth avenue..MiddlingHcKi,from Noiiolk. AU well on board. She is now coal- session. Adjourned. ing, and leave? to-monow for St. Catherines and thebeing a coC>rdInate, it will be a suborllnate branch leg to order to try it.of the Government The P.^esldentlal office will be Various parties will, to-day, visit the f>it-i1ca'lonswas 1,535,000 bales ofi'acif.c. The from around Vowliatan is daily expectedC.ipeHornoniicrwaytotheUnitedStales. TheAsvlum- and an A large gang of workmen was engaged yesterdaybut closed with rather a steadier UVZJRi-OOI. BEIAIWIVJrS MABKXT.mountain of quently be delajed ut .Muntc. IJeo, so that she may placed my accuser, for the purpose of investigating private conversations of the other—and this upon ex cipalempty.SlJf/V^l'i^i^S.?"-''^?C0-.1 report*'.prior*5k5h. i- /^l*"'^". at Ride sir.ceJaneirowhether the President hadby money, patronage, orconiml-- censorship over theTheafre andi^ty'sSBABez unaltered.Inst,b^ "The concentrating these in the same hands dows. Two or three of the Nlphonese experiencedyesterday,the present Mizdstry hud resigned, and a new Cabinetand file steamer wUl leave at noon. Tele/iraptic dispaichasLiveroool m,r' .« ft,,looking to the dispatch of business, which was be so divided and balanced among severalgiven in inOrleans7!id. Middling Mobile .S'id' 7d. |.MiddUnx Uplands. .57id'dull,en leg for Dr. KAWASEi,.of such mechanical construc- Tmori., A. arrived on the 27th inst, 52 days utive bi^siness. Several hours were spent In secret reus will be broken down. Instead of the Executive tion that the Doctor may feel tempted to cut olf hisepecuUtmnissue. Thetofore.The Senate proceeded to the consideration of Exec-afr for the chief Embassador, and a wood, large gunuESEiniouely Coigresf.nominated Hon. V. B. HcxicB for .at the follianideas uponthevariousquestionsjatfeeling.and ti.e Congresswill conse-the creation of a committee, at the head of which wasand to censure all the official acts ror/etesUmony before a secret inquisitorialrs.f5c.®75c. TcBACCo closed firm. FsaieBZ and Kx-tha^t^the 's.a iM.v.Z^,J^ V^"'tour of iLspection. Mr. V.charge, acted .is chapei^ce on the uJeision and has any State or Territory." I protested against this be- sert and maintain his owti Independence, future. Co- InfLOOK quiet 60.Wheat ad-37'*»1$1 tj-i®befirm, with a slight improvement on the lower quail- tits. J^ci firin, wlih a large speculative inquiry for|tol0tk NEW-YORK, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 27, IStJO.®te^all qualities slightly advanceddtnandsoljustice. Atthecommencementofeachvelvetandmounted wi-Ji silvershields, oasiUcksales ii Carolina at 22s., ex quay. Philadupbii Bask, sales at 8s. ed.eS lid. Fish Oils slow of sale, but ^c«s unaltered. Li.NSXsn On. active at 293, 6d. Rs- SI5 cuJI at 4s. 5d.ai4s Od. Snans Tcamnnxcargoes afloati;savage.Wlihtheconcent of the Senate be appointsItcspuQslbIcdull at 34;.® 33s. 9d, doting with sellers at the latter, Probable Attempt to leanscitatt the Mexican flie piecife sattue of the offence wblca he had to the several Slates, and not In any degree to its KaiseHAuorwcn 4 Cj. ^^^.'imetlcanTan15i.Od. TiAunchanged. LOlTOOir VAXKETS.meet. AnImpartialandelevatedStandingCommit- ofRepcessBtetiTes.daysonly.WssiT advanced 2s.; sa'es of White American at 56e.9«0e., aid Red at Ma.SMi.: Yellow 308.332:. Jbw—RaU and Bar both dull at £b 7s. 6d. a£5 10«.; Pis Iron dull at 63s. Scsu steady. Tii quiet, prices easier but quotations uncharged sales, commonblm as the Re; reientative of tie X-r^ercziriei- pie for their benefit to the House, to be exercieel tm- opinion against tne accused. Until the present c'er tbeix overshadow ng influence and coa^rul?NEWS BY TELEGRAPH. The Callfarala OrerlaaOTEB A lULLIOK ASD A-BAJ.V OK TBI ITAT TOBK—riOHI WITH THE CTDIIES.;Coagen »t Is. 4d.®l6. Htd. Spians Tnapsimsi dullSpecial SispatchWasbih&tob, Tuesday, Jane 26.The cbargts made against mc. In vague and gen-hiai T Shall he " aloae cotat 3Ss., Rough declined to 7s, 9d. Rici firm, with an active demand. Coftss firm at an advance of 6d.@ls.eral were of such a false and atrocious itnoe,agalbs".LrrsBin dxi firmhas arrived here, asd biisgaOns quiet:OF TSE LIBEBALS.i?e3;yalia on the SauLuiseed Oil firm at iSa. Od.; Fish sales of Sperm at 92s., Cod at 40s.;lonhos xohit mabelet.The London Money market was slightly easier.practice of my lifesible he can impos-nightInsttreaty until to-monow, when it will finally be disposed of. cx-dividtnc). The Bullion In tue Batik of England There is believed to be some cbance of its ratifica- had increased i;231,aOO. Bar Silver 9s. ld.33s. 13lj;d. tion, Seiior Mata Is here the result HeConsols closed on Friday at 933^2)93?. for account,tions. In this couvicUon, I am informed, I have not rule might be applied for the very same rea-IIThe steamer GoldenDollars Ss. 2d.« 9s. 2<id. Eagles 763. 3d. BATBI IfAKKST.phatically declared that it was made for no reason sUtatlon Is this terrible secret InquisitorialThe legulars and volunteers under Col. Hivis "*ConoNthe sales of the week added up 4,S0O bales;patches, received to-day, indicate thepersonal to myself;Cspt Siswabi were attacked on the afternoon;triumphof theof QieNew Orleans trts ordinaire, Si(.; ditto tias,S6{. The Liberals, and the establiahment of religious toleration market closed with a declining tendency, and thequotations were barely maintained. Tbe stock in in Mexico, without the aid of a treaty made under aport was 267,000 bales. piesstiie of circumstances, and in which every- AMBRICAN 8ECUSITIS8.Huvix, Tunday, Jtiae 26.TbeBoysl Mail steamship Buroftt, Capt. LaircB. Baiuo BaoTHSBS report the market senerally un- thing was yielded to the United States. Senor Maia'3tnm Lfveipool oa the 19th !sst. vid Qaeacnstown on th* ITth Init, !ia« anived attars port.Tke Eunfa arrired hare at 63i o'clock this even- las, and faUed again at 10 o'clock for Bostoo, where •k« will be dne at as early hour ob Taaraday moniing.changed, except an increased demand (or United dispatches give details of the terrible battle at Gua-Sixes dull atBzu. * Son repoit an improved demand, but prices men, including two generals and three colonels'States Stocks. Sales of Fives at 95on a recent have" attemoted to de- occasion,generally Biichsuged. United States 6s, Bcmds, 1668 United States 5s..Kentucki <4 I858'»98 «100 94Ha 95 90 « 93 9l>}i@96^102 '3103which they were have appointed,tie relations of bidders for con- partytwenty bodies totetred with militaryA company of 23 men is to start from CassonErie Railroad sevens, 2d Mortgage. Erie RaUroad sevens, ad Mortaage Erie Railroad sevens. Convertibles Brie Railroad Stocksnnama Railroad Bonds, 1665Panama Railroad Bonds, 1B73,Penntylvania Central sixes, 1st Mortgage.91 ® 93LATESTMARKETS.Livnpooi, Sunday, June 17.COTTOS— Sales yesterday 7,000 bales, including salesveryPbovisiosb dull and unchanged.LosDos, Saturday, June 16—P. M.Consols closed at 961iS93.'> for money and account ex dividend.VILITABT AED SATAL ISTELLIOEJtCE.and The market closed speculators exporters.new boat apparatus to be placed on the Lacotah, now fitting out for the East Indies.Gen. Cass, of leaves Secretary State,steamerTbe Pany Express. Washeiotos, Tuesday, June 26?todull, and prices weak. BasAsgrcns steady.The re\on biougixt b; the Overland Hall from Callfoniia, to regard to the Pony Express beinc dls-.^^^^FROm RIO JANEIRO.The treaties with Honduras and were Nicaraguaslnc^ the fall could endure. It wouid be to subjectblm to a reign of terror from which the stoutest and pur- est heart might shrink. I have nassed triumphantly through this ordeal. My vindication is complete. The Committee have reported no resolution lookingregularly hereafter, as the Indian difficulHee haveHeary FatUnre—Baalnesa Prospects—Ravages ofthe Fever—DoIngB of the CoTemmeBt— General Intelligence.Fiem Onr Own Oorrespoadeat.Rio ns JA5XIX0, Wednesday, May 30, 16CU.Washisoior, Tuesday, June 2G.The business of the Senate to-day, in Executivesession, was exclusively confined to the considerationof treaties, and resulted in the ratification of the Ex-no resolution of cen- not even a lesolutisn pointing out any abuses In any of the Executive Departments of the Govern- ment to be corrected by legislation. This is theI avail myself of the opportune arrivaloftheir injuries.;dalajara, In which the Liberals lost five hundred killed, and three colonels wounded. Gen. Ubaoa'House,upon this subject. What 1 now charge Is, that they grade the President by adopting the reso.ntion ofpected soon.The battle ground where Maior14 O 16 then preparing to commence an attack. As the tele- 97 ®9S84 @ 86 gram from New-Orleans yesterday reports Mibabo:?8S <8 87 to be at Qneretaro he must have been and 86 988 defeated,80 e> 83 retreated to that place. President Jcabxz had re.83 9 85 ceived notice of the defeat of the treaty> 82 & 84• 93 but makes no comment upon it in his offi-/cb 40 81 <a 82 77 & 79Michigan Central eights, 1869MichiganCentralSharesNew-York Central sixesNew-York Central':sevensNew-York Central SnaresErie RaUroad sevens, 1st Mortgage 90 a 92 tion of the CabinetThe resolution of the House, so te as It Is accusa- for this vote of censure was the simple fact that. In Francisco for the sametory ei the Piesldant, Is eenlinBd to an Inquiry disposing of the numerous letters of 'every imagina-whether he had used cemiiM or ianroper maaas to b.e character which I daiiy receive, I had. In the proqiect of ralstog the nqulnd aaoaat inftienee the action of Congress, or say of U* Com- usual couise of business, referred a letter from Col. to hopes of bringing in by this meius the two er mlticef , on legislailve measures pending before them. Pattbbson, of Philadelpbla, in relation to a con- presses now due, and to aid and to forward th« oDt> Nothing more, nothing less. I hare not learned fract, to the attention of^ the Secretary of the Navy, ward be uud express of the 2Sth, which It new ap- through the lewspapeis, or in sny ofber mode, that the bead of the appropriate department, witho'Jt ex- pears has been detalhed. $1,800 was raised at Saa the Committee have touched the otherbranch of the resotatton, charging the President witha violation of duty in failiog to exacote some lav orlans. This branch of the resolution is, therefore, oat that *' the President did not in any manner interfereof the quesaon. By wliat aotlionty, then, have the in this case, nor has he m any other ease of contractCcAimlttee undertaken to Investigate the course of since 1 have been in the Departmmt." The absence ofthe President in regard to tite convention wnicta all proof to sustain this a; tempt to degrade the Presi-framed the Leoomfton CaastUationT By what dent, whilst it manifests the venom of the shaft aimedauthority have they undertaken to pry into our at him, has destroyed the vigor of the bow.foreign relations for the purpose of assailing "To return, after this digression. Should the House, The Santa Fe mail from Pawnee Fork urrred him on account of the instructions given by the by the institution of Covode Committees, votes of to-day. The soldiers to pursuit of tbe Inditns £rsm Secretary of State to our Minister In Mexico relative censure, and other devices to harass the Presideat, that post have not and there Is noSllnos Central Sevens, 1860 (Freeland).or whatever on the Intimating any opinionLhsols Central RailroadSeiior Matasubjectsupplies,,91 dis.41accusatory.pressing86>sa 79Si 45 950 83 ® 85 91 a 93 73 « 74Tbe ship riiwi^ has arrived, fortyJSue days from Hong Kong.three weeks since. His speech was a very pacific ber of persons employed as carriers, and thefr respec-one, with the exception of some allusions to Uraguay,which counfry he Intends to hold to account for somedepredations committed upon Brazilian estanceirosliving In I'raguaytan limits on the Rio Grande fion-tier. As yet the proceedings of the Senate and Houseof Deputies are of little or no Interest, nothing having whether any, and if so, what extra charge is made atbeen accomplished save the formation of the different Committees, the roerakers of which are all electedtheagamst enterprising ambition of thisward voyage.their shoppingas during every day presence in some ofthe Bank HoFxniB, a discharged officer, were tovestlgated.The Miaist.-r of Finance, Sen- ator Febex-.:, has sent in his relatorio, in which he is very severe upon the banks and the privilege of issue extended to them, but as yetno debate has takenplace upon it.It was currently reported a day or two since thatthat it be also ascer- tained and reported whether the practice exists atseparately, by ballot.:neglecting formed under the direction of the Viscount se Itababt directed, and if it does, the cause of such practice.hands,of the whole ar- as if fearful of a design to play some trick12s. 9d. Coaa firm wlihi" g;,SdVe'm^. -Tne mi?- been Slice deco.-alcd the/e.'or as a " Cai^iiVTof the cause was destitute of -.thliu into submission wLiihhas been brought to greater perfection in the bushelsat 69c.®70c PaonsiosrsYeUow, gi^nSSj'^'•"-prove* '^"i Dpress paid a vi,it tu t;.e ga. works, and made a.other means, sought to influence the action improperto assume a generalThe Idea is as absurd|in public- as it would befor theirregular perform-''*>^the Emperorandtee ;short,u. In the GLiir, the engineerpassaceanythe rigotsofin private li<e. Should thevanced;Red,Tieaqr.INTERESTINa MEXICAN ADVICES.tee was charged with this investigation, upon which no member Inspired with the ancient sense of honorShall he surrender tliese high powers cssferidiThe Senate will not takeand I did not believe it oosslble that the man existed who would so basely perjure himself ae to swear to the truth of any such accusa-maHe any defence, and then, wlttiout af- fording him an opportuiuty of being heaid, pr;iio jnce a ji;dgment at censure against blm ? The very sa-nehour of at 10 meetingwas estensively courted yesterday Now, 1 undeitake to state, and to prove, that should among the Japanese visitors -at the Metropolitan.to the Meir-Tofk Times.oceSslon it was never deemed proper to transform the accuser Into the jucge, and to confer upon him ttie selection of his own committee.Shall he alone of all the citizens cf the United E-ite:be ("enied a fafr trial ? Shall he alone " not bo In-foimed of the nature and cause of the accui-iiioiL''ate, proceed to try the Presiclent throagh -.heof a secret Committee of the body wheie it isTO SBW-apawaitingnow seems to be indifferent thereto, since his dis-;hearingthat MixABOtf wasapproaching, and fearingconsideringtracts, end the effect of awarding contracts upon pending elections, has set au example dangerous to the public safety, and deserving the reproof of thisitoaors.dreworder, and took a position for defence. MuAxoa wasTaHej $1,500 had been subsciibed at Sacramento towards fitting out tke coB-cialIn the United States, until September, when he re- turns home. As the Court has pronounced the cap- tured steamers not legal prizes, the question of dam- ages will he immediately presented for the considera-letter.expects toremain;thel«thlast.THE SICILIAN msVERECTIOK.There is nothing Important fiam SicUy.GuuMisi was actively engaged in organizing his leaerre forces, and it was expected that be would not ake any new movements for some days,LAISST.A telegram from Palermo, dated the Uih Inst., saysthat the embarkation of the royal troops continues, awl that the town is still barricaded.The statement that the Neapolitan Squadron had seized two ships conveying volunteers and arms to Sicily, still lack* confirmation.The Neapolitan Envoy to Paris returned to Na- flce withou vluting London, under the conviction that hia mlasion would be useless.THE ROYAL CONFERENCE AT BADEN. The Royal Conference to be held at Baden had at* tnetad eonsiderable attention. The Prince Regentand the Em- perorNaieuoBonthefollowingday. Itwasreport- ed that the Kings of Saxony, Hanover, Bavaria and Wurtemberg, and other German princes, would join Jd the Conference, Various \\ere the speculations a« to the cause and eSect of the meeting, but nothingauthentic was known concerning it.GREATBRITAIN.The English Parliamentary proceedings are unim' rapid passage from San Francisco to this port, in- other ptuposes. There was no marked contest as to effect upon the public nuud, while the antidote was There was still another Committee raised by the pi quite high. _fortant. cluding her stoppages, bringing dates from thatport up any of the freaties, which were ratified by nearly a carelully withheld. House on the 6th March last on motion 01 Mr. HoAas, The Fire at IjeaToawartk. In thefr examinations the Committee violated the to which I had not the slightest objection. The reso-Ixplanations were given in both Houses of tlM to the 5th of April, and will no doubt accomplish the unanimous vote. most sacred and honorable confidences exlstlnB lution creating It was confined to specific charges, LzAVDnroBiB, E. T., Toaaday, Jaae 36, umbiiwii"!rr» bcoIamu,..vujirdMuoryofthenAva*nmhOBMInabouttwentydays.Theprincipaleswst MuchinterestisexpressedrelsdveJo-iho-ireaiy-.wiinminii--Pai«»»teeoncefondeBfie,whichafrnlywhichIhaveeversincebeenreadyaiulwillingts Thefollowingarctheprincipallossesbytkeo'clock.On motion of Mr.BiOLEB, of Pennsylvania, (Dem.,)Morpheusthe President to Inform him that the Senate had assem-sanctioned byThe zest with which the eatfre Embassy, from thebled and was to receive readybe may be to make. pleasedthe balance of the Constitution will betbe body by the clerk of the hotel, named were fired by other psrtles, but without eSectCharge of Rape.'Mr. Hals offered amaster-General be dfrected to arcertain and re-port to the Senate at an next early dayordinate and branches of the Govern- independentment—legislative, executive and judicial. The worst fears of the patriots and statesmen who framed the Constitution, in regard to the usurpations ol theAmbassador, however, found time in the morning to visit [the Brooklyn Glass Works in company with two or three of his suite, under the guidance of Mr. Wu, Lblasd. The prince viewed with great interest the various operations of glass melting, blow- ing and moulding, and gratefully accepted• were delivered by carriers for the yearIn thelanguageJune, inst, the number of letters delivered, the num-of the Federalist :Baglstracy Is carefully liiuitcd both in the extent and his presence. Another party, including Tob- ago. Gowab denies the charge as a conspfracy.amount of rent thusgate collected,on the anangements JVta^ara.The baggage is nowthus collected for a box singleA;duratioDofitspower, and where the legislative poweris exercised by an assembly which is inspired by a sap-Influence over the with an con- ScsEd its own people, is intrepidandletters to bo.x-hoiders, prior in point of time, to the distribution and delivery of letters to non-boxholdeisito usurp the rights of the weakerand whether the practice exists ofand notOne hundred and seventy- three despots wouid surelytheCoTOdeCommittee. To the House of Representatives :willthenhavetenderedtheExecutivemarket closed quiet ®ll%ic. forMlddlfrig; salesofMO' 'againstJbe advices from Manchester are unfavorable- posed to be o.Cirtd leave In a few In my Message to the House of Representatives, State can be coordinate and independent of each oth- inthree days,STATB OF TBAPI IS KASCHZStZB.ine maike; for both goods and jrams « as duU at lowvigs Bainiridge and Dolpkm ate accoiiats ;!.c steamer Pulaski was notsarily subservient to its wishesinstead of being Inde-todiat-rubber factory.Jlag-sf^ip c\ng. tis,still Mice river I.a r;atte. The Bainbridge Is sup- " home, and wUl.distributingdeliveringMr. YcLZE, of Florida, (Dem,,} objecting, the reso- lution, lies over.upon them.During yesterdayMr. Siossa's Agency, No. 1adopted, reappointing the late Standing Committees also that aU business of an executive character be re-checked and controlledbecome a precedent botli the letter and the spirit of theConstitutionwiUbeviolated. Oneofthethree massive columns on which the whole superstructurerangreeslonal Nomtaattaa. Laxcastbb, Ohio, Tuesday, Jt:ne 21.of the £6th March last, I solemnly protested againstto re- and aU theclearing awayof Congress, or any committee thereof, for or agaiostances in the tvcijiig.view of the fact that the article of glass ware,superfine ^5law tu of appertainingPresident attempt to as-; sales 2,»00busheU"Concert-room were restoredany communicationentirely up-throughresolution that the Post-session, the number and names of the post-offices where letterson executive and thealso, the number and names ofive compensationsall post-ofRces where box-rent is collected, theand charged at each of said offices respectivelyJune at.Upper Canada was held yesterday, at which Oaboxthe post-offices for depositing Ui the same box letters for more than one person, and the maximum rateall and all will be ready promptly on nearly stored,ending30thaggre- the rate perMT, visited the Brooklyn Navy-yard to view theTbe Bask af Upper Oaaada. ToEbsie, Tuesday,; also,;limits withe ut by the others."in other ?because 11 vodeany specification,ketopenedatadecUneofIs.,but"^"iquiSuf«1 OKieroftheRose." WhileIheret;.e EmMmrind referredtonoparticularacttoenatilethePresident bycoilectingthehostsofdisappointedoffice-hunters, UnitedStatesthaninanyothercountryIntheworld, closedwithanadvancedtendency. Wmsirnrm,siCommittees may dragooncovered. Sales of uased a! Jis. w.- Vitir.ow« aiTt 31« ai Empress wei.^hed upon the balancescale-"e to pref are for nis defence, because it deprived him of removed officers, and those who desire to lire upou is almost uBknown m Japan, and thatthe JapsLese 2,5«ce22e.33s. 6d., and ^Vhlte at :<ls.LITIBPOOl PKOVIsiOXS MAEKET.JM.i»v, ereibnner weighs h'o pur.iids KDd the latter :iothe oonstitutlonal guards which, in common withcitizen of the United States, he possesses for his and because it assailed his constitutionalas a coirdinate branch of the Govern- There is an enlightened justice, as well as a beauti-the public trpasury, which must follow to the wake ofevery and in secret conclave will Admiidstration, theysw ear away his lej utatlon,I nder suchman should lie not surrender at discretion, and sent to exercise his authority according to the will of^.„.„^,,,Meurs. WiKxrau., Mases & Co., Bkklaot AthII * Co., and others, Bxxp reporthave removed from Petropolis, and are now, he must be a very boldaitd Broomehavesenices of cut table'H=;g^;„ k^^- att5 50a$5 J;f*»i ;? *?toe^ ,12?"heaw, withlUtUe Inquiry, and prices weak. PoEi steady. BicoMiUfji. dy. Lianfiim at 67s.®5;'s. Tallow firm sale, o"'fingmentthepublic, flrsF tenor fulcon-threeFaB.'.-.HTS-Cotton Uftx-NorthAmericanatt38,a54s.trVIRPOOI. PROCrCI MABEn.Inthework!, liereceivei; hisengagementofthreeyear;. Twelvehe sang a*, the Astor-place undersymmetry, conspicuouslypaitmanifested in regard to impeach-power.people of the several States have elected hlin to tneThe Brokers' andMaret-soJe power of Impeachment ;" the Senate«1 40. Cobs duU;white.:report Pot As:iesin the of the Erazilian opinioi;in every of the Constitution. This those invested with this terilfic Thesoverelgn19'ic,®19«c.DAiTMorz, T'tesday,J'-ina 36.pounds. The impress weighed very near asi„ucKasshow Interest In this branchofourmanu&c- greattuies, MesErs. E. V, Ha^ohwoih & Co., comer ofCOITOK-Sales, to-day, arenomtoal. Sooa. firm at^.„y,^a^ 3P0 ^ ^f^' ^'°^^Minister of Jv.stjce and Marine the combined. The Coti' teveiysjjourn- Crlstov. The opera with Mme. Mi;0B! and Mieate is In full blast. Miaiia iscircumstancesBroadwaygreat expense,glass as presents to the Japanese Ambassadors. Each P°°^ '*''- service conslBts of goblets, champagne and wineat the Palace of SaaSrotecton, idependencestreets, magnificentpresented,55 for superfine.35,0()0 per annum during years sinceHoward-streetOperahouse,considerable less sum, and was notis"world. He Government tbf ir Constitution have made him command-fOJJ r.3, $1fi..vSWte.;y^cw.eoc.« "lis own dignity, tke ol the and toe rights accused,|he cy^n- pies a proud position before all nations, cl^^zed andhighly-polished rosewood ease, lined_j"^withjudicial tuvestlsatlon which might lead to an Im- all the important officers of the Govemaent He ex are engraved the names 01 the Ambassadors, with fbewords. Pi csented by E. V. HxreHWom * Co_ Sieac8b(mxuesneta had an opportunity of cross examining leglilatjoB oi CoBgress. For the perf«rms3::e of York. They will be exhibited to the publisin tmspecific charges weie preferred, ercisfs the alwajs]New-the wltnestes, and be was placed in full possession of these duties he is high:to the of | Store windows of E, V. ^87 ® 8976 & 76H[45 a 4818 •S 19 was before the Cabinet to-day. Dr. Wb. H. Mobbow, they iLquif ed into the causes of removal from office, him their creatuie, then tne well-balanced Govern-100 '3102 98 0100and this from the parties themselves removed, with a ment which our fathers framed will be annihilated. time,but little danger Is apprehended to Otenews from them. No Indians have been seen for sobsandtroops at Fort to relieve Dr. Muoheii In power of lemoval belongs to thePresi- nest by the House against the Executive. A bad here since the 7th Inst Business is Chadbourne, exclusivelyThe appointment of theof Texas, has been engaged as Medical Officer to the view to pieiudlce his character, notwithstanding this This conflict has already been commenced in ear- travel to New-Mexico. No through m«il hss arrivedr^fied to-day.Q-Quarter-MasterGeneralto the Tehuantepec route !By what authority have reduce him to to their wUl, and render subserviencydent under the Conslltuuon. was so decided by the piecedent rarely. If ever, dies. It will, I fear, befirst Congress In the year 1789, and has accordingly ever since b< en exercised ? Tnere is in the resolu- tion no pretext of authoilty for the Committee to In- vestigate the question of the printing ol the Post-oflice blanks ; nor Is it to be supposed that the House, If asked, would have granted such an authority, be- cause this question had been previously committed to0!her in the House. Not^-iihstandlng this absolute want of power, the Committee rushed luto this inves- tisation m advance of all other subjects.UfTfle Committee proceeded for months, from 22d of March, 1S6U, to examine ex parte, and without any notice to myself, into every subject which could pos- sibly affect my character. Interested and vindictive witnesses were summoned and examined before them;tradition treaty with Switzerland, and those of com-merce and friendship with Hon- it as could injuriously affect myself, in tiie New-York ple of the States will, however, I trust, save my suc- here this momlng. The total number lost by the ac-Bolivia, Venezuela, journals. It mattered not that those statements were, ressots, whoever they may be, from any such ordeal. cident Is about twenty, tocluding three who died ofhisdutiesasacting assistant surgeonatthatstation. The Secretary of the Navy has ordered DAvinsoN'Bweather warm and dry. mto-morow, on a visit to Detroit, to be absent several weeks.weekly from each end of the route, and wlU arrive ** "__^__Sispatch to the Associated Press,beenthe Government suppressed by troops.W. H. RUStlELL, PresSdaatThe lU-fated Stetuner Bea I.ewlB.St. Lotns, Tuesday, June 28.bethe House, and become a precedent for future times,veto power, and:othat extent r mi'ola t^e1IVii Vlxalla. t Age sailed to-day for Fana- been mistaken. son to every Judge of every Co'irt of the ma,wiih400 passengers and $1,690,000 IntresgnrfcIId my former protest, therefore, I truly and em. United States. From what part of the Con- of which 11,130,000 Is for New- York.and justice would have had he ever an served,uponbe cou'ros.ej against him? SSaU the House TBE HIXtCAN TBEAIT AND SXNOR IIATA TJglUVrH acter that I did not entertain a moment's apprenen- of Repiesentatives usurping the bowers of the Sen-—the Mexicancnar-Blon for the result They were abhorrent to every principle Instilled into me from my youth, and everywith the witnesses"The Overiand HaQthe misstog package of telegraph news seat vti Ttsexpressedbutbecametheproceedingsof powerderived?1*0suchexpresspowerexists.Fromthe House « ere in violaaon of the rights of the co- which of the enumerated powers C2n it be inferred ?orctnate executive branch of the Government sub- It is frue, the House cannot pronounce the formal 2d tost, near Pyramid Lake. The Indians were de- versive of Its constitutiunal Independence, and, if Judgment against him of "removal fro n office,-" but feated, n ith a loss of 70 killed and several waoBdsd. unretlsted, would establish a precedent dangerous they can, by their judgment of censure, asperse hts Two volunteers were killed and three woondad. and embarrassing to all my successors. Notwllh- reputaUon, and thus, to the extent of thefr influence,standing all this, if the Committee had not trans- render the office contemptlDle. An example Is at Capt SioBBE was mortally woundei, Tsiee regulan cendeo the authority conferred upon It by the reso- hand of the reckless manner In which this power of were killed and one wounded.lution of 'be House of Representatives, broad and censure can be employed in high narty times. The The battle was not decisive, and another is ex-general as this stft>utd have remained silent wa8(IObbsst's paity pener, and, without any warrant whatever in the vtlth the -ecrelary ofthe Navy, "by receiving and wrasoeleated two weeks ago, has been visited, aadhave acted as though they possessed unlimited 5lr. JoHH Sbxbuan. declailug that he, in conjunctionKSoln^ua..4iderpmniearaiMiuse not merely at war with the consU-tn^xialltgntBof the Executive, but tending to de-grade the Presidential office itself to such a degreeas to render It umrorthr of the acceptance of any House."man of honor or piinclDle. It will scarcely be credited that the sole pretext pany and EubeciipUons are now belnf taken tm Stmpursued in the time of my successors, no matterwhat may be their political character. Should secretCommittees be appointed with ualitnited authorityto range over all the worfls and ac'Jons, and. If pos-sible, the very thoughts, of the President, with aview to discover something In his past life prejudi-cial to his character from parasites and informers, thistwo other Committees, one in the Senate, and the would be an ordeal which scarcely any mere man conttoued, Is untrue. We are now runnizig sasai-uiirasand Nicaragua. In that with Honduras is a so far as I have learned, disproved by the most re- Thej are frank, bold and honest. They detest rela-the transit privilege, to which, however, but little im- spectable witnesses who happened to be on the spot tors and informers. I, therefore, in the name and as Mr. McGishib thinks the boat listed at the c(»<a-steamship Champion, which has touched here to portance is attached.. The Nicaraguan treaty was "The telegtaph was silent respecting these contradic- the lepiesentatlve of this great people, and standing of Ohio and Riveis tocoal on her way to the United States from the Pacific,tosendyouthesefewlines. Shehasmadeaveryto all the which could testimonybypossibilityreflecttest these tmprecedented and tmconstitntianal againstftpnRCommendcd for the fortifications by the Defence in the place, which occurred a few days since. His pay for the Amistad negroes, an appropriation for beH conversations the reveiution of which would do should theCommission for the settlement of pending claims on thousht of atrulging, was dragged to _ -TMtleation upon constitutional principles. I harebnildlag, It was reported tliat the twelve millions sterling of a Seiior LxnE Di C.\3TSo, the largest flour dealer the part of both countries. It contains a clause to ent persons in of&Ja! and confidential relations with received 00 notice that tfels Committee have ever $1,000: no insurance. J. M. Dicxsos,—lossoabdia-fulure, which has long been needed, will be a lesson lieved that this can prevail, but its retention mav cations are with such pressedeagerness bytheir so imnrovebranch of the Administra-ectt^lisliment— gas- loss, $1,000; ao lasursaea,tion. The Constitution newspaper will to-morrow hoist or were invited by a summons to appear before the be plain. They would then transfer the questten The flour market is now, and has been for some the names of Bbicxi!ibu>sb and Lasi at tlie head of Committee. These are the most dangerous witness- from thefr legislative to thefr accusatory jurisdic-time past, extremely dull, and many cargoes are its columns, and publish an earnest article sustahiing es. Even with the best Intentions, they are so influ- tion, asdtakc care that in all the prellmmary judi-LexInKtaa aad 8t. I<ants RaIIrM9r^-^— LxsnaToa. Monday, Joae 2t..being reshipped trom here to the River La Plate- Coffee maintains its enormous high prices, and there-these nominations. The Presidentenced by prejudice and disappointment that they al-cial proceedings preparatory to tbe vote of articles ofA of the and St. Louisextraordinary violence in fact there have been more imously by both Post-office Committees, and there ;fraoiction.' Tbus, for months, while doing my best at one endof the avenue to perform my nigh and responsibleduies to the cotmfry, has there been a Committee ofthe House of Representatives in session at the otberend of the avenue spreading a drag-net, without toeshadow of authority trom tne House, over the wholeUnion, to catch any disappointed man willing tomalign my character—and all this in secret csnclave.harmony and the dignity of the Intercourse between the coordinate branches of the Government, and ren- der us all more respectable in the eyes of our ownTHE J.4PANESK IN NEW-YORK.survey will be takes between the two southern routes, wftha view of effecttog a conqiromiae between thex.Captare ot a Noted Tbtef.BoBTOs, Tuesday, June 96.JoHK Haklet, a noted thief, was discoveiad early this morning, robbtog a store in Cambrldgeport, and offertog resltrtance, received two pistol shots^field's Gulf Mail Line bill Steamshipthat the Interest publicrequiredof There were also gradtog.abmadwas deferred in- stead of lost, for want of lime to take action, for the bill is on the calendar of both Houses in a most fa-vorable position for at thepassage commencementof the next session, having been recommended unan-frsmwho were called here for the purpose of securing eon- tracts for building the entfre road. The mesilBs ad-myself, and with whcmItwassupposed1mighthave proceede:!toti-eInvestigation.$3.C00,fullyinsuredtoIllinois.J.L.Eassob,jossWhyVI hich purpose has been repeatedly pressed oa the me injury, were examined. Even members of the encroach on the otber departments of the Govern-Ing,onbui:dings,$^,000:ins'jie>! fur$SOO.House of Representadvei* desire toconsideration of Congress by the President as a mat- ^^eDale ana members of my own Cabinet both my ment? Their rightful powers are ample for every jew elry, $700fully Bisuret>. iiulldtog coiaar Mala aadliabilities exceed six hundred thousand doliars, and Iunderstand that the ccditcrs will lose quite fifty percent,inthesettlingupoftheestate.Itisonlyinaterofjusticeaswellasamovementtendingtopro-country like this that a man doing business without duce a more friendly feeling between the Uniteda partner can receive credityor merchandise alone for States and Spain. It is understood|that a motion has The distribution of the patronage of the Govern- into the manner ia whtch all departmenu ofso vast an amount and It is to be trusted that this been made to strike out this clause. It is not be- ment is bj far the most disagreeable duty of the Pre- the Government are conducted, with a vie* losa,$S,OW: insured ia the Metroi>olitan Camrmfto an impeachment against mesureitions. It was a secret committee In regard to the upon the ramparts of the ConsUtutioo, which they ence the Mississippiamended so that an American military force cannotbe used without the previous assent of the UnitedStates Congress for the protection of transit and on my character. The poison was left to produce its proceedings.testimony in my delence ';but it was pubuc in regardhave ordained and established," doiolemnly p.-o-constitutional weie called to are $6,000 advisers, upon testify, legitimatepurpose.They Ui£.impeachliigbody.:for the purpose of discovering something, if possible, In Their legislative capacity. It Is thefrjnost-wUA imd Delaware sfreets, owned by J. H. i-»»»i«w- inm to my discredit. wholesome prerogative to icslitute rigiu c»««einaflon» 93,000 r tnstn^ed for $),00(>. SsBBAJt A Hoeas*—sident. Applicants are so numerous, and their appli- to reformto promote economy, and New-York. HcIsttsi's Builamg.'occupied by aabuses,every;are so anxious to procure American consignments, which requires a twothfrds vote. In addition, the of one for any desfrable office gives offence to many. course of thefr examinations, that any grave offence bulldtog partly bisured. Some smaller loasM anto all were FlfK^n^bulldtogs dsa-"'- _fittingto all of our English commission houses here, who jeopardize, if not certainly defeat the ratification, friends both In and out of Congress, that the selection tion. Should they find reason to believe. In the R, E. Allzk<s stock mostly ssved follyiasciadFRANCE.The annexation of Savoy and Nice to France was taking them at the lowest possible commlssltms and Mexican and Indian treaties are pending. As to the Disappointed applicants, removed officers, and those ohfadthbeeen committed by the PreItsident, oIrn athneyirofficer also repoiied.,-who lor any cause, real or Imaginary, had become Government, rendering proper.meeting to-day nominated to the Senate own versions of private conversations with the Presi- ol cross-examining the witnesses, and all the other road CompanyBail- hereto-day. A large num- fore none is going forward to the United States, all Judge W, F. RcsBEii,, as Navy Agent of New-York, dent without the possibllit}' of contradiction. His safeguards with which the Constitution surrounds ber of gentlemen from SaUne, Pitts, Johnson sad this the vessels being about to return in ballast. Alto- in place of Gboeos N. Sasbzbb, removed. lips are scaled, and he is left at their mercy. He cveiy American citizen. County were present, with a view of locating Oa business in the Brazils Is at a stand-still, and It should have been stated yesterday that Butter- caijnot. as a coordinate branch of the Government, If, In a legislative Investigation, it should appear route, and to secure tke contract for the wetkgetheras the new coffee crop, which Is a very abundant one,is now about coming in, we may shortly look to arevolution in prices and consequently an activity Intrade.The fever has raged here this year with more thanmost inevitably discolor truth. They swear to thefrimpeachmentthe accused shouldenjoythebenefitprince down to the cooks, enjoyed the festivities ofset,andtherewillnolongerremainthethreeco- tbegrandball,necessitatedadayofrest.Thechief Bbowii.Mulzbwillprobablydie.SevernshotsW., Tuesday, Juae 26. Oowas, X. P. fcr Leeds, has t>een arrested for criminal TTTiiilt " In a repreasntative Republic, where the executive presents of various articles manufactured In on two girts, respectively ten and twelve yean oflegislativewill then be realized.judicial branches,TOBOtrro, The Hamiltonof Mr. Madi- SOH, speaking on this very subject, in.lbe 4Sth numberdencein strength; whlsh suffioltntly nu-merons to feel all the passions which actuate a multi-tude, yet notso numerous as to be incapable of pnrsumg Saturday for the Embassy to embark on thefr home- A meeting of the stockholders of the Bank ofthe objects of its passions by means which reason pre-it isThe subordinate officers continue excursions, and throughout yesterday,of thefr in the City, their stayBcrit-esdepartment that the people cnght to indulge all their jealousy and exhaust all their And in the expressive and pointed langupargeecaouftiMorn.s.J"xffsbson, when speaking of the tendency ot tne legislative branch of theGovtmmentbranchesis precisely the definition of despotic Government. It will be no alleviation that these powers will be exer-charges recently brought againstJ.by M.peneent. Mowin the;:Tbe Saillagof theBosiOB, Tuesday, J-iaebe as oppressive as one. Let those who doubt it turntheir eyes on the Bepublic of Venice. As Little will it rangement,avail us that they are chosen by ourselves. An electiverii Halifax, close at 10 A. -M., lo-morrow,asMlnisterof the Empire, and ToBBss HomisHa asMinister of Finance. I have ascertained that thereisnofoundatlon to the repoit, but that such will bethe case is almost a certainty as soon as the questionof majority Is tested in the Chambers. During thepast eighteen months there have existed ne less than ferred to them, with the like power as possessed here- Should the proceedings of the Covode Committee Among the presents received yesterday were a TJ;e He; -.iblicans of the Eleventh Distiict hare four different Cabinets, so cbangeable are the Brazi-*h8nottheGovernme:t weone which ehould not only be founded on free prin- ciples, but in which the powers of Government shouldforwarded through Broad-ssttiieeett. Ke>"(-Vork,upto season.bodies of ma- gistracy as thiit no one could transcend their IcKaland attended a matinee Bilmost,being efi'ectuallytliat twoer, if the one claims and exercises the ponerIs It possiblepowersthe dcl<r.s of (toe grand ball. Thebigbestand most honorable office in the Is their only direct representative In thements. The House of Representatives poaee sU"diamondor other high er-in-chief of thefr army and navy. He represents bowls, liqueurs, clarets and green hock glasses.ntsglasses, decanters, celery glasses,: WvtbBbBaAtT boulooynvanWit;:';„n..i s«Se*.|athe the solerice dishes, pol- saltceUais, ruby gilt finger»l 403*1 I"'m"oL",!*'..; "^wi,_6f.lsitleedDocumentin an omnibus, which they were, after some difficulty, persuaded to enter. Dur-Niagara.The mails per steamship Xiagara for LirerpooL-a newing thefr stay they seemed suspicious;principalbotll.f5 told the story of the prin- feature of Uic entertainment Both Niblo'sCbJto the condition teqiiirabiepeopleforaftwLexington was heldhesitate to apply the remedy.This I take to be the ancient and well-established for six weeks. WIthto that tfras athe removal of officer of the Government, no President has aver ex- isted who, after giving him a fair bearing, wouldappear befoie a Committee of Investigation to con-fraaict the oaths of such w itnesses. Every cowardknows that he can employ insulting language againstthe President with imptmlty, and every false or pre-judiced witness can attempt to swear away his char-acter before such a Committee without fear of con- practice. An adherence to It will best promote the journedcountrymennations.foreign JAMES BUCHANAN.Embassadors, of11o'clock,wiU be frianyat,Severalof thecrew, including Mr. UcGxinnsof the 5thFeabcisco, Tuesday, June 5—11 P. M., >ArriTal at the Saata Fe MalL IroxpiBBEicz, Mo., Tuesday, Jon* 26.atWisKT^ FlOPEstcadvsuperhne:returned,sneh aa exteat as to empty one boiler for possibly one !- ute. TheOhioRiverisverylow,aadttieM-lssiBip-C.Times states that H.purpose,withevsiffor Col.Mr. noInsurance. Sntoa&.Ssbmab—lamgentlemenNxw-OsLiABS, Tuesday, Jane,$$. Ths weather has been very wet and tbe OOIMH.at While, $1 «e$l 55. Cobs buoyant,sales 2,009doll, and the,f , duUat27«.9d.other forold.andzxi'3 a baton, forand the "freason, bribery,impeach- ByTne 060. I'EoviHoss buoyant P*aecircularsished lapidaryMAJOR," crimes or mi^demeaiion." The practice of tl^e House them iB tteir intercourse with foreign nation*. pattern of eacji set different,Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 1306928s. 6d. for new.-ilUI auU, »{ 30s, ii.'UdHi, SfMA rt«2dy, Co/ytj __power 10 tr3' all Impeachment.-^ able oifenccs are;''iheyP1431 «o well afpreciatc.', Yojrs" THEMess, $18 2*. Bacob, Uc-W ,?r,"'. Ajjc. l jjbt J-l-i a. ZOJic.truly,itsad each service isaiobwww.fultonhistory.com 