 .at i-n, aad Xddystone lighthouse af 7:4SrThenoon was relay with a whotesate N. N. W., and thenalightW.S.W.breeie. Theeveningwasremarka-bly fine. The ship had ran out of the leaden clouds other ships, rolled this one to a degree hardly notiee- from otber eanses, tiiere is so much iron work—much of water, otK, ete. Why, then, dr^ aaaa aaNMaw which still hung over the eastern horizon, into that abte to persons not looking for it. The pltehiag has of it double, tearing a stratum of air between—that spsis abont, against every head-wind T Why emy peculiarcleamessandfreshnessofatmospherewhich notbeenperceivedsincewestarted,except'by aconflagrationwooldberepeatedlycheekedwith- aUthteweightaadtop-hamperT IfflamaadaftatfbWtimrusim.Mr. Ifeaaia Soon Rmaxu.AsfarasIeonldreachdownwtthanoar, JMHIitfMirtrntiip,say7feet,(endIeouldseedown(betatthebow)a sort of moss, frcsn half aa inch to an inch hag, ad- hered quite firmly to the bottom, in most plaees ; a roogh slime coTsred other parts. The entirebottamM«UrgrtyTiThe kliiiili ilexperiment haswere teken in.But theccniideihbly, as follows:tsqsMVbowef Aaao Bernini IMO. Jpraceededatonco to row around the vessel, to-140 being the complementI am not sailor enough to see why theij'3»«»&b^'u4e««ntl Detail OwlfHklMO13 der coaitant supervtdon aad control. The gi»d sad tte Greet BrtMa, for instanoe, have ramMRHMKET OF'KRr EtKWES. *-u-^Total dlatanoe ih>m Maedles back aad forth by the actloi.of the little two-feet Highest ipeed by logpronooneedoutof order, aad tmnliahle with wind andaeaafteroa,andwerechanged. Seenoteeon' der Engine Renorts.Mmtkft li^iiM; ^lA^ *—chimneys, TEE DAY'S BUN.evenings,about our acre of door-yard, for such is the area of remembrance. TheAdrtatie left Cowea on Wednes-our play-ground. The sponson beams or guards day, and te on our track. Whote vineyards are ex-plaees resortW. well nigh hold all of us. Standing fifteen feet siitstde make better passage than the Great Baettm. Tbea«>l»r»—Ho—el— yeO."m-foottr—" Oh\ shake her op my joUy boys,ftlll'TT*great foretop-aaatariaUtf aftet her spaed. On the f*. It most be said that the vessel waspractical stage.Bat moat of the engineering has been of a mixedmoral aad immoral chaiscter—the Jbial settlementmendousbulkandfivebelehing only imagined.canbe andcontemplativewalk,theaefineSummer andVanderbiUaremerelyreferredtoInreqwetfol 6H/esters"Oh! Ilovehimandbelovaaaa,irtijpl'ftn ana geaaraUy amooth. g^pOiaaaeesaiMhas been142 miles fartherSsilars—Ho—ei—with andItai&e shortest conise fins Sonthampton to pramptlBg various Idlosynoraeies of demeanor, amongBaiTail. and Uiete have been various dsten-Ma#^lkick win be hereafter noticed, such asnm-which the following row was peculiarly unique. The boatswain, a stalwart tar, was discharged yes- terday for maltreating firemen, and returned to-dayminutesDistance run, knote, as posted, 30031.528S 11. ae sooglidhig rippte, is a sight so decidedly Indescribable that I would ad- vise your readers not to be content till they wfbiessitof a thousand, of which the te followingeqnallv dte-ifaKMirth to avoid ice, adjoating compaases, ic.So OMdoobta the ability <rf the vessel, with a to show them that he still lived. Being forbidden toWell haul and roU Urn over."11.76 The shape of the vessel sad ite rasulte are Indeed distance—a fine sight per te, l>«t we are so very much Sailore—" Ai^en, my Johnny B<Aar, O," etc, ete.I loed of paaaeagers and onder favor-tread sgsln the broad arena of his more than imperial tyranny, and deeeendlng the ladder to the hulk aloogside, bewed but not cmshed, a Herculean fire- man grappled him by the throat. In aa Instant both were over the railing in mid air, wldle during the short descent, tlw sailor shook oifhis assailant, and pttohed him Into the ultimate scuppers of the scow.8.84wonderful. She is, as is well known, concave from finer, we fancy, that we do not eondescend to enjoyIt wHlbeobaervedthatthe actoal fane exerted aato make the paasage in lessi daya.Biift«'<«7 naarfcaUe fact that none of the en-gteM^acNw or paddle, have been once stoppedfv dniing the whole tt^. a^Datmentappearedrope,being measuredin,TUs voyage of tiie Great £a*<nw has, to a The action now became generalFoiesaU,fon- topeaU, fotetopgallantsall, or upper topcall, as it Is called in the absence of a topgallantmast, and fore- spenser, the three former square sails, and the lattera fore-and-aft or schooner sail, also three ether spen sers, were now set to the sootheasterly breeze—not soAnd at thethe surfaceof thewater is entirelybeaa ancceaaf—OkalMt, H»aeritaaeeafaBtpartof fla 'great worli fat which x. SesTf Bosaau, Is la^is^pllilii Ihii hull sad this foHtBOfllaaB. The Trnw^M ago defended this ia«ttt «btt oftka wkeia ««MMae against the un- jMt«tlMfe>a(«Mataa—who, a^ar in lgaoraoee<xIika tdp has been sbnomally lengthened to a r extent by the otfa«r causes menttoaed.ship was rolilDg as nearly as could be estimated in the darkness, some 16 degrees to leeward—a very mod- erate and easy, but stiU decided roll, the blackness of the darkness, ttie howling and shrieking of the vrindLongitude,aUylai, islowbeyondquestion—theaeco^lished.back against it with a uniform velocity, which ore- ventathe water level from being disturbed, and the ship from running up hllLen ^tossed hte not less eamest attention a few even- ings ago. Several of our company are good vocalists, and on the whole, thi musical department of our en- tertainment te decidedly in keeping. Let us fancy the three other suites of saloons in this floating hotel, dec-Theleewardto was11° aadaWi.snot.Tmiali afdiatneaa nK>bytheA4> wlUbeob-wwrIll iijihi Jill inni j'ftniii n inUswork.of the Great Eattern, and then roaring among the sturdy branches of the New Forest, far a|ray on the lee.Tlie fires were started at 11:30 o'clock, and the boilers kept nnller steam, with banked fires, all nightFIRST DAY OF THE TRIP.larwaids given ent to fVtnn 9:S7 A. M., Gnenmeh time, avnity, Jiuu 17, (oeraemmentthaa a statement of It luxm, Bkift time, Vsnday, Jvne 16.Very early in tbe morning, the long lines of sailors There Is also much uncertainty as to tha exact time and firemen on deck , finally ans wering to their names, lost fei naaiBg sooth to dear ice, In sonndlag, <Scc. the tug alongside to slip our cables for us, tbe smok- f Boae of these (acts are very Important, ing clilmneys, and the safety-valve pipes, with their white feather of steam, gave sign of final starting. But the leaden sky,' and a half gale from the N.N.E., Is certainly praiseworthy. Such Is were not so promising. The lower ends of the cablesforming the moorings, were finally secured to theunder our bow, the pins knocked out, and at threetugminutes before 8 o'clock the ship was adrift. Thetide was running up, but the contrary winds kept theship's stem down so that she stood square across theThe moming ofthe 21st was a littte thick, with a wliolesale W.S.W. breese, which soon chsaged totta intahnaAaataoerthiaaMioftkevayage. ItseemsMTftfad^that the Isagltndas posted en these daysaa*^IB flw gnat sdai^i^ilgBed by the Captain, weremuch when the wind is likely to haul to the west-ward, and while the sails are yet not easily mansged. ers of rain, and very little sail was set The esrly Observing the ship for a few momente, he retired in wtth their concentite elliptical lines of drops, te verybrow of nme sea-beatentbe Needles Average revolutions of Paddte>Ofwheadland.those whomnowSome to move 170 tons in all, but this will not probably Highest speed by logln sni,music and' wine aremetres of ite eSeef-W (£Mr.RvBsxuis dueto show theite blades above water, which causes a slight vibra-athe iplmdiri vesselwork, as more of it is done from the deck. It may also be remarked that the men do not so far work particularlyhour were made by log all night.no one questions the propriety of not spreading tooThe screw isto-day beginningtopaftogetherI tssos of the voyage.aanattva of tha trip, aad the engineering le-kald.T^aaHa, igVMlad at soaa laagth, will exhibit the basUblindingaad tUaptba details of tte int-aamed conclusioiu.nTE OF THE TRIP.DAY BEFORX STARTING. SuuasAT, June 16, 1660.RiHiax.—The slip of the paddle to-day would have been 19 per cent, supposing the dlstonce run as re-bat like a rock tben te eternal warfare, aad the headlsads tkaoa-canfidentlyofficer was at his poet—the pilot, with anxious eye,all this on such a ship and on such an occasion,iat and starm betee ni laost hulk, aart eloQds hung about hsi* silentaadLatitude turned a salute from Hurst Castle, and at three did but relish a little northeasterly breese, as she several feet by the stem—l*not deemed right for her Longitude46° 16' N.de- im. So night Uagahicrsepiag over the greatas Bntwtth- la her Iran aides, la brUliant and (Qded siisilawioii. BBitlpUed by mlrrorE into «fu<i««gleft the regularly run knote behind hsr.Another little accident in the middle of the nightchain-cable and otherDistance runAverage knote per actual hour^MiatalBWaad.hMiUiigUkeanyotliersteamera !««!'decreasing, however. dewTOa away, ftadoaOy loomed iqi befon us, filling the hntiien, as the milpmian tog hovered under her lea.sight.Tnefinal embarkation—therealtrialtrip—thefirstThe flame in the furnaces is more red andwith a wholesaU breeze,ahead. The swell had decreased somewhatUe mothmcould be perceived In the di^ wiftoatTha of the agpeanaceshipItas been somewhat Im-voyage—the test journeypropertyoceanI last saw her. A. whtta ribband, 27 and world-widewide, has been painted entirely around her, tsa feet below the top of the bulwarks. Theinterest, than anyed since Noah's Ark—the very birth-day of tlie Gnatto derive much benefit from them. 1 have already men-TBI DAT'SBUV.a boxes above the fWworse.bulwarks, cbangedcbimaayswere seven not a veryoTSip'saad Ike six masts arettas Hghtaas the vessel, but she seeds no illusions toaccomplished with lessceremonyaad de- ceased at 4 A. M. At 8 A. M. the two forwsrd and increases the liability popularbei^MathebsaatycrherUnes. The stem, round,andshortlyafter, theand so far American, bnt nothemispherical, and soclouds had broken, and soon after the day was splen- minding us, the few fbol-bardy who were ventur- didly bright and sunshiny, but the wind was stilltham spread. The menyet there are not enough* I TTt!'r"to Uke the place of recent tmprove- "llSelogU simply peeoliar.tlie fiveto cream color. Allhours furling severe gale. It to get a saU teiriy do not work very sharp, probably, of them to do the thing clip- as old strte of rigging and phys-so longtime atece yesterday Oiitance nm, as peeked 27^ as collected...is theentirely graceful. But the roughly-boxes, followed us down to the Isle oivVight,re-SS.ZSonlyfeature of thegeneral" "ing on an unfortunate and iil-fatad shipbum in the chimney—havingair admit-per fashion,cf an old-fashionedgallery around to the howling rigging under that"—clingingstrong.this aunaing showina340first elated everybodyand reefing and furUng arrange-by the paddles "was 17Wintry sky— M, laTlocWadly soggealtve of detormity, and Is quite of " the last mourner," hmlllar to ouroftbeand the night. The reckoning, wasted, but most dangerously applied. It Is highly mente in bloci<s duringaU And whenbeforelaaaoBTOharImiMnloBandfliatofherpropellers,to- snd savhig cost Then te aaoAarsad to otaerve uMhydrogeaeaflie. Tha eaal,WM*«adease with which she obeyed her rudder like sny other lieve,\ lamentable idlosyneracy on the part of the ity. It dees aot bora bttghOy aad freely. Tbe after maia or OB the mteiea masts. Ti^gelMM^**tagsonbo«id.iBthepaeaesaionofwoikad well enough to all sppearancea, have been terdayDlftrenoe of ship's time, first reokoning. .perfsettybalancedbycounterweightsinthewheels, Distancerun,ascorrectedwiflimDch reBtOatipn the thraoghwould ttrn fa-fhrrn no thewas won fsoltywaves oa her floats. The aenw engines have beenconsldeiahly resdjnsted and worit very smoothly,much mora so than one would have supposed poolble than any ed The logs wen they would be insafisralile without better ventllatioB. coal, or, la some eaaee, to work wtad aad milfm-t^: >straek out with Benician lunges, wMle peacemakers tugged at promiscuous coat collars, and the screaming wives r«f]aitaaUp*onlM>f iwtaa with heavy of the SODS of Tulcan threw themselves Into thefc'lha HifwaalTf qwed ezpeetedby the public, middle dsager. By a desperate jump, flie amn ofstem,demonattated the mechanical feas- ref tbe schenea of her designers, and thesmooth as far as affected by tlie movement of flievessel. The paddles, of coarse, raise f<rilowing,erlylyinxr,waa ahown by the Tmaan incieaae of boiler power, longbaMa tho Ual ti^. Yet the all-important dis- fcdk* bet ween the sixeofthehollof the ship aad tha praportion of her power, should precedelaah conclusion as to her speed and economy. out in his wake. But their ferocity isVlAs the lines of the ship are perfection, and Southampton water, and both are glad to get fishedspeedsand tiefore dark a breexe sprang up from the S. W. saloon-^the state apartment belagratber wans. F«r-which satbrought showera, and fiUed our sails all night ty-four persons at tabte. The dlaaar eenieo- teI wish I could give an exact picture of oar grand qtilte elegant—silvered coveie—white platea wlft aanyhv saghaa excellent of their kind, the vesselfor the of Trans-Atlan- aytoffnaatoie purposeaadby an increasing angle, the presence of which, added sofas, gazing at ite beauttfdl decorations, and Usten-to be impoesl-much to aiditiate the men in i««iK<n»g the heavr canvas. The wind steadily increaslag, however, tiiey pulled well. The ship began to roU slightly—not enough to be no- ticedwithoutspecialobservation. Anwould, of course, have rolled quite decidedly. At 3 P.M. it became olondy, and at 5:30 itBoOi wind and rain increased, and by 9 o'clock tlie meteorological aspect of things was disagreeable. Thewindhaashiftedmoretothe northward,sothat thesquaresailsontheforemastwouldnotfill well;she is not entirely adapted noon at 4 o'clock the last of the passengers came de^MllBtfifcSS^t ;tofty paddle-boxes ;excitement at dinner, and a great many fish storiea dancing, before we fill up the tiois.scenein bur imaglns- service. The view from the'extniae bow tefine. The ship's length and the height of the wavesfor as possible, the state of the ddp^Ustart for Maw-Tork.But the grace with wUeb the leviathan gotherof our particular enginaetlag party was the scene ofwillheataaoogikfiatllMfonaeat* aat<«!llltetli,g workaad l»fsal. ThalBUBetaedssctiai.e'e..wiUbeBieatloB- od tether en. The figures marking the ImmenhiD «n tha sleiB, have beea rr*^"^ over; thoes on tiie bow iiimarir BntI may remark Qmt my measme- ents an entirely accurate, having been made, notprofoundunhqmiaess. ThisbatlBakThe dnft forward wasft.tia.,be treatedhuge body under way—the apparently remarkable further in the engineering report, showing, we be- tnminoaa, mixed, is ao^ I baUasaof thafiiatqoal- main saU is bent OS, and there are no yards aa ftecleaned three weeks ago, by dragging16 knotethen, woold be aa unrivaladVbmdMa Ixed to planks, fore and aft, iseaaaoftwo bystosB^ogs oa eitlMr ^e, in tlie usnsl manner.Wsedaisar came off at that time. Dtvaia feetioaghanoaatdiseoveredanytldag bnt the slime sad moss saHsasili slaiiii tMaoperatias^ and more of it is near the watvlfaiettaB below. That tUswiU aOlMt the ahln'a speed a few knots per day, will not be doubted, bat exactly how much, cannot of eoorae be esOmated.in warmer eUmites,Aad the paint U begfaming to crack tram their finely gather at a tresaendops daeoatald gtaas easfaigs. On the whole, and with te their fOU eapodty. Bat itfiremen and sailors and the49° 27' 84** 5'— Oh Seilen—Ho—ei—yeO."enrollment ofSHggesttvaly hilarioos spirits of many of them,seem to be the favorite of pected change hands, both if she does and does notitarms reached the goard of a tug alongaide thestant lengths, whatever their height, at giventhe man of fire came tumbling after, dealing both sprang into rude eolUsloB over the In-tervening sea, and for a moment disappeared &amthe vulgar gaze. Now the boatswain swims for a neighboring yawl, and the fireman, sbark-Uke, strikesparticularlyin herlocomottonasto in-ordinary sbipand the lengths of which have been tabulated by thesame engineer, so that the speed of the ship may behulk;blows ;out alive. •Mr. Scott Rdssxu, and other guests, left us atto the momentum already imparted to the water, be.comes constant and uniform, so that an equal foroe U Two professors of the art are discoursing most excel-exerted on the water by the whole of the fore or en- lent melody with piano and bugle, while our capteln, haps 10 to IS feet high and 209 feet apart The Great tering part of the ship, and not by the extreme bowalone, as is the case with blunt vessels. The sameprinciple applies to the hollow stem ; the water falls riety of vrindbistrument than the foretopsall which and stariioard, averaged at the rate of Sk per miaotedown from Southampton, and soon after^e "ven- tureaome " handful composing our company alone remained. At aboat 3 o'clock a severe thun- der-storm came op, and poured out ite wind on the careening yachte, wUch skulked back to their moor- ings, snd its drenching rain on the passengers of these most miserable scows, which, in tliese waters, are faeeUously called "passenger steamers" or "packets." But it was a grand scene irom ourthe same wind sweeping the sayaga ISjpallsfsiiUii j to Aare- ruins of Metley Abbey, vrhistling Uirough the riggingaa elegant performer on the flute, te loudly cheered when he takes Us tum at a considerably smaUer va-to kof MMea is yeiio be proved by commercialand attopgallantsallsail, away up so lUgh from the water—that extra thickandtremendousexpanseofcanvas,flappinginthe fierce gale—vas not so tractable, and the wholenight was spent by an army of sailors, quite unusedto such dimensions, and a little nervous, withal,' infurling it The running rigging does not work assmoothly as it doubtless will in time. The sailorssay that the American fuhion of rigging works muchmore easily, and will enable fewer men to do the for dessertEastern being very ll^U, and high oat of water, Mt;under the over to thejeeward inrfiffgrim figuresa state of violentofcanvaasandthink tUste the first vesael we have••'•viPN'*'jJI:JU<SLMil^^piWBSPPPBIWB^*"""*"^^tampered bythe side impulse at slightestfirst,aftsuhieetbadpotetItbink,abeat the >lg arte v4«JL Hochannel. But a fore-stay sail soon brcugbt her bead sails, the dingy figures of men clambering up andthemomentanything attempteto standupround, and 12 minutes after 8 the engines were start- down the shrouds—ed, snd the monster struck out for the New World, as high as a cburoh steeple—hanging far over theportedimpossible.perpictaieII! easMBi sea a modan ship as would be the —tbe-dronkard's dog following his body—all alone— atThe lead was kept going from both sponsons—everyyawning waveS) was crowded with hiiman beings-FOURTH DAY Q? TRIP.\caus- ing a delay of eteven minutes, and at 10:S7 the shipas15 they were soon taken In-in ratherneer, and another gentleman, soon after left us,shipwreckof a ship which has lieenthe parent of mon talk, speeolatton, wander,it shouldbe,firingablingostogetoutquitespraadof canvas. Ercrr- worksOne poor littlewith half a dozen shivering gentlemen on herwere set, or the fore and aft sailgasesInrequires from 20 to 30 minutesmonstration.come alongside to take the lastirtlch had messages and letters,paddle-fore stey-sail spsnker,casings.foretopeaUJalthfultug,themlzzenspensersahd ttieactoai hour from Needieiyouth—at the prospect of a remark- place in tbe chimneys there la certainly room told,before.of donkey engines aU over the ship,leviathan of the deep, and the noiseless regularity- navigators.atanoct insUnct—with wliich her giant fins struck outTHB OAT'S Ktm.foaael cases are doobOeas too aaar Am faanels or upper top-salte are «„, oa the highestton MdLatitude end of seecod day.. for deep water, waa the promising feature of our Longitude end of second day48* 41' N.tof tobe^ipUed. Linlnga of plaatar of Paria, tagaOMr mast, for fMr rguare HUs on the alter malaaaaL^^bom aay ^arks on the ship, bnt from woildBgdraw* embarkation. Tha paddle engtnes, wUeh always DilCnenee of ship's time since noon yes-andnowranwithsnchremarkablesmoothnessdiatwhile we were stopping fJ r the pilot, all four great Average knote per actual hour by firstcylinders and their attachments actually moved gently reckoning 13.849fearbyfirete lisltbyall—notthatit above6,5Msquareyards—ataaoatifaetquitecould do much damage, for ttie mttsns of throwing rig,and certainly more canvas than tha fhrtMt aodlteywater are snOdent to flood the ship, aad an kept un- screws carry. It te weU known Oat ftowhaa Itstsalag to their amndering on the trial trip. The firing all day Iras not particularly good—the voL omas ci amoke pooring from tbe ehimiieys and (ha low steam pressure were evideaoe of ILPortland BiU was passed at 12-40 P. If., Start PointRxKAai.-The average actual ^eed waa greater speed report i>y loga.i s ttrown btheas. Thsratenowrood-woikadiaeanttoorinreaoh ofthaboHenor fornaces. Andshoold fire originateoot the aid of the pnmpa.•f^^HAat.mtfa afaikalt) aa a aea-going Teasel, the excel-TlM asotniag was fine and profAiaas. TaAts and togs, not indeed in schools, as wlien we left Deptford ^ImWTM XHteni MBBd from Soathaavtan on a year ago, for who believes In Ont SiuUm adver- ItdtamtUK *t BMwfay, Jane 17, md uiired off tisements, were manceuvering in Boutliampton water ; nlyBaskatT-JDA.IL,onthemofniiigofthe theJ'tresteamer,withtheRestIndianmails;the Oirtsse, on a trial trip, aad the Royal Hall Company's rsress, now chartered by the Irish American line,after,sometimes succeeds a season of storm, tbe bold, darkJuiu 20.The weather is very fine. A considenble swell totpurpose ofdle- pensteg wUh a large crew aad preventing tbe health.Mkr Bka WBfi WpaaMOflen mm) 8 guests.1|« !•}(» haa bean putkoUdr fine and faU and bound for New Torfc via Galwsy—large steamers a soft, blue ribband of distant coast, splendidly con- height of the sweUs can only be seen from the spon. admired. Six men milj stand at the wheel in fairaU others which canaes sea-sickness. The realBhaadeaaaoabated the OreatSatt- all—ware looked down upon from tlie lofty decks of trastiag. vrith the smootli, deep water, and the golden sons, such is the height sf the deck. During our half weather, and they do nothing but stand most of the dozen niea on a conumm sleaawr, wtth thatrheadlands on anr beam, stretching far westward intothe leviathan. brightness of , the western sky. The whole circuit of gale, or gale,as it may be called out of sailor's hearing, time. and " o-hoy,) " and ye-ho-oy,"Latitude, end of first day I.angltnde, as posted, 7S° 4' W.N to **yeO."Shake her up and put her thso^lLrectedSUtorence of Greenwich and ship's time,of the vessel, and watohlng her giant bulkwhole question of the Great Sotteni's speed, however, will be considered in another part of my letter.Several vessels have been visibte on the horizon. One large ship, with all sail set came within hailingThte lyric has, I beUeva, 144 veraea, aad K to oaerectedAveiage knots per actual hourTotal distance from Needles, knots Highest speed by log, knotoAvenge revolnttons of peddle per minute,(24 hours)Average revolutions of screw per minute,(34hours):SECOND DAY OF THE TRIP.From 12, aoon, Jfoadoy, Juiu 18, to 12, noon, Tuesday,bolic curve, bnt on Mr. Scon Rdmiu'i cele- facetloas young man before mentioned, observed that The slip of the latter should be some 9 or 10 per brated wave line, which U better. The result, as in her skipper's log might be foond inasrlhed : " Lat- that of the former te about 99.eat:Jmte 19,All the sails on the foremast, to wit:ak^ wtth every atttah nnrlhailj kiaiisii, laagaifioeataOla. I10,it The complete rails, portMkif'Mtime.Uu veteel iaetforesail and comparatively light fore-about 1 o'clock was truly terrific. The wind wasthrough the forest of spars and ropes, therain, the shouting of a hundred sailors away upon the foretopsall yard and the neighboring spars, tugging at the stubborn canvas, the thundering of the loosenedgovernor47° 40' N' plete port and steriMard roll occupying a fifth to a paddte wheel does not roll out of water as moehbard upon the predncte of the a^e^and;;as cor-through the sea, which shescarcelyseemstomal aad popularas cor-;they will aiii-J^toter!begahto rain.wakened out of peculiarly stirring.was pronounced byofHundreds of empty ale-bottles broke loose from theirbeinglydescribedit.On the moming of the 19th the wind was whattimes.less wUte thanoccasionally rivals that of the Lake Erie boats,andUt-clipper skippers would call a double-reefed-topsallleeward, and made SH comptete rolls, up and down,Batten't practical Icareer, could hardly have been in a minute. It was still cloudy, but the tain had the consumption ftael,m wiiiited l5SSttSe,a«piito<i3«'i4- W., JB^aS' wlitbetter season, thtei:-'4vvNEW-YORK, FRIDAY, JUNE 29, 1860.eaafntVndersnchauspicesdidtiieGnatSastem gone2pereenUfatitr(imOssagtnef,thestate-room likelytobecarboBleoxyd,itaeatiwrawoaldMtbe powershouldnotbeusedtotoaaextent,Avenge knote peractual hour, correctedrun 12.08Average revoluuoas of paddle Avenge revolntioiis of serew9.36 10.70saloon, fkiMgh which both the paddla fuaaels pass.vartoos The most striking feature of the vesael, to the vision waa alive with sails. Twenty-three craft, two no penon experienced tlwse disagreeable sensations The great subject of conversation among the pas- dicativeofa strong pall,are vaiyl^iBMaBd nHaMHtr of her madaUwry, and her oq-lli^id aaMy aad ramaikafaie cvndnt as a pas- neirspapers, was her tdcaMp. Where the $30o|(IOO, Shortly afterward, 19 sail, tbe nearest of them rosy been at sea before. His Indisposition, however, did pute the amount of wine mgered oa every side of out of our men, as they appear to tog at the hmm.casual observer who has been a reader of Londao of them steamers, were visible from the paddle-boxes. stall, except one young man of 17, who had never sengers is the speed of tbe ship. I can hardly com- rade (vera wUeh I verily believe lAowi an beithe coet of "material alteration "have gone, can be with the light of a glorious sunset, wera in sight on not keep him from the table.. There is no disagree every question concerning it. The pasaengen are First some forty sailors lay hold of the rape ad ^W trial of speed the ti^ haa been, made on- only discovered after a more critical examinatton our starboard bow. The night was quite calm, and ment among us all about the fact ttiatin a small ship, beginning to get into thiek weatiier abontthe incon- walk off vtith it stamping hi tioM to the taaeMaaD tfi'-'^mt ilaailtaiimiis WiOooV deducting than I have yet made. A facetious firlend observes, passed away without Incideat every passenger would have experienced tlie extrem- sistency of the reckoning for ttie last few days, aad of "Waitforthe Wagtm,"or oOiar popolar aki^ eaOe aetnal time has bee^ 11 days 3 "paint a newspaper reporter's berth aaother color, A^Mibiat speed attained w*a 141 knots, and next morning it tpputn in a column article, how HlMatatevQeaperhoar. Forfoordars J this iplendid vessel having been entirely refitted, andThe moming of the 18th was truly magnificent. The est sea-sickness on the night of the ISthifatallon since bete are tlierefora a matter of the merest goess- a cracked comet-a-plston, till it polls pnt^ tatf, air was clear and warm, and the wind very light N. the trip. But we have not seen very heavy weather work, their latitude and longttode te amusing. The wliena more exhansttve styte of marieN. W., and afterwards 8. E., the sea being perfecUy yet It is only proved that on average Summer runs for the last three days being posted as respec- necessary, and the fellow of thepraaanie was limitad to 30 completely redecorated, at an almost fabulous ex- placid for an hour or more—a rolling swell without passages, the great ship overcomes the chief and oni- tively 300, 340 and 276 knote, bete were offered and fades away Uke a Chlaeee cracker bofon a Itka auiwi bafleta wen so Uaitad dnr- pense, aiid with an eye to combined safety and ele- gance wiilch reflects the highest credit upon her able trkcia trip tihat none of the euines wete and gentlemanly proprietors, is now prepared, etc, that ittmaae of power bj- hi|^ steam etc.'" The ship is full of rubbish, but mostly of a opanaien, toi which they were designed movable and stowable character. Much of the light wood-work about the decks Is unfinished. The engi- [was bad doling the first half of the neering explctt of tbe morning Is getting the auxiliary ItUa,theship'sbottomhasbeenso screw-enginestowork—thetrfirstippearanceonthewind or wave—dimples of every shape and size, glori- versa! objection to ocean traveling, A little sail waa taken that to-day's ran will not exceed MO, 340, 330, When all te ready, aoBW <X-footerwitt a . ously blue, bnt without a ripple. Passing a ship near set, but the wind gradually sobaided, and it was and even 310. Two to one te offered and taken that pharinx begtes, in a voice whoee vlfarailaaM^ttal- izes the jar of the screw, and liw kmtr aaiian^wMishe will not arrive at Sandy Hook onbers, whenby we might ascertain her name. Are were very fine and almost cloodless. At 8 P. M. a 4 to 1 that she wUl not arrive on Tuesday noonenough for a salute, our showed iier neighbornum- takenin at 6 o'clock. The affbmoon andieveningTuesday, P.l^;andturn of the compliment was hardly necessary on our light N. N. W. breeze sprang op, the remnante of the there U plenty of champagne pending as w her ar- at tbe last vowel of the chorus, aad at tla ro|ia,aapart, for vrhat benighted Down Easter would faU to northeasterly gale having died away. Our small riving Wednesday moming and Wednesday after- follows:recognize the Great Beatem, How magnificently we company—forty-two passoigers-is quite lost on this noon. Comparatively, I am happy to state, tbs Airi- eii-fioier—" My Toousy dear, he's game to aao, musthaveappearedfromherdeck,withourtre- hugevessel.ItIsaveryeasyatattertotakealonely arictetalkedofastheshipofthedar.ThePsrsis 5asIi»-s-^o—el—yeO."(blastaadpnUontha0.)the bow aft, on the water hollow- it One small vessel 2918 line,for a fewmomenteontlie wholeThe day has been without incident, so much soi^^M^^M—^i^a—WIsWMaaa—PRICE TWO CEH[%^ta«»or chiaueya, if BO better proleettoa agalnat AM radia- matniaasts. Now there i. plenty of room for ait" is* W. tioa of ae latter, thaa irMaad xiac air eaalagsan saU on the foretrysail mast (or* royal on Aa m*s-2»"oe' 31° Mrnlximimaitj hestVis on, p, «>^ <»nsldenble ^oastaga,2tC withbettorfiringmakeallsafeenooih.Atpreeaat, jlggermastThtealtogetherwonIdmakea^gy^g.a^"Is made very hot by tham nowonder canvas, dnggiag flmtr anowa. Jfiph, Ofpartaatly toi,an».this atag^ axoeplion, the ship is oeonliarly sate asto Ire. At the time of the explosion during ter first trip, all the eoala in tte fbmaoa vrere blosm about tiieperhapa, cOTtsctly, that no siushTHIRD DAY OF THE TRIP.Tram y—a, Tkeadaf, Jmu 19^ Is JToon, Wcdassday, stoke bolae, aad loads of nii lato among pend on steam almost entirely, for thespecially watohlng for it, and pitching is the motton ofonly are required, six span like oor abondsntThe easy of Oie ship cannot be too moch steeringtheing in some three feet, not wtth a para- our port bow, lad Oen vanished oat of sight The te much less economical thaa tlut of themay be seen from the sponson beams, U, that a< iksritude wliat-yaa-nmy-eail-it N., Longitude so-and-so W.—passed a Urge volcanic island bearing N. £., Infive craters. origindriftedusr^dlyoutofWepaisedaad saluted aa ftmnrtrsa d^yerkigkeet epeidnot raiee apeneptMeieave.thte afternoon, soBW two Bdles off,; it Is tbe water givingStrong east- sight" That some of the down-Easten have seenstrainingeruption cunent of sadden;waves of their own, which by the vray have beea dls tbe sea serpent nets, there can be no question. At 6 with recognitlOD.covered by the author of the wave line to be of con- P. H. the sky became overcast, and looked "blowy," Dinner ooeorred for the first time ia the trrt aftercalculated from them, and is so calculated daily by saloon and the adjacent ladies' saloon at evening. It cabte round the edge, and the Oremt ITsHiia nailerone of our party. The philosophy of the hollow line closely resembles a suite of brilliant apartmente in a csnvass, beningiy obaarred by BritaaaUmtf taeHonIs now pretty widely knownimiilil slilps, aad te not heavy visibletotheunaidedvision)wasthesourceofsome (HBted,lighted,peopledaadenlivenedbymusicand enoughtomoveakootorovaxtoraanyaoitoftaUothat the of a shark on the starboard bow report(notered quite lightin smallleave her round fore foot o<it of water 10 or 12 feet back of the stem, and tliaa bury Ittotha fast or in concert. About 12 knots an tory motion in the ship, not perceptible when it Is en- light N.W., bringing clear weather, exoept some fog hawseholes in the extreme stem, wldeh, mttagwith immersed. At evening several sails were is on the horizon, and requiring the furling of all sail water, became a fountain on the alteraato ilaa. ThaItisprobablethatthe aid by sail is not as great as the wind will allow, butsightthe sea had not risen to anor the wind to that degree of ferocity for which theNorth Atlantic is famous, yet the scene oa deck magnificent—wind and sea light—no sail setAlthougiigreat height,shine. Before noon the day was veryand We took the extreme side oscillations of the ahip inches out of water, as the ship pitches, but tlw screw thU moming, by an improvised pendulum, and found engine does not race, on tbat acoouat, enough to re-them to be 8 degrees 9 minutes each way, each com- the quiremorning of the 20th was squally, with clouds and sun- disgust remaikabte. The screw te showing ite bladee sane ftTHE DAY'S BCN. Latitude, end Of third dayend of third day. Differenceofship'stimesinceyesterdaynoonDistance runAverage knote per actual hour Total distance from Needles Highest speed by log.Average revoiotions of paddle. Average revolutions of screwor The windward throttling.to be correct which Istlie very fact that the great spar— cent was probably nearer the actual slip.Tenbelieved that the vesselatUgh.tidethisafierooon.Clrcum- wasmeasuringagainthewell-knowndlsUnce causednotalittlenervousnessontbepartofthe /ime21.—Extremelyfineandsunshinyallday,with muchnoticed.ThefacttethatthegreatshipreUs thanthetactthatshetenotilkaaro^bnt<nrarar, decidedly onavoldable—a fare- and penetrating tlie mist for fresh landmarks—but the timid, and considerable enthusiasm on tbe part of Northwesterly light studding-sail breeze till evening.ofat laaat hUailoas Iremen. the aiqpraach' great hulk needed only a look, and followed the your correpondent But the uupoetical sailors la- Both screw and paddle are going faster, partly on ac- rite upon bodily-^tbe ferrete out a long swell which athe mtmm Boiaat ebbkad wtth sUp- wave of his hand Dirough the windings of the Chan- conically denominated tills interesting occasion as count of decreased Immersion ; the former is making short ship cannot appreciate.In every particular,a^th* ragged qmrsof Oe Needles, c^ped neL At 8:4S, we were abreast Cowes, at 9:4S we re- simply a " nasty ai^ ht," while the most noble vessel SS and the latter lOH tyms. Tbe trim of tbe ship—TBI DAY'S KCN.-.-. -..10°0r W.mipnt«i« before 10, we passed the Needles. The pilot, wliose little boat was on the davlte alongside, ac- companied by Mr. BaxaxTOB, tlie Company's Engi-dreamsmaking the was fairly on her course. The great voyage was moorings, snd came down on the paved fioor of the Tbe desired effect could of course produced by.^ooaiyheavyFrom Wwn H^edaee^oy, Jvm 20, to Noon Tkuniay,best working, so the guns, weighing two tons each,rope, sails,Difference of ship's time since yesterday noon..28.6' "* 13.42 1,22010,09$ 34.4gwhence it blew after a strong wiiolasaU fashion, en-and the smoke aftercraft that has float- breeze, if not stronger. The ship rolled 7 degrees to which, it Is said, can be sliced off with a knife. stiff aad slowly, white in case of such changeable special attention.but it did UtU*In Freshwater Bay, just east of passage between the fore and aft ssloons with a filling some of the fore lower compartments with wa- The day has not been without Aeldent. Our party the Needles, was a troop-ship ashora, when she had crash which reveriierated through the iron caverns ter, but this, increasing her total immersion, wouldFIFTH DAY OF THE TRIP. fVom iVoen June 21 (o -Vooa Jiau 22.-ood W. overboiled and passed areally begun.dark. The whote day wa her,"asoneofthewitnessesofthewreckgraphical- casicmally,thoughfafrinsomeofthefurnacesat horizon,andthewindchangedtothaN.N.W.andN., Themomingofthe22dwasrainyaaddoody,MtSondnrnplonatgo'clcck, The great sbip, five been driven by the night's gale—a decidedly cheer- " as if the whole engine had been ripped ligbtont of hardly aid her speed. The firing is decidedly bad oc- The afteraoon was doady and rather tUek on the cloutly*bring her downforward mon than an inch or two. beAvengerevolutions of screwttme. Some sail w.^ out aU night as the revoluUon»-tbeThe bad combustion of coarse considerably increaseswind, sails should be got out and in at short noticetioned that some fliftynot sufficientThe paddle-wheels rolled a little out of water ted to them in the rigbt place—their heat la not only ical force aremenDw'rence Avenge knote perTotsldistaaceHlghest^eed tar logt.. Average revolutions by paddte Average revolutloDS of screwWhenon the jlggermast, or last mast. At'll A. M. the all tbe beating surfacesof but what isIt doubtless of fire in the woodenfunnelare consumed where they ought to tie—close to the bed of the fire-combustibletheof the bolter are beforeto take up their heat But when they are allowed tomiles sailing since ship's noon yesterday, probable that some combustion la allowed to take ments, and steam power. We have 120 saHois,dayyesteiday,isto the Potter's Field. One English cheer from the ably quick passage. But when, npon calculating tbe enough for it It is certain that eombusuon takes there plentyjUot's boat, aa we cast it adiUi, vraa the o«ly sound ol revolutions, sllpof propelleia, etc.] we found she bad place occasionally at the ehloiaey tops, but tMs :sconfess uiat 1Untitled Document;great metropolitan hotel, with gentlemen and I re- from the shore—all te blue, and dessert plates with following it up gret to say, too few ladies, lounging on ite elegant the tame device In giltblowIng to excellent amateur and professional music.thetirelyat a distance. An emigrant ship, decks crowded before noon. Then are two men oa the bow, and stem of the sh^ throws off ao petoepiibie ware, bat with people, to see the great sl^t, passed quite near one on each paddle-box, on the wsteh, t>esides the merely turns up two beautiful sheete of spny. Their us. All night tbe wind was light, with some show- officers. A whale was seen blowing on our port bow. resemblance to white wings and delicate fsathers,bright22°S4' W. sixth of a minute. The fore and aft oscillations or as I expected. The same angle of Incllnstinii Ufta Uplteheswere1degree3minuteseachwa7.Thisis twiceasmuchasinthecaseofacommenstaamsr, 276 the next thing to standing on an even keel. Had the butthe waves seem to follow it up and give it as goodmovables areshifted from stem to stem. It is proposed Total distanoe front26.8 mln.11.29 916 12.5 9.478 31 .23vessel been exactly in the trough of the sea, shewould doubtless have roUed more, but the swell beingdiagonal—on our port bow—her length partiaUy cov-ered several swells at a time. A 300 feet vessel wouldcertainly pitch to a very sea sick degree in our pres-ent long swell—not to speak of roljlng—a lonserswell, I think, than we had on the night of our halfgale. Some persons are much surprised that the ship selves crumbte aad recede rear by year before tte rolls slightly—that it rolls at all—when no swell te resistless power of tlie oceaa. Notiiiag better visible—when the roll of a short vessel would not be the exceileace of this vessel's modal aad ]over a long flat Indulation which a short ship wouldto the Uwa of tka waVaa. The compromise between sbeolnte aleadlaaas and sea- sickness must always be a qaaatien of size and neii-ing else.Towards evoniag, the wind had veered ruunJ fromnorthwestotly to northeasterly, and all our fore-end. aft saite, and the foresaUand foretopsall were spread. But the breeze shifted so much westerly again, thatathing about the sailing depaitmeatof the vessel;longs that would blow a blast fatnaoe,jolB la apollLeader—"Adieu, aiy Jdmay Bdcer,'»"»fIjl'i.v* "»»•. ^<*<t«<« MThere is afrom the southwest—the remains of aextreme oscillatioB8° 4' to windward. Thedown, were at the rate of THtremes beial 3° 35' etch way. Thte woold bespeed by rigging Bie » 1 mayMiaawaial ofiia^r 9,000 iaUeated to*. power, and both paddte and screw. It te beat to do-wanted;that with7,000toover of tbe ahip and palling the wiadwaid tekart oatThe manner of setting saU is qnite aaoatac A 'decidedly heavy swell thteafteiaaoB ooastdsiabtewhich we missed— tiieheaviestwavesbelagper-a cliance as they give any whaete to taka Surely,ttie seateveryaccommodating,proridadite vliiwisconformtoiteUwa, Theaaallertdiagy,the man-of-war and the Great Eaatem may ride securely. If they will only roll and swing over ite billowsJ^'uot lncrea«=d. clipper bark beforemade thanlt wasNori.—The q>eedxnote mere todaywhen the reported dlstenee run was also 276 mika.[CenHmud at Eighth J>iv«.]10', complete pit>i«»^. vf ^mIper miimto,the ex-—jllmMlalaelippac'1j' I^Si iiiaaa ^,j^u..jsr..Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 