 .the field of battle in the name of tliakoUastofcansea." Hehasperformedhistask «Ah fidelity and ability, and claims as its special exit that he baa not made a single statementwith- •I kavinf for it the most nnqnestlonable author- 9y. btdeed, he has introduced throughont cita- tf<iasfromofficialdocnmsnts,andhascollectedinprompt reply,questionfor it could not be and in the careful and knowledge of art,thohght-.structures, at the costofmaonftetnre, poddiedNSW PUBLICATIONS.^ GAXPAem DOTAUK DS IHO. _ iMkAensai. FarlaBaraad* Buuoocn. ap-wMmuman^VUmtmmi » Vvmie d'lulls. iMiiraik ba»jMibMBaompleted-tiM seo-NEW-yORK, TUESDAY, APBIL 17, 1860.and master of horse to the Emperor. His Majesty ef the peace,—while it shows, at the same time, ItaliiB Confederation, remaimng, neverUielesv of tbe staircase, and giviiig him his hand, said— reminds as that—like eveir other book.—k caafeMBVf*wMiaifee*. Itit•complete,clear,uklad-''ftffUf'i, ^"^Joseph vfouldnot conceal the profound surprise which it caused to this interview. We shall make no apology, the solehim. But with this expression of surprise it was therefore, for translating and presenting it at these reforms.aolfways remain, ia the last resort, Villafranca.RHTDH.IANpGpSt.noByAHoCow.AxsWaonmaiB. He»14*.:Under this nnobtnulve tiltle, and to &> volume, the type and ibim and whole^^•IIMikiitiafivMthediiiPvisbatajudgetheand extent ofIt was 10 o'clock when the Princethe French Imperial Iwadquarters. When His Im-PW|*>il1jliiiThe author in his preface disavows to write a hiatory,—and profeiaa*ance of the preliminaries of peace, as they hadthe resistance of—Menly nponwhen he teams what perhaps he does not yet know, that the French fleet is already in possession of the island of Lossini, and has re-knot of the wholeconcealed that thisstroy Austrian influence in Centralij;perHitMtjItalian campaignof laatTHB IBTXBVIXW BlfPXBOBPBABCIBJOBXPB.Sovereigns will use all efforts, except a the King of Sardinia was present.resortto arms,to secure thereturnoftheDukes ThePrincehandedthepapersignedbyFbabcis book,"ofwhichwonldhavepleasedtheiikhaja ofTuscanyandModenatotheirStates,—granting JobiphtoNapolxohHL,whocordiallyembraced ofhis accompUshedandthem a generalEmperor of Austria wasphrase, "except a retort toarnii." In hU view upon an act which would so suddenly terminate them well known la tha dUhteotwtA with yetBkl^aptar hafbylunot to the willing acceptafter and .' va a daT,_ long careful reflection of gracefiil copisa of ia a,"On the 6th of at in the July, 6^indispensable. As to theby Messrs. CoEStBO, WiBSLOW A Co., canto him theor his letter,informed himtriumphs over her own worst enemies, the Aus-; I must therefore leave socialists —it is substantially the improvement referred to. Ourtte contents of theandgavehim instruc-might b^ sug- Hiss and Gen. Count Minsdobf-Pouillt wereand too studied to modification carefully permit anyof its terms. Ought not the real Presidency to be-"The third paragraph— The Emperor of Austriacedes his rights over Lombardy to the Emperor of ;be French, who, in accordance with the wish ofValeggio by 10 o'clockVerona at which will me to await trian Princes and the Mazzinianan escort ofunparalleled expressions drals."reduced from 20 to 86aof uhlansto:paragraphimplied alsonaturallythe Josxph,—or sign these concessions with-objectmission,tiaDs how to meet difficulties thatranging the conditions of the armistice. Baron8^, permityour Majesty's reply but two hours. It will be pleasantso space will not admit the mention of Che manipu- description genialand so clear, as lations, temperature and flaxes, and adreraaeffects of phosphorus or sulphur, aad otlier impurities and chemical agents. The. ordi- nary steel-making process takes the vaaag^t iron, which has once been sted, and reeon- verts it into steel by heating or meltlBg it inseated against the accomplislunent of thepurposethelongsoEmperor thatofOrvieto*givenatpage100. Theaccountofgreat gpiritthe best Uhotj of tkia re-and a constitution." Theappeal to ineuirection and tothe populations. "Ican,"headded,"makepersonalsacrificesilia cousin. The nextthe war, leaving nnsccomplished tiie task he had himself marked out, the Eimperor sent to the &b-Mr. WAarwBlOB* has eoOseted a i"gl** propositionS^ tk« eitimste ut their importance, aad the motives of which you have expluned," saidof Austria.Once embarked in the path of conciliation, iaview of the calamities which attended war and offaithful to me."In the view of Prince Napoliof, three leading pomts controlled all the others,—snd were the in-Thus tbe Peace was signed.NOTES OF TRA.TEL AND STTJOY IN ITALY.epithalamium sardonically chriManed'baiima iipok the fortunes of the asTeralthe Emperor, "is very grave. General, and de-The Yacht Club vrill find here thaTicxsoaA songsofitsamateurDib^n. TheadmiretaofIfa-;dispensable The:directly intereated, to be made byserves reflection.I need further information ;basesfirst was the honorary, instead of the real.ByCbauxsEuotNostob. BostoBFdlu. IMO. 120. pp.cannot answerHe aim* solely to rebeane incidents,—to yonpeace.those gnat military exploits still frsshatt** with the aoble emotion of the engage-— drama on the fielda of asal, to trace the livingiMle,—to accompany, day Ijy day, honr by bonr, altp hj step, those intr^id battaUons thrown sothe Emperor," replied thewhomusthave been well trained at home tiefoie tie could see soTWpthe whala<Mgeneralpublic,whichonl^iaaof Anstrian fMSiion, and secure for the people of the Penin- aalaa larger share of control over their own affairs- Tbeee tSorts proving irmtless, andAustria'hav- iagsuddenlyclosedall pacificnegotiationbyIier mlUaiatum to th* King of Sardinia, France at onceidiviaioD stepbystep,inits marchesandits , to the close of the battle of Uagenta. Ike sae«>d vohune gives, in the same a re-offi-|kj,andspodalpaiiuoavsbeentakentomake officerswhowerethere.tItaly.The authorpresentsParis, Emperor.the confidant and friend of the,most. We come abroad utterly ignorant at art, and with natural and national self- confidence, at oncetherearestUlI Frenchand in the first volumeThe Emperor's sincere desire," said the Prince, " is to conclude a peace which shall be acceptable istice, of the sad incidents of the war, and of the to both and an end to the war. Yourparties, putattack upon Verona, the success of which ha did me to that this is the mo- Majesty will permit saynot doubt, let Prince Mkttxbhicb understand how ment for reaching that happy result for which allThe honor of the Austrian is armyjudgeswhether weto lessen theundertbelished and authenticated results of hi^ ateam aadop-her forces intocomplete view of the organbation ofnot, then, by hereditary right that the Princess held possessionsteamships,very anspicesarmy,Bts the history of the campaign—followingGen.FLXtTBT,inspeakingof theproposedarm-will or no.way, ^aat«f the movements and STploits of Gabibaldi, of the proceedings of the French Naval Expedi- Hm, the battle of Solferiiio, and the negotiations •ffcaca. The movements of each portion of thedesirable it was that the two should EmperorsEurope prays.— whichdonotbelongtome letus ofmachinery, results here andto mention what will heaa of peculiar and remarkable Importance to ooz commercial progress—the production of tUd fatdetail, UBy —of the bestof its and a care- supremacy,ofare traced in the name ofwhere he desired to visit theDX LA Bocexjoccauld and the wounded Frenchagesof the sources of Italianthe ten thousand of purposeseverycat UOed b given, accompanied by a brief biogra-hospitals,Commander: it will forces eaergy displaythe questionParma, Mo- Parma, your MajestymschiBary andsakes aome corrections in all the importantThe self to be which theEmperor Fxabcis Jobxpb showed.him-tbe sentimentsthoughts, regardless language usual in diplomacy.tion of the I [shall not conceal from ed through the cloisters ot St. Mark, in Florence, facture of this as well aa milpre. liooa narratives, and throws &esh light upon theality.populations,your Majesty that it is idle to admit the possibilitywill not gladly ponder on this passage" No works of art were ever created with a purercountry Tail British puddled steel bad begun to be iai>ialeilhe had in view.This letter appealed to the sentiments of hu.aidty of the Emperor of Austria, on behalf of thehiave soldiers of both and an armies, proposedanaistice of an easier solution by way preparingfor the negotiations already on foot among tha great powers of Europe. If the Emperor should hesitate, the General was to press this as the first Oleptowardsapeace,whichall Europedesired. Ba was to inform Iiim,in the that the negative,Nafolxob willweightoftheeatab- of her Duchy, but by one of the very objectionable Art, both In many resoects excellent, are too limited surface condensation in England ; «lrti«»ngf» oarsatisfactory historydirectedhim his hand when he en-pig iron inwrought iron, iias, within the paat two jeara, en- grossed especial and world-wide attentioD, and its success has absolutely menaced tiie hoa mann-to be summoned,Aa aecond volume of the negotiations which led high regard, read him hishe remarked theTuscany,EmperorKingoforpuddling furnace, and sab- byto Out peace of TiHafranca, is much more full and tttaiaating than haa been published hitherto. Itvery great desire to speak without ambiguity, and toresrorstion,love,—separateac-vcording to the precise, and as he states, official, cise orders for thehardlyevening, arrative of our author. Marshal Vaillaxt in-the NaPolkob. In EmperorHoly Austria could not treat thisoftheAt8 the o'clockGen. Flxvbttheir recognizee conquest.As for Modena and fullythe Mecca and ststues that are every day spreading for andthe veneration which we must allbecauseitis made from directlydispositionferaied Qen. FjinniT that theXajcsty, who informed him^that he should send riage was perceived, and half an hour later thequestion, longed to the approaching Congress.on in above the roar of the heavy waves of reform, thatcontains very little carbon, and as it if decar-Emperordesired totifi'^a proof of his profound respect;but he did notbonized in the puddling furnace, or ''""gH bookautographletter to thewas accepted." Sire, 1 am ordered to return to head.quarters atin spite of the anxiety that we all feel to knowit is atael of deear' bonizing at the moment when the metal ia steel, iathat the moreover, FrenchThese words, thein accord* to himbut its enormousgeneral use as a substitnte for wrov^tt4ae* already occupied the Isle of Lossini, that itkad already received orders to attack the exteriordefences of Venice, and that this order would be maponce vnth the wishoffmx in immediate ezscation if His Majesty should xqaet the offisr of an armistice. Marshal Vail. xaar was the only person in the whole army to whopi the secret of doM mission was entrusted.Jkt T o'clock in the evening an Imperial carriage left Ysleggio. bearing Gen. Flutkt and his aid, CaptViiniimi. Upontheseatbythesideofthe eonrier in this Imperial livery, sat a irarapeter hearing a flag of truce. It was nightfall when theThe Emperor Francis Josxph asked Prince Na- tioD, in which the two sovereigns examined the polkon what he meant by the loish of the people.ofthemissionofthecousinofthecarriage of his Imperial Highness should be in readiness.may be found, affords evidence that themenwhoexe-aairisge, driven at aadvanced of the poststlally expressionsofthepopularpopulargallop, enemyreached the extremeabout six miles inwas with thefotth. They represent in a manner the decline offeudalism, and the prevalence of the democratic ele-ment m No sooner did a achieve itsAant of Verona, which is eighteen from Yaleggio.A body of Austrian foot soldiers at oace sur.Kooaded the carriage and escorted it to the grandgaard.with that abundaace of precautions and safe,gaards habitual to the Austrians on such occasions.The commandant of the post replaced the footmenByperor Fbancis Joseph. ling, compelled by arms,TheEmperorrehearsedtheconcessionswhich theEmperorNapolionsociety. cityfreedom than Its people began to take thought for a 60,000 pounds to the square inch. Ttie beat BsUs-upon carriage seat and two Emperorthefirstdocumentthathas ofall and surfaces,adding»' the doors. The blinds were .4nwn down. At San Lucia, a village threemyseU;was a mat- such a nature that I must wholly personal.^"•TM*"from Verona, the old Generalthe of brigadethe high rank of thehe can reckon on my entireThe next thing to be done was to reduce to writ-Captafaibuildfaigofof steel of.!ironcanw th th•e"s*a'm'e«wJe^i.g^ht,, ttisquarters of the Emperoz. But he enjoined themthe views and sentiments of the°"^i^,re noint The priceto keep the carriage blinds wholly closed, untilT"!i JnSpplam. Theentriesontherecordsofthe"BoardofWorks" Moorlron. asrailsandrubba atthe^ should enter tha court.UwjIThe Oaaanhonralterdaik,aadthestreets,brillisntly ••fkted vrtth'gas, were filled with people. In frontembodied posteritoyne work. in tillsthe familiar «*The mixture ^oPf«sami-e-te"etcarriageimaginationNapoleon would insist upon keeping that TheEmperorofAustrialookedatPrinceNa- givenstheriaeandgrowthofsomenamesnowlaljlhill^ lli•* the cafit were numerous Austriaa officers.dragoons,created a lively seasation oficers, which was stiU fiirther in-to him;anda word, he signed theoncetheirwelded to iron peels»S«.•taveiring the streets of Verona with closed bliadsf"*and aa escort ofthePrance,voted tothethe ^cnased whsn" ^'^ palanBut,ifwecancometo understandingwith fortheirI the Nafoleob the sffairs of Since I cannot agree your Majesty, Emperor upon ItiJy,InourowndayWedonotexpecttochimiiaiaitsfOMOgpurposes.'— —-wjhtoodoeed -*#!!#^ ^~at once to received, notfications of detaU Marshal Hm, Gen. necessary upon allwe for'theresearchdispiayednt^sonIt is to be that the msnsgara hopedcial antarpdaea, especiaUy that of t—Witt ioHow up thisknmiht, . polities..jffite profitable.,^^-_bearingImperialFba.ncis Jobxpb thatthe preiunmaries of whichtraced with his the limits which emotion fingertliegreatacethsre will remsin no causes of discord between us." and such exptanations as were for whom I must, under the circumstances, re- "I firmly believe," repHed the Prince, "thatwho com- the advanced guardces,fidelity."was^^'"P°TZ'!^,7sawgate, accompanied by iiis aid.Napolxoh, discuss the Emperor, and to make such modi-" withrepuUtion. ment of tlie past servesfor theNobton anfud'ure^ comeoutWlUlnie for a many goodthey» French General deecendterms with thea. a beacon Ifwe owed notUng els. to M-j are all that«MMaMthe Ifuahal i»»e a double value.Thismittinghis word."hte to the Count mof the Aneror of Austria, and the IwerewnUngpersaBatlr process by renderanyoribtfcitiesaaiL*'•TheEmperoiliaddgMd:—forhim, allpr/aieambassador' escort the car-it was essential that charged with this duty should under-"if the £mperor Napolxob is not equallyfa«&de. the Cathedral is<=^'"X^ Zt' S^'«' 'i'*anas of:thenhandingit totiiin,only with the marks pfpoints involved.negotiation constitutes one of the most^ yoa wish to attahi." .»l«'"'^."'»°\^.r"bll chapter ^bu^^and dlsUnction due to'.fnkax kfiUs cordlaUty to which the eld age ef tranaaetian as it sets„ ^ wdU," lepUed, „, It washismission.and,"Very:Uptob.^ause U '^^'Ti^h:o.w^e'v"e^iThis,jAproyeinept.^ uwswaAbut my troops arestill there." poleon, and withoutaddingdo- artistshad retired, but he directed Gen. Flidbt to be the position which the French Emperor assumed uirder the crown of the Emperor of Austria"-wsspassed without discission, for it wasinformed that he would see him at once. The at the ontset concemine the affairs of the Duchies, to specif the inlemal reforms whichimpoAsusitbrlieaGeneral was introduced a few minutes after. and the general question of Italian Independence. might BubseqnenOy concede to thst province :—As soon as his Majesty had read the letter so We have never seen, in any of the accounts sny Intervention on that point could only be il- towards Valeggio. An officer and three select gladly given to it.unexpected from the Emperor NapolbOK, he could hitherto pub!ished,any report, or even any allusion, lusory. It was evident that the Emperor Fbancis guards had received orders to accompany liim to_easy to see the impression which the sentiments length:The fifthOr FBIKCX RAFOLXOH ABB THB "The twoparagraph related to the Duchies. perial Highness himself to the presentedatthekwithiiytiilregaidto miUtar;ae- Francehadmadeonhisheart. TheGeneralper-Emperor 'of moderation and humanity ef the sovereign ofandUtarary ceivedit,andexpressed,inthenameoftheBm- Athalf-past2thePrinceNafolbokstarted,inafour with a courier of horses,peror NArouov, his sincere desire to see an endof current eTenta which yet to a war in which even victory was so dearly The commission of the Prince was formal. Hewas to do all in his to procure the accept- powerbought.Fkaxcib Jobzph heard the General with atten-this was an tadirect—and if he failed in this, to4» merel; a report of aveats, leaT- "The which this letter contains, back definitive sropositions signed by the EmperorofAustriaacopyrfthese theywereoriginallycompoaed. BpvT,JliyinhjyjUhiiialtion and marked respect.beenagreed upon,bringpreliminaries,don away my own rights, but I cannot aban- Dearing his eignatare, and accompaiued by an au- pa-dom wiU find its inatito-morrow ?""I am orderedsad,and realized that he must not foil oa the fieldThis cteTer Uttla Tolome ia one ol tee firsttive-enchantments of Mr. Bbistow'bthe of the 7th momngbyplace myself entirelyAnd clearlyandmeasureso'accaratelytliecharmsand stapleofsong,willfindwlierewithaltasa«htn"toofyonr Majesty, to await your reply.at he had arrived at the Austrian 4,General,posts.The third was theDukestotheirever it may be, added Gten. PuttTBT,your Majes-captainThefirsttwoconnter-charmsoflifeandartabroad. Themain sorrowsorioflameitspersonal;—interview, convinced tliat it—the valor with which it has foughtalready abroad. Butvrahave awould end in establishing the basis of a peace.unstainedefi'aces its misfortunes on the field of battle. An— ;During this conversation Count Clax kindly of- fered to accompany Capt. ifkf Vibdiibi to thefor myself, I shall make no to objectionEmperor gaveNafoleob and theItalysteel, the samegive replyto theproof Emperorfrankness a little —only his trmgue, perhapsthat our troops will ever aid theirthe French,This letter was full of noble feeling and cordi- utter all hisprofoundly Emperorby"of a restoration without theprotectionofforeigntouched Nafolxom hadas on thereignsIn the sixth paragraph—" The two Sovereignsescortedbut with theAt half-past 11 he handed to Nafoliom the auto- graph letter of the Emperor of Austria.by cavalry, carriage-blinds upprevious evening,At the secondshall be under the honorary presidency of the—the Emperor of Austria demanded that the word honorary might be omitted.Mercy, datingan attack from the enemy, had issued very detailed and pre-The Prince thonght it then necessary to enterinto some ezpanations of tbe idea which guided replaced by—as for the sad andNafoleob, meantime,miseries in-were allready knd impatient for a renewal of the battle.Majesty had "vished to give to the Sovereign Pon-the activethey•ee him. The General at once waited upon his But at Hi o'clock the dust of Gen. Pleort'b car- wish, by making him a real President, to createstill difficulties for a situation too greater alreadypolitical agitation goingare fast striking down the time-worn shore of he- cast iron, which has an excess of carbon, it jFbabcib Jobiph had consented to make, and tha basis on which he was willing to conclude peace.expreiiionferthe Use these If so, I beg right of revolution. yourEmperor.Majesty to sign this docu-The ofSardinia Kingheard the Emperor in silence.of andin the which " You will also sign it in the Emperor's name ?" Sardinia, proclamations you—the crusades and the cathe-plates, bridges, ships andmachinery, mayat the disposalBut what- ansouBced as the bearer of aHe wasof truce but ;:ceived orders to attack Venice immediately — Verona was soon in sight, with itsIwhich isand that whichcountrymen, who, coining to Italy with little cul-girdletached forts. At a quarter past 4, the carriage some act of hostility may then take place which with tbe imperial arms reached the gates of tbewould beto attract ourHAqHINEKTAND BNGINnBIRa.ImproTed Aaseiteasi baa aad SImI* However disastroos to oar commercial 'gne- cess may have been that remorseiees brake on thaand windowsparagraph—"This Confederationwill demand of tfle Father that he introduce Holyfromand to thisanticipatingwearyingflicted on the country by bad government and pastof his and on army,placingFather at the head of the Italian Confederation, hiswhich be- misfortunes. Even in the midst of fail to be of especial public interesL Wrought iron now, however,open.1240, charity,day practicingarrayed,Italy,troops received orders to return to their bivouacs.Of place of meeting for the persons charged with ar- posed was based upon considerations too serious;say, processto theAustrian Commissioners ; Marshal Vaillakt as was the case in all confederations, andSovereign andGen.HabtimfbetweretheFrench;and lythatofGermany?powerful State, with if this answer should be and soespecial-I have asked Francis Jobxpb.«hat the General prevailed on them not to place of I shall be forever to the nothing to do with them. But you will under- "Sire," replied the Prince, "in the circum-uhlans, and it was with difficulty^o soldiers the your Majesty," Whatever," said he, " may be the final decisionfor what he hasItalian Independence, and, under all circumstan-;yourJobxpb placed upon his signature, so far as this which I had the honor of submitting tp you, are of June, 1284, and perhaps on that very day in the these figures are appUed to theWhen almost mnomera-ter, relating ingthepropositionswhichhadbeenagreedupon authority.to the fundamentalprinciplesofhis my sovereign?*'"I cannot meantime bind myself," said FbabcisNoBTOB saw in the of workmen en- Spring 'S6,when in ships, boilers, engines,^^-J^-beUreen the two EmperorsTheboundan of the ceded territory, and consequently bound on his sidethathehaddecidedS?^uch purposesredSceitheirweightthis mission while Prince Napolion was malting preparations for the journey, the Emperor wrote totheyhis cousin, the Prince tolaid thebasisuse for tirea, and many railwn aad bdiers,intheirwsspretractsd,ble other wearingteioatiDKj It 4*1upon entrustinghe accepted, in substance,His Majestyhe should affix to his concessions.:and semi-steelhad conversation,—and that he had authorlxedin- important incidents of the wholea fewthe Emperor decide ; bat aasnie lilm that, even if the moment when they lieard tha eantkn itiU to do so, ^ conld not sur- into the court, not another woid traa aam uponbAThe latterGsuma, first aid which be iraa led itepbystep to the conclusionFusoH JonPH"let 8 o'clock lackingmintitaa.forththat,very clearlytheviews^red r The parsgra^b—"TeneBa fbnns part of th« wastaid. He accompagied th* jMnce to the top ;„,Xt UThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069Lt was «> could best stand alone._ metal, to the lutmaWdrawnamnestyBishop,bythe Emperor's household, for Verona.carriagea general conflagration which' had l>ecome immi-meat jf^a American Opera will find here all the lailidlIat once. Can yon wait until nsst, Napoliom IIT wished to accomplish hisofpeace anyuponthe field of battle.Tan'TTMUrrmore thanAt half-past 3, the Prince reached Villatianca ;of the advancedof the Emperor's cousin, didnecessary respectthe accustomed formalities, and left the Priacs free to continue bis journey without the pressu-thehe was ininformed thattions usual in such circumstances.With of de- mtervention, the peace they were about to sigaselfyoung conversation the explicitnesa which lielonged toand of all Americans need such thehas proved to betic| simplyjatamatic plana and purposes with which the Aapaior had entered upon the war.Xba next after the battle of Soliisrioo and st^— remained faithful to him, and with which he Ike passgga of the IDncio, vrss to have been the vrar, he accepted the armistice, begging the Em- the interests of my Crown. But rest assured that,the slowest of the old style capitalists had begunexpressed,those oftelling " The Duke of Modena," replied the Emperor, exuoo, who died in llU. The air of Heaven is to awake out of 8le^,4n thepteepect of 'aarim-topics so grave.'"and critics ofshould be annexed to the States of the King, Vic- and statuea The majority of American travelersof theof Emperor, and begged him anew to see in hisrefiningandspirit,withasweeterpiety,thanFaiAs-the peace of such unusual thequestion:impressioa —" For my own part," replied Fbabcis Josxph, I have given an example of the same tUng, this:totheNafolio.v,in him troops."of a Confederation onceculties of detail which the subject of its organ-1S7S, and stillATO, who first started itEvening Schools, begun in 1830 by MicaxLZ GiOLi, and the sketch of the Brotherhood ofcipleadmitted, the diffi-flourishing, ;Pope "and administration of the Legations from tbe otherLieut.-Gen. MoBozzo dxlla Bocca was deputedoccasion forThe interfiew on the 11th between the two Em- est political importance, because it touched upon 'quenceswhich, thatwork on which the artsBazaxcocrt's report adds nothing of special in-shall have my reply."Two officers of the military household of hiea loving way, that may and ought to be thought- quantities of carbon required, it indeed produces awho superior metal for cutting tools aod some otherbut not a word was written, nor was any un- rolled. Theirinterviewwassimplyaconveria-govern bis empire, and upon his rights over the na- tions subject to his authority.from Count de Grunnx but not a word was ex- ;key-note is found in these words" The best Gothic architecture. Indeed, wherever itgrave questions which had led them to tikeThe Prince, with great precision ofentered into explanations, at once clear and frank,peror new and numerous proofs of the fact.arms, and discussed, with frankness, thethe idea whichmeaning the Emperor of Austria did not appear to understand. The with of the people implied that all Lombardy longed for deliverance from the Aus-At o'clock the Prince saw the 7Jofbuilding was too nuaule, no portion too obscure, to be perfectedwiththoroughanacarefullibor.Tliework was not let out by contract, or taken up as a profita-ble The architect of a cathedral might live all job.pro^^ ia constantly improving, the Americaiu certainly having the advantage In the raw materiaL And itOn the Stli, alter an in-andterrible than it has been thus far, and will draw of two centuries concentrated themselves thsItaly,by the King of Sardinia.terview of three hours, the conditions of the armis-tice were arranged. dinia"—both will sides,allmpre conss-splendidcomplete—observation of the perors has been frequently described, and M. DS the very question which bad brought the two Ern-after theit, by generalpointsessentialtorsnewedpeacebetweenthetwo upon Empires.sug'gestedthese whose words,EmperorhiswithhisAid,thaCommandantBaoom. Whenheup principallanguage,;flag guard,Sutes. pointshadbeenconceded. Itonly"ty will permit me to say how very urgent is a not deem iptresence to enforce in to him remamed to secure the thud, which was the real merit of Mr. Nobton's book is to be found in his for Mr. WAiNWBlOBT'g Muse ruiu her Urthe Emperor Napolion would profoundly regret. city, and at half-past 4 it entered the court-yard vfould be entirely left to the doubtful chances of tivation in art, are the better able, if they be but"IhavejustlearnedthepresenceofFrench eftheAustrianhead-quarters.the future. ThePrincewishedto train themselves in the of right waySo far from the hack- merelyfollowing"all the dispatches relating to the troops on that island," said the Emperor, and IThe aid in attendance, learning that Prince Na-polion had to fulfill a commission from personalwilling, thequestion. Hereviewedinsuccession-weigh- thinking.As wmr.eoBtenIa of these volumes, or attempt to make On ({Uitting his Majesty, Gen. Flidbt was theany complete renuni of them ; we shall content object of the most parked adentions on the part o' His Majesty affably tendered his hand to the any other nation to intervene. ers npon works of art is generally woitUsss, The manufacturers has done much to restore the bal-appendixwheel of American — enterprisescientific discovery and engineering skillgreatlyregretthatIdidnotoccupyLosaini. To- We cannot enter npon any fiill analysis of the morrow, then. General."andrejecting them formally—all the interven- neyed phrasesofMr. NoBTOBthe disre ef gssJ•aneivss, thersiore, with merely indicating their Marshal Hiss and the officers of the military Prince, and led him to his private room.specially upon the consider- far In ations connected whh the Duchy of Parma. Bo- Italy,a ance of power and and is ^estfaiied to progress,gmml scope and character. At the ontset, U- household of the Anstrian Emperor. Count oaB* BAXAjrcoCBT states briefly the causes of the GKiniNX desired to yield to him his chamber forthe Emperor of the French to the Emperor of ingpoints—the ac-possestion,sance was a very important point for the tranquilli-CMditioa in which Italian afiairs had been placed and the Prince of Hoheslobx, aids of the Em- expression of satisfaction stole over the counten- mmded the Emperor of Aus riathat the Duchy of sooidlDg words and unmeaning phrases.War, presenting tho abnormal and unsatisfactory the night, and with extreme courtesy Count Clam projected peace. As he read the letter, an evidentiron sndithas been found impos^le in this (Sty, dminKthe past Winter, to secure the first dollar towaidathe establishment of a Une of radically improved•Wf Ae treaties of 1816, and giving a clear state- peror, only left the General when assured thatance of theParma was placed in a peculiar position, the Duch-There Is a great want of a good artistic guide-book for Italy. Kcolu's work on Italian Art Is the onlyone that to approaches whatMM"young sovereign. " I am delighted," said he,ess not being an Austrianaf the endeavora of the Emperor NAPOLaoH>both he and his aid were supplied with everythingwhich Th?ir conversation was pro- theyrequired.longed far into the night.In the morning, at daybreak. Gen. Flktbt re-ceived a visit from Prince Ricbabd MrrriRNiOH, whom he had known at Pails, and had a long con- versation with the future Ambassador from Vien- na atthat the Emperorprincess. Bybut German In his dullness, and notions a!xiut art. Lordly—gathtion,thorongblyperIn suchty of the States of the King of Sardinia, he re- pretension, and how eadly they are deeeived by wealth—cheapHapoleon accepts my proposals of peace ;the of Kingisneeded,but I have grave remarks to make upon the writingwhich you have brought me."Theee words at the outset showed clearly that aserious diacusiion was at hand.The Prince entered upon it without preamble,asking the Emperor's permission to express him-with the and to use in the utmost frankness,KcoLsx IsIn many of SisLniSAr's Christian Art, and Mrs. Jahssob's LegendaryarrangementsoftheTreatyofVienna,whichhad Idtheirscopetoserveasgulde-booxs,besidesbeing directionjoin."well,greatabiding- createwouldremainforthemight pleni-izationpotentiaiies to resolve.of and Modena to their States. Tuscanymuch embarrassed, and to increase the numberless—diate amount of carboniitalo Ysrona With anBBpenaof AnsttW The Emperor then explained The village Of Villafranca was fixed upon as the temporal power of the Pope. The language pro- The Prince then said to the Emperor of Austria that Italy is once more in the pathway to peacefulthat is todifficulties which already existed in regard to thebefore it is iron.To stop theof the mostto tarn aside to afindhimself compelled to recommence the war atmakes tbem over to theperors into collision, and would, therefoij;, natural- ly awaken thoughts in the breast of thethepeople, gaveKing of Sar-front, and the true cathedralarchitecture vrithin—the and combinationwithsomeformofcarbon. Andsincepainful Emperor of Austria.and thankfully read, even by those of usare destined never to see anything but the lath andterest to the accounts with which theready familiar. Their conversation lasted aboutan hour. Pens, ink and paper had been prepared, to be an attack upon the inviolable principles wliich Towards 7 o'clock the Prince received a visit plaster structures of our domesticpublic is al-" people" appearedMajesty came to keep his Imperial Highness com- pany during the repast which was served.fullyhigh-reforms into his necessary States,importanceretnmed toperoT myrelationsandtheallieswhohaveremained tographletter.and cedelawM mostmusicallyandmdaneliolyofPresidency of the Pope in the Italian confederation.Thesecondwasthecessionof annexed to the Kingdom of Sardinia.Lombardy, non-mtervention. for the return ofthonghtfnl American,thewith KxATS that love and lovers are the sal)' tMewithoutanobject. Withnon-interven- tion, the restoration of the Dukes to their Statesespeciallyoughtstipulated that this branch of the Spanish housepersistentlyof Bourbons shouldParma, after the life sovereignty of the MabiaLoi;isa. Uoreover,'inthemorninginter- view between the two sovereigns, it had been coa-TOK Emasuxl.theturn of these sovereigns,—but you cannot supposeor that we can, m any event, permit the intervention of the forms of of those of your Majesty. Knowing the disposi-wide thefeel for the great masters. Who that has wander-Emperorat once what I could do, aad what were the limits " fanned by the bright wings of bis angelsfor the purpose of leaving to tha negotiations al- morning,ready in progress, the possibility of ending the of the concessions compatible with my honor and has some battalions of Italian troops which have of Heaven is In t&slr countenances. No spot of provementcapture of Tenke, and for this the most precise peror himself to designate the place where its if you have a public opinion to consult, I have one to reinstate himself in his Duchy. As for the pictures as those of the'laatruCtions had been and were to already given,also on my sidecause it is I who am to make all the sacrifices."Grand Duke of Tuscaay, I do not believe that itwill be so difficult for him to establish a un- goodthat, In some retired coiners of the earth. Faith stillformed a compact line, extending along the Uincio might at once be advised of this suspension ofconditions should be drawn up.His Majesty, after sealing the letter he had so;had her place." abidingcompetitorsin bothenterpiiashave been put into immediate execution. Pes-ddera was under the cannon of the Sardinian kindly read to the General, then handed it to him Napolxoh, " I propose to vour Majesty that we•xmyX In front of Versna the army of Nafolkor the wish that the fleet in the Adriatic expressingone the different articles of these by one,settle this grave question : let us confine our- selves, then, to the statement that you will not op- pose the return of the Dukes."mines never produced, in its adaptedness to tha of and instruction to those who shall hew manufacture, and at the earliest mentkn ofpreliminaries."6om Caatelnovo to Pozzolo, and composed of five arms. Gen. Fleitbt promised to do so, and at The first paragraph, that the two Sovereignspleasureeorjis d'armie and the Imperial Guardthe fleetonce wrotethe Vice-Admiral Roman Dksfossxs,principlefollowed manufacturers to their credithad takenhad received oxders to commence the attack upon Venice, on July 10. It waswbile afiairs were in this coodition that the Emperoi determined to propose • suspension of hostilities. There was nothing in the position of the Austrian Emperor to render it;possessioncertain that he would assent to it, leaolved to make the attempt.andbut Kapoliohof the Island ofbe itdid not:tothat an armistice had heen agreed upon, and that hostilities were to be suspended.Gen. Flbdky soon after left Verona for Valeggio,no mention was made of it inaccount of the Home for Boys, founded in Rome inthethe best sort all show that Mr. Norton has looked as well for the good and hopeful elements of Italianup bywho,the results of theirLossini,said,product by a premature parade of its advantages. After two years' practice, after numerous and com- prehensive trials, and after every assurance tiiat a tinifotm quality of semi-steel could be inniiaiied,they have only recently advertised to supply it.A brief mention of the nature and mannjhetmeof semi-steel, aa made at the Albany Iron Vorlcs,"To-simplifythe discussion," replied the Princeexamine,the Vatican, may serve to open anew a real sourceand it is all the more be- exactingnot withoutThe description (at page 62) of the frescoes of natural advantages. In the bills of Ifew-Boglsnd"would favor the formation of an Italian Confede-ration," gave rise to no observatiiin, for, the prin-Thus the of non-intervention was hereafter travel in Mr. Norton's footsteps. The the improvement, it was practicallyb^^andthe States of the Church" the word necessmry wasofthe wordthe separation of the Legations from the other States,character,;pass from Lucca Empressprae- abuses of natos*— elements at work which an- dea- tined to drive us unto reform and improveneBtcsded, in principle, that the of Parma constitute ourvelves Duchycess of my familyarmistice has been concluded until the I6th of them in tbe prelicdnaries arrange this matter as traordinary power of criticism, Mr. Nobtoh shows pose especially:worthyAugust;—but after this delay. Sire, the alliedis resolved to the war with thearmy push greatestand most absolutestill more formidable than have yet been brought "that an intimatetoryfulour own day, have fitted him to discourse thought-into line, and will frankly into its ranks all acceptdena and As for Tuscany.the allies who may offer toThe Prince entered sharply into the very heartboth of the and crea-AbworkacoDtpleteandnaaccountwhichU.diBazajtcoitxtgivesin tered,and,desiringto himnew ofhis whichtheselastwordsproducedupontheyoung Sardiniawilloffernomaterialobstacletothere- ofallwhoareartistsatheart,andofthepictures stantiaUythesameprocessusedinprodacingI cannot cede her estatesthe great masters."Without specially clmnung for himself any ex-you liketbe cession of this territory to the King of Sar- dinia.":The Prince then thus summedThe Allied troops have—say nothingup conquered:studydegeneracy"tems and manufactures, from the largest engineer-todeserves notice as a to the lover of art inhelp Italy," Alt r<votr, Priiaee meet as foes."tobe fruitsofaThen came the question as to where the Plenipo-were named ; theEm-of Zurich, which reditary evils and dynasties inflicted ftom abroad throughtentiaries could meet.the Ptince rejected every German cityperor (Francib Joseph) spokethe state of which has an steel,lively regret, Sire,scholarly,picturesquethe ofthearmistice—awar expirationon the ofthefamousandbeautifulbuilding cathedral,be, beyondquestion,stilloutbreak of all thataieincalculable."of itsglories gleamingMany places;::I hope we sliaU not againbe and enjoyed in its fnllnaai aad appreciatedonlyA few seconds after, the carriage with the Im- entirety, and to the reader most be left a hrgaperial arms of France bore the Prince Nafolbob discretion of praise, even than that wUek wa kvi*last point would forever de- ful and loving way in which, he points oat that from ccstssy to despair.frankly to reach the heart ofguide-books,Austria, introduced bis Imperial Highness into a tions possible, even those of Naples and Spain. out their defects in a very emphatic passage.salooa, which the Emperoi of Austria soon entered. France, not intervening herself, could pot permit " The character of th^ criUcisms passed by travel-tive snd untiring energy of our eogiDeere aodBis then to Fbab- Imperial Highness presentedcib Joseph the letter of the Emperor and the pa-which contained the several articles of theEngUih,helptravelers informingItaly.of the admiration of travelers,worthyThe Prince insisted specimens given In Murray, Uie only good handbookhow little sccaracy and good secse are in general re-how to production of those twin agents of civilizatiao and quired criticism, readily people yieldtosidesthefactofactual and'thatPlai- judgmentInregardtofamousworks.Isastrikingproof placethiscountryatthebeadofnatiimsinthatreaties Sardinia had even a right of reversion overpartoftheseStates. Itwas antoo cumbrous and expensive for the majoritv of trav- railwayelers. In American literature itiere Is nothlnft that those systems and processes which a battartravelers, helppamtingRhave yet to learn that some previous knowledge Is to The public is aware that many American sys-be acquired before one cuibeajuoge even of the ex-"there be no question of the Dnchy of Parma ia cultivation, but the heart aad loteUect as well, by ing constructions to the smalleet prodoeta efVery well," said the Emperor of Austria,these preliminaries. The Duchess is not a prin- those who woald understand and enjoy the works of Yankee areletternals of art ;that It Is sot the eye alose that needsacquaintancewith the Italian His-andtions of art that must ever make;andderstanding with his people. Moreover, if theItalian Confederation shall be estabfished, it will Fba Angelico, in the Chapel of Nicholas V., in and New-York was lying an ore such as Britishmorally recognizedthe preliminaries, for the purpose of not giving to tbe Emperor of Austria and his allies the moral force which might aid the restoration of the Sove-hopes earth d ms the ihinmg colors of their robes. Such foreignsurveyingthis boond-grandeur, beauty"Very well," said the Emperor, rising, "you lavish costliness of the whole—these are all told in it expels more imparities, and better adjuata thsto cede that to " Is this final ?" asked the latter, after having cathedral. Of all the arts, architecture Is the most bury haa 68,900. This semi-steel is wananlad tobut / carmotthe wish of the people, which I regard as another " Yes," replied;words, if you choose, in your treatv with the King ment."b« cent, at least, not Such was the feeling which gave birth to the only preserving the required strength, but, in case;A map was spread out before the Emperor, and psperby "Duomo," while allvrithoutsult The Prince ended it by saying :shall submit serve complete.present ^pearaneee; h^s desired.to Isading anyprovinceread it.reeogrnze " fhequickly responsive to the Instincts and the desires of sUnd a pull of 90,000 to 100,000 pounds to &e apeople. TheUfeofthemiddleagesIsrecordedonthe walls of the cathedrals. The Intellectual move- square inch. Much of it bears 102,000 to 10S,W0. ment ssd the religious excitement of tbe Twelfth Now we see its advantage. The weight of btdier- centurv found vent in two extraordinary and utterlypropose to address to the Italian peopleobliged stand that I, the Emperor of Austria, cannot con- stances of the case I do not consider myself au-wtiichthe liberty of coining Summer another traveler will see, as Mr. ble details of machinery for preserve—to do done for the cause of nect with them." thorized sothe modificationsIt is evident that the restriction which FsAjrcii Majesty has thought necessary to make in the copyphraseconcerned,andthestandEmperor, and be able to discuss the question au-thoritatively with the Emperor of Austria. Tbe " I csnnot," said he, "evacuate the stronghold " I give your Majesty my word of honor that to- its great design, and to leave to plan, his life *'"^''?fhaW ihe matlrisl which it isperson thoroughlyTbe Emperor of Austria at once placed the dis- France."soon entered Verona. It was more ^^"opstPr ef the French informed his cousin, as which my army occupies aad keeps in its posses- morrow morning you shall receive this identical and illsilace and to conduct Gen. FLxnaT to the headalmostacontemporaryyears spent by Maitahi served only to carry out the main features of liis original to completesoon as the of Sardinia hal taken his leave> Kingsionperor placei,be admitted cussion upon a well-defined basis. " Sire," replied the Prince, with a loud voice,of the Em-ofart the ;outinvolved the question of tbe fortresses. being certain that they willbyhistoryfortynothing less than aaer- prospective advantt^ another greatmyhonorforbids. Ifthealliedarmyhad paper, with or without the signature takenPeschiera,Icould understandthattheEm- peroroftheFrench."iamoas in art, but made sedefinite re- cede one of my most beantiftii provinces. of them have found there the best away manyhe said with viaibleThe discussioa "It is a great sacrifice which I nuke, thus to were drawn to Orvieto to aid in its completion,security the monu-off tmdar hit car-wheda,retains the ino natnre >alEels&nT to weld soundly. Bemi-sted is alraady in coomera-my Sovereign,fiteed<a> of decimon vrithout com- these preliminaries will suffice to reach ue end capital Uttle book,these obsereations toUntitled Documentthe brief notice ofits ina. Semi-steel is made to contain varloas degnaa of carbon, as its uses may require. It may lawmhla cast steel in hardness and strength, or It may par- Orders had been given that at 8^ o'clock, the cuted It were moved by a true fervor of rellgioos take more of the toughness and other character-changed upon the grave topics which had been theobjectEmperor.Austria enter his room." I bring you my reply," said Francis Jobxpb,is that likelyimprovedfluxes andi iltlun irisalpreturn to Valeggio the Emperor sum-departed once, mons snd the Municipal Councils afforded the Em- " You do not sufficiently appreciate the sacrifice imagination to a reality. Catbedials were essan- it is a sure and wide improvement over aiuughtUponmoned the Prince Kapoleok, whose head-qaarters trian yoke. This was the unanimous cry of allwere at Balionze. The Prince at hearts; and every day addresses from the Com- said Piince Nafolxon.arrived thedinia, and was conversing with Iiis ally of the in-terview he had had tlial morning with the Em- treaties. them I hold Tximbardy. I am wil- in his hand.EmperorKingof Sar-"For my part," replied the Emperor oJ Austria, with animation, " I know only the right written inEmperor.And he gave the Prince the paper which he held"but I cannot modif)- my first propositions."his Ufe within the shadow of Its rising waOs, and dieto theiron for the majority of nses. That is deeraM good wrought iron which has a tensile stieagth of"Imusthavenoricherthanwhenhe thesketch gavebut he wasultimately adapttheprodocthighestbutawhich I make in ceding Lombardy," added theproved, then,poor advocate,";«illandtheexpense prohibits .faith. In buUding a church they did not forgel that ttwss to be the Ilouse of God. No porttan of their istics of irpn. Both here and abroad the:builders.Tljewillwell repaid by seeing his design growing f.'Om an possible capacity of the metaL Jtst asMalaada,Cathedral of Orvieto »robbing abradingbeen found relating to it bears date the 22d day of much larger percentage of durability.gaged Therestoring of thement of river,and a far •°,.«» nhrainedin historyoneofthemosaicsofitscanal and '"^K" ""''toTnelTulurst'Teng'th,however pr r|tlabor and studydurabUity,oCalreadycircles for whcwe edificstiott or •ntoj^ttaaiaatastliecaselightly over the whole gamut of tbe tenderiron. Thain England, of semi-steel, or what is calledmanufacturers wereMonk of Fleaole' prove less field with renewed hopes. But they vrero;^to the honor of LxTTEB-prejudicepurposes;bUltyIliaiiiaNdoear of the newhopes,laybe^ 1,maoychesp power. Aitlwaghadheresto v€ maajmagmtude, an^of speomi-netf-i^d i» IhaS|iid taadr^Maasea but not their oeat^>BM aMelAiaf ;y^anfcaefc- www.fultonhistory.com 