 r aoowwbktS^K'of Falenno and of tbe CoDca d'Oro, (loldbrake its andAmericsn officers boa We Uttitod Stales steam- paued round the jaw, and provided with alara^eM. ^*b* looking oo foTieome timft aisept hi* word, and his shlik 'y& diot since; but Ittat on the c<"aaddle fonned to fit on the to enter the camp. '^ he had -likawise.glTen vertebra of my lean blsck charger. A blanketAa&icommandiBg tha eofauan mSi to come over if hi* rank waa>teemedtohavebeenwas, however, found in due tbne, and on the^em«ipSote^nh^trieol^iaiitinuesshellthe fertile plain in which the town uo».itretchee oat in • northweeterlr and ship Irofueu,no which withoiitwUeh haewasadowadtook four or fiveS^^"*SC"'.^' «'"',«»» dolm npon ft for aome nuldly in compaririy dlnction, which b Ukewiie followed iaadRoiar e wee bj the m«win««iti chain. A-* them anofficer I Iheabknd as-fslda^ joinedweS^ Vv^ d""°S t""r mu^^.""'*°°^ "t '•* of the G'by gnerillas,bis sMi* rojd cut ol^ snd he hasaconSZtiArn I caa jsdga, the plain mar be about twalresaunteredtowards th* nsigbto and tlie of theto the whole I cannot Theexplain. toad to the""'''*'«^' Tertnini Is the VecchU taihcakHaonlder the ahtadqB) r,gof- to '^"^-^SETSehSh roBdrkHTL and cIo»e to theTinea, and dlflerent sort* of grain, which all the moootains, with their rugged points naturally«» raw Iwmiiantly in aplu of tlie stonr nature of of a reddbh tint, seemed to luve drnnk In the rays ^.SS"il!1* ''"•JKlitaHSM^M^arnned, manlflcew momtain, loonng ^rSwoniWeefaaasliaetfntMpaak*-n— r—«- mto ttepMa.uid oiiowiotit atioope. Bot two hours before this was effectedImt it was loraly to firing iar^e I3-lnch ahells, redhot and shot,».v w TMJ? to boNeapoUtan eoninuiden theia taomUpk JB^ In the 4MW dlMcBML •• the ada chabi.wa« fragiant with Bnioc flowan, tha jietfiime ofI«B • edwaal aMle^ the tetnced enlttration help- However, a popular General ha* te yield at timesdoor I saw.m^i^IWment,greatfCwAHifla, aU canawl aby eolvaatf' to kaaAtllNUiaeka. Whenand so be could not them preventoftheafiMn, ymwhere the MeasOUtam haw a htattba,— Hadonna del Grazle, are armed,' and from throwing over it a blanket. tut»;JSmt traJPaieo itndloolt at theChtmcetoof^JSwHMr d*(leada4' aal w.gei pos-to isolsia,«adftnn another amphitheatre, more mzged or blanket. AU around were picketed the horses. clear and bright attove onr heads, giving a new ed. If the object of the NeapoUtans was to in-pos- large, session of the town, whether he was well provided OARiBiLora immediate foUowsra na to* lisw towith ammunition, snd all kind* of other be sent every where, and too precious to be ex- indiscreetquestions, which 1 answered in my best dlpUmatic posed except in tha greatest necessity. Thus it isttoala oa the highroad into the intsrior and though still suffpring from tbe shot in the arm,and lentertained him with accoimts of the bom- tortunstely. bUze away as they do. a couple ttbardment, showing nim the traces of it, and ex- hundred cartridges would not be sufBcient far on*patiating about the of and the of them. I really think they are worse ia this t».figore tbe of the " civilized" na- speet than the Bashi-Bazouks. Well, the amma- representativesroyalists made a move in advance, one party of the of the PictcoUi fell back in one of tha street*, and thus^ om;to Calwfa.' the Oeb-el-Boeso falls off towards received in last year's campaign, yet always readyMooraile, he lelt a of the native par^exposedl This is ouradvantageIin these street say they are Bavarians. Whether their presenceinsurgents to keap up the fires and engage the Neapolitans, 'Wliile he took off the mass of the force, and, by an; fights thelast themore increase theywill restore the morale of the remains to be seen.Neapolitan troop*theirspeedysubjection. Although HeapoBtan balletina are not much believed, yet" '"' '"'--'-•'it scon after. While these werewell asPicciotti forward. It was not so easy, in the be- through the street, waving their handkerchiefs vantage of this quiescence on the side of the event has not yet had time to produce its full V-pn^iialigfiringposts, al-practicable. Having,theia' isere many in the town whose heart sank tionof the troops he had brought with him, butthatwhentMT law GxaiB.ALDi retire a second time. Th^ tftle knew the man with whom they had to do, bor did the Neapolitans either—althougheicep-rough, undisciplined guerillas at his disposal, he saw that the best chance was to concentrate all his forces, and surprise or break through mainfect.^by they daght to have remembered Velletri. It was force. The operation was to be assisted by a gen-whenpossessionof somebarricades whichnculer pour mitux tauter. In order the better to eral rise of tbe people in the town.deceive the Neapolitans, he went back to Plana, Having sketched out his plan, he convoked the and sent bis artillery even further back, while he different guerilla chiefs and informed them of his hunself, with his chosen band, made tils way over intention. He told them that it was not his cus- tbe mountains again, and, while tbe Neapolitans tom to have councils ol war, but he thought it for followed his track to Plana, he had arrived, yes- once good to consult them, as upon the resolution terday mqrnlng, at Hiailmeri, on the high road to taken must depend the fate of Sicily, and perhaps Catania,'where he had given rendezvous to all the of Italy. There were only two things to be donechsia. coup de main, or else to withdraw and begin a I was aick of uncertain rumors, which alone regular organization in the interior, and form an ireie to be got at in town, and which would leave army. He, for his part, was for the coup de main, joor* reader* in darkness abont the true state of wiiich would at once settle the fate of the island. things. .Resides knowing a little of the gallant He told them to be brief in their remarks and notsees a movement in any part of the town down scarcely inferior to the best firearms, I never saw the spot, were embarked in boats and taken across 'order was given to retake the lost positions. A eomes a shell. If it were possible to miss, I daretochieftsias or captains on that side the mduntain —either try and get possession of Palermo by aiEve-ry one put himself, therefore, to work to lead and troops in the Castello and the Piazza Beale was dislodged the Royalists. Half an hour aitorwards these narrow streets. The houses are, for the urge on the Piciotti, driving them out of the sbel- thus cVil off. Lieut. WiLMOi called again. The Commodore had most part, so badly built that one shell is sufficient ttred places by all kinds of contrivances, and often The next news was that the troops which had sent his answer, which was to the effect that the to make them a heap of ruins and bury the in- by blows and main force. Alter some trouble most been posted in Monreale bad been withdrawn to- two Neapolitan Generals asked for the protection mates. Whole families have thus disappeared, oi tbem were safely brought through the open wards the town. They were seen descending the of the British flag iri their passage through the and hundreds of inoffensive people been killed andODet^faifecn ntma w&bout than uom inside the town, so I about tbe want of ammunition for their men.which like was is, bridges over torrents, high, andaugmentuigstationed there by several thousands. This scat- tions were at an end.negotia-was thattietetniaed to'see whether I could not get there. They were told, lor the hundredth time, that itin this instance exposed to a heavy cross-fire fromteringof theRoyal forces was oije of the mostTheimpression gained bythis answerThe firstday Gabibalpi addressed a protest totn tlie town indicated thecaniagaof oneofthem. Cie road toHessina,start-higfiiaathe Marina and the Tilla Giulia at the ly their approbation of the plan, and were dismiss-end oflt, skirta the sea as far as Abate, where ited with the injunction to animate their people andThe Parliament of Great Britain is assembled, which runs down to tbe sea just in front of the along tbe road from Parco to Piana, as they cargoes in the Cnstello, went off, one ol them tow- let it take the matter in its hands. If a convict Porta di Termini. The Neapolitan fort at the thought, in pursuit of Garibaldi. ing a gun-boat, and the other two merchant ves- who has committed manslaughter of burglary be-imiles with thenia. I was advised to take thisin their GiaiBiXDi, th.- toon to this road ;,„dThe first idea was to make the attack in thedreds ofral attack. I must say it looks to me rather like ^ defencelessto revenge hlms^ ofnavy,what with the stratagem of the southeasterly side in gen-—middleofthenight theNeapolitansdon'tliketostir at night, and there was every chance of a pan-but there was some that dangerAdjutant-General,Col.TpRR,themovementwastohavebeenmade leaderwaswoundedbyashot,whichshatteredhis lelt knee. Otherwise the loss bad been trifling. While the avant-erade and the Cacciatori chaseduD'ns, and commodious in The the every respect.town itself.people impoietce ue««rves 10hi«hcourage.way,promisedspared.Thisobjec-again and proceed, the avant-garde had position Monreale, they the town The two steamers had sent from 4,000 to 6,000 men there. They shelling yesterday.chased back the Neopsliians to the airadone had another body quite equal to this disposed with troops, after landing five boatfulls of theirand I set off in thewhatever could betion being waived, all expressed more or less loud-road to MIsilmeri andlast,andNeapoUtans had paid little atten-keep uptheirPBIPABtNO rOR ATTACK.They requiredgate, considerably reinforced, opened a hot fi:e, a strong garrison in the ciisoel and on the road to sels. The general impression is that they medi- comes an opprobrium in the eyes of men. surelyavenue of houseslong tbe Mole, so that comparatively little remained for tate a landing ot the rest somewhere, and a gene- the bigoted idiot who massacres in this vray hun-Cata- as the least Infestedbysoldiers. Whatwiththeirconfidence«tKl a post ol a ^cre of men a littlein tbe oerro» buildmg, were nil that w,.r» in ,^o was thought best to make such arragements asaretroi'be could have been known at Naples. They¥s«8BiT, Slay 2»— Morning.from the Palace with the RoyalJMUIU,I^ighborhood of the town, s"n.^V|fn<rtfaSe for distance up ,somesnn' tries, and in the vicinity of the bridge a pust of petI them without passedsent off beforeseem undecided what to do under tne circum-over a Uttle stream or torrent called flow*intotheseaaquarterofa(jiileAll along these houses there was a chain olthey might easily Thereiscom-goinghap* 80 men who furnished these sentries. joiBiNO THI lasnEaxjiTS.to the Palermit- wise more moderate in its exertions. spot,tanThe bastion ofof which he woold be the mediator, if you alloir*dtownthaAccordingto_thenr»tdithepeoplehadjoinedthe ground^'^"*'e to leadlitansthePianadiBorazzo. Inorderto thatis everythinggoingon. Thismorning,Mr.lias, besides, its water and its provisions eatthere is no doubt that it will soon be brooght to reason.tWnawaa a aind of neotral5TM"«?iJr. *''«holdingavert this danger, the"" the bands to behind th*off,so;<wa^ wUeh sadsd in a village beyond Abate, thetquadre it as ahigardenwalls which Commodore called on board the Hannibalarmistice wasto »''«e'^ °o,'«iof the village one of their armedlaaa far permia ion to be amy guide, tilingral of the national gaining gronad every moment. on board the Hanntbal•aliiih a«actly suited me. As we <&ove th*^iliaffathepeoplerushed tokifomyItaau,askedmeforarms. Theywer* 11 taidy to jetn, bnt had no arms, which did not'* Ihem raWng shout* for Italy, Yioroa Eif-T.ll *!°." !"*> company of the Cacciatori Aloi,wereformedintoanatanteeard!tco\^f^A •"•*"ouw.i.d.e of,.it .to , , J*"*."'ragg'e"^<iP«»e<f withtheigallopoffinof the road beforemoat critical thing was decidedly the himseU putcollar the individu*!.sodSiiaiaiuu. WehadtoMF^iLI^H'/K 's- n?"-avanle.^ard!ca likewise. A.tThe La PavoriU, Monreale, Pareo, as well as the dis- very next" !Vr not to be at every Adriveofhaif stopped step.they could But th.)but to an endanarmistice,the or-mmt9 in a geatie desoent, with aUj Vmrntk^mAbeniHui monntain scenery in fhrnt "Vtoatolhttmm of Mldlmeri, a wretched ' akMBther waatiag i> character. InbyGabibaldi sentand this in the continued shelling, but tried to take SdvantageI/nepssummit of theThewent.I anar* MdIb forms a kind ofthought followers of Garibaidi held out one of the men tosuperior persuadehis commander of the citadelOB dM other,some woodenfiring. messagenoon and begin the armistice,h^o^ an hour bemto.upof tbefiring of the Kespoli- Commodore to General Garibaldi. The Commo- While I was with the General a letter arrived gunUntitled Documenton.o^ A to'l'T,fi,'|'4"Te,S?„°;would bring the force at dawn to the gates of thetown. According to the original and better plan Hungarian, and three of the guides were the first of the General hiniself and his across tbe sandbag barricade in the town, but the.,night passed quietly—so at least I am told, directed to Gen. Garibaldi:oat en one prwiaioiiallsovemment,Today they not only tried;bridgeaidersThe orderbands gradually worked their way towards the1fortheout straight to sea, but in the the Com-Not a shot has modore's vessel was seen to the, in tbe direc- east,furtherother. Theytroopsthe catas- _, Ihe()v°rto wh rh luriiBr oAs tbe Brttlah Adaiiral lethaUy boand to Solento. At the very gates of tne ^srcrown:rwr.=l.'i;^I'^':'|^°"„^,«straggiing yetBxceUeacyletter the answer was,i sae, and passed some American-«"nH of tbethree timeson shore to communi- the 32-ponnder isofficers, proba- insurrection,butto make them To thisstep. Thefort balsiwouldhavenoobjectiontomeetbetweenttieWmL;';rwe°order was to some of WiLLMUT bad another mission. The Neapolitan givenCommit- fixed out-the example promisedis probsbly a feint, while their real Intention isto operate on the opposite side, where their shot Gabibaldi,u. ^u enthroned the Chief of the Staff of QiBt-quarteis did not take much time • It soon afterths nek of OlbralUr, bat not^r^^*-TliiarockfonnstheBtatharalimitol BjIii'Bexpoditleo |simiti*»aitmoptUwAoy. mounteddponcamp followedthetroop*.Iwasdidnotaeetaiagleman Inirdiin 'Col;SiBTou wss just givbgja pass fenag regular Soainama; with a halteravenaro«|id«l. i'iccMJlM fflto*«pKei5««»ei^Colonel there waa inclmedW* wuidstta nwtaa* loath, and from foil r to fire In GebealooBDoslseoftbehind up*astshe few Meziagnah.ouse* which alongapais gigantic cactas hedges, thoroughly Eastern character to theBmM ICoote bad remalaing givespiE'"",..''''!?* ^"I*"^Tif~l °n ""^el-plMe. This was the firstwounded, ttaii^The doe* not propo**!Srsetfai width. BatwMn the Uolated ffMS|S»«>il tba iwt tf the chain the plaintbe of the ieudal castle to the left, therains conotry.It waslookingspite magnan-2ihuggtaTi tice, to stop bis career of Tietory. and to allow the to havenew generals to pass tluongh A* town. Vay, b* dis- pendence.masses which de-nmi andsunsetwhen we arrived atfor tha Oen.OAKnAlDi.withbis nsnslinwhite iimaatooe wall* of which had in the sossethingawe couldsee thebeyond,these Sicilians to tiiis,plabelotheaHdlnZL 5Srwhich *ugg**t aaturaUy your pitehlng your tentlook apoo.In order to entertain the KeapoUtans with theIdea that all was safe on that side, the usual larg*firea weVe kindled on the top* of the motmtalas, trived to destroy a great number of houses m theandunderneath, or, to in- of the large shells were sent tight into the hospital, position pethapa,'""**•«° *o haad-guartars. IwereOatOiey diannbarfchig UMirL—Hon- there that ia, if yon have one. The word tent issible Aboat dsmage.noon or eo the ships in the lur-quarters bi thelKtelof theto* Porta del Orad.—greattroop* b*fa«« raonint sadisms,BaMBAjfc^^eTMiyhfnm 9? eraaed from the of QiBiBiLni. ipv^nfiln Mraia a kind of amphitheatre nulltary dictionaryboropoHd their fire, and between the two con. theywK,!ffr ^ oPP«>'« to the French Consulate.to hisafttn to protniae into the from slicking into the grouud four of the lancescan aea on the aloiwa two white tU- with which the [squadron who have no musketsthe aitemoon there wa* soumwho Immediately presented to m'e the^tler^n towards the Plana B*al« and to {faa left of k.it ends,andsoldiers,and after onr by men left kept up Icmg aeparturspsrttown, killingwoundinglarge^l^S^Zafiiumno, and In the lower de- where there is danger; Col. BixiO, another trustyCtfatiadiehiihraad from Palermo to Catania. aJTnftft parallel to the road on the aea-ehorefollower and well-known officer of the Cacciatorino chief knowing his men, and the fire, the Commodore sent a message to all politeinfamy it, pitiable;see that themil iiiilili eepecially with wrist, received at Calata Fimi, and the son of tangled mass almost impossible to unravel. How-tions played in the whole affair. Thus we arrived nitioB beieg exhausted on that point just a* theCoL Ci rim, the bravest of Sicilians, aa Abate, and then cuts across to the south. likewise an officer of that corps, besides a number^iliaiimeiiifII I position,delle Alpi;,asVnm (hbdeAiiption you;wiUtana,ptMMBikig uie command of the sea, had all theat the Piazza Pretorio and found the Generalplatform large fountain. I presaated allowed then ^1*1* Fitpositions outside.TBI BOMBABCHXIJT AND OCCDPATIOB.my companion, who took Gabibaldi aside andin the name ofcongratulated him, his Government,Neapoli-BiLDi'a young son, with a shot wound In hisnpRoyalisU to abut In a street of house* in which another party of them were atill hol^di^arout.Gabibaldi -was at dinner when the news st-who waa weak in ait&larjr, and who was DisiKX MiKiK, wounded in the thigh. There was chiefly fDimldabla in the monnt^na. A general the ex-priest Gczmaroli, a Bomagnole, who has cencenfaation o! their forces in ttie plain was vowed the most enthusiastic worship to his hero, dclaniy Hidbated, with the single exception of the and follows him like his shadow, providing for his flataat^tHJonreale,whichisapositioninitself, comfort,andwatchinghispersoninthemomentever, by degrees those twlonging to the same chief found themselves together, and the march began about 10 P. M. Either the Sicilian chief- tains had never looked at the Pass of Mezzagna, or else they have curious ideas of the road whole is nothing but a track among big stones, crossing and recrossing the bed of a mountain tor- rent, leading over smooth masses of stones andon the success of his happy[jiiMjEvsinno.expedition, assuringof others, all brave like bim, among them Gabi-onMlMMBda the rOad from tlie interior to some of danger. There was a small cluster of guides,human nature.mCT or THE TIOTOBT OK THJ;bnt Capt. Nita. wha....The daadranlwe of liim who attackedmost of them of good Lombard families, meant towmmatdMiiL We Keepolltana, who had studied&>PBOPLTconld be no doubt aboutaeive on horseback, but n»w on foot, and the fore- «f the emitaliia, whkh makea all lateral com- most in the battle. Not the least remarkable Hmie&Smbetwoen tbe two loada almost impos- among all these figures was the Sicilian monk, iMa^ WMMt aar change of the attack implied a Fkate PiSTiLZOBx, jolly, like the picture of a monk of the middle ages, but full of fire and pat- riotism, and as brave as any of the others. He had joined the force at Salemi,and did his best to encour-its truth. Oae street or one house is no gtaat object in a town Bke Pklaiw fect on the country around. There is no end of mo, which has many more ot thea than caa ha9fa0imi>ljinciaaed by the difficult nature—all this at anlistened to.Some of the town will have to part*The taking of Palermo has had its ef- decidedly>» irian. 1IIIII folly awaie of these ad- BtaCMh-ana eanceutnted their force* in the;yetfhtuki occnpjias the plateaa of Monreale. age and comfort them. Several among the leading 9fni3being by degrees dislodged from aU their positions as Ban Marline. AU abont Piana ami CorlaoiM thl*. H* jumped np from hi* chui, sayiag * Wall,OanttSKDi eonld not naite hia forcea fai time to men from Palermo and its vicinity were llkewiaein the town, with the exception of the part aboutthe Boyal Palace and their line of communication they are swarming and skiimlsliing, so that thethen I Iauppose mtut go there my**!!" Hs sawfA«a|ie4ll ia gioat faice, and wlien he arrived in«k« liMiliiifniiii of tha fMr alter ergetic promoters of th* movement.it waa one of those moment* whan the ddef most in tbst direction is rather compromised. They be at the bead of hi* tro(9*tora*tore their eoK. they possess only the Castello Amare and the Fi- hoped to destroy Gakibaldi and his partisans, dance. He went down etair*, an^- took with kiaa'had oc-are a Tl0|&a[Oaiat«.FiB»i, uUng very•tf XNinO* coold odIt be affected with neat loss.atillIwDreale before theHaapolitanswith the Mole. In tbe lowerof the townpoaition, daya They the he aaw that the strange sight, indeed, in this by no meansnaaze, which is held by a or so of sol- companyWith that marrelotu aacendancy which he eisr-Bi^ tSnMnre, detarnhed to change bis" plans.But while thus the general march of event* U decidedly favorable, I must say the Palermitana(ttW wk* to sQTroand and watch all the t«a« MtUs tmipoM the diSarent tquadrioftbeBay*li*t*,bntBudstheia Ukawiaaltaa tlm to all there is no com- are acaicely up to the mark. They are all well- advantage they had gamed a mogunt befora.«fAaia^aoiBttaia wUcn eDCloae the baj. It wasaccounts,but are theytkftiimentt.toac «p ptMitionsall aroand theintentioned,and wantis most calculated to insure success.is no initiative or activity on theirand their sole occupation aeems to be to invent and spread rumors. Not a«MSjfcas HasM up at night, and mingled their redcollected round a common nucleus—presentvrith sendhig one or two shells every half hour,tfeamomiogvrithquarterOajii- of an hour passes without some fellow or not to himself he remabied'In thaorifeajfiteat aigbts yontheB edlived. Palermowasinastate Blpltiathadmadealmost one everynence. Tills Committee, the same which carriedhim held him up for a moment falling,of aif llianiail and ferment Imposaible to describe,aad Col. Turk, at bis side, got a ricochet ball against constituted itself as a Provisional Government, barricades with which the whole town is blocked his Isg as he took hold of the General anil dranod under the dictatorship of GiBiBALni. It has ap- up ; they will see the cavalry. But, although they bun by main force under shelter. Bnt the aSect pointed several Special Committees for the differ- are thus haunted by the royal troops, few seem to was produced. One rush brought the party elo*etae, wliift had maintained itself in spite of theGABIBJiLDI IN COtWOIL.ent branches of its operations, and provides as think that to doconld see when theirakettle with the larger part of a calf in it, and a t mill Hie pale Mpit of the mooiL They wers liberal allowance of onions, a basket with heaps of "'^Ibrthe.inhiMtanta Ukethe holy fire by fresh bread, snd a barrel containing Marsala. IlHMae, aad the sole occupation daring Every one helped himself in the most communistic the laM eight daya or ao seemed to be manner, using his fingers and knife, and drinking to ahqrre and comment on their Beaning. Now out of the soUtary tin-pot. It is only in this irreg- tkey•acmadmorestrongerononepeak, nowmore ular warfare that you see these scenes in their apntd and uouUuuoaa on the dope of another greatest perfection. The long marches and coun- MMmatahw and on the hooe kindled by these fires termarches, rains, fights, and sleeping on ground,smokingtopicture by MuBiLlo, with all those grand Sicilian aad strong enough to brave the state of siege mountains, not unlike those of Greece, forming awiiiehkaa been proclaimed. The Secret Commit- background such as no picture can reproduce.;present among them, with several and priestscolumn of 1,600 or 1,<00 men which has been sentmonks, who are among the most sincere and en-partbnt I assure their behavior yonproceadedto tak*the loet groaad.Cstholic armyhas been such that the wildest among these youths honor and respect them, and in them their order.Well, all this motley crowd, increased now bythe two American naval men, and soon youngpoint,;after joined by three British naval officers, wasremained and began itsone. Then the were satisfied Neapolitansthat generalcooperationwhich There part,tiim,andwxsns to communicate with Gabib^ldi, in spite«<' the miHtary anthorities. Tne Committee was pearance, and received his foreign visitors with atant-garde missed the road and insteadenough to throw one of Oasuii'gTigibaeasuspicionof thepolice, alvrays foundwants which occur they oughtsomething for them-whichknown to exist, and it circulatedalmort dally, bnt it was so organized that the po-of taking a which led into the by-road,wliich the people have been, very little preparationto meet an attack. It never ready occurs to them, as itcootinaaUy changed, and aU obeyed bUndly.listening or thinks heenade the streets eager for news andMTbeCommitteeinformedPalermo the same There was no doubt all night.skirted walls. As we by high gardento goodwillgossip. irregulars are decidedly improving. Theywaa to but it ready rise,Neapoli-considerable time with all theseon the it is not soprintedbulletinscould be made for theandbugle seems to set formidably on the nerves of the Nea-lice, aittoogh aware of its existence, could never theinvaiiably recurringof the monient—arms,asfaraspossible,aamiunition, ofthosewhobleedintheirpolitan troopsthey know thev have to do with;Soon aftermyarrival Gabibaldi made hisexpedition. ap- The Sicilian guides who were with thewell as for the possiblepros' always at Gabibaldi's side, sounded the charge,and the ran. The soimd of this Neapolitansthat charming; quiet simplicity wMch characterizes biro, lending himself with great complaisance tomanyevery moment. Considering the oppression under their houses and streets, and being alwaysdBstoiei the members. It was a kind of Free- and answering the numerous questions which have us where theitans were NeapoliGaribaldi'smen,andatCalataFimi raneven theyhave anchored, knd have begun to diembark them at the Castello tmder cover of the men-of-war,which have their broadside* turned toward*Gxkibaldi that Pa1«r-the information went to show that thehad lostsay,Thetha to bombard. This shows that thenor less than to venture on a de mam on coupandand as dawn was approacliing, we had to make haste, He accepted this condition, and made his plans ac- they had taken a feigned retreat for a defeat, and but, whether from fatigue or the impression of thetheimposed conditionare a gettingtown, readyNeapolitansto the have lost.tans had taken the bait thrown out forthem,thatfight-that he aiiould appear before the gates of the town. cordingly. Seehgthat he had come too late forsurprise the posts iu the lower and comparativelyalmoet incredible march along the mountain chain, ill-defended part of the town, to throw himself of Palermo. The syuadri, who ought to have where tbe guns had to be carried by the men, he into the town, and then gradually work his way known the locality better, began shouting and appeared all at once at Parco, on the road to Pla- from street to street. The two roads leading to " evvivating," just as if we had iieen close to the na,onthe13d. AssoonastheNeapolitanssaw thispartofthetownrunalmostparallel,andnot gates. Haditnotbeenforthisblunder,theavant-sayhave not frantic manner, but they are beginning to keep to regain ground theyIthebut game, hspe'the back of the towards the interior sending gunsas a sign of discouragement.The plan which GiRiDALDi conceived was toThesetroop*farfromeachother. ThatclosetotheFarco whate-cer they could muster of forcea with- was the least guarded, containing merely a com- of the Ammiraglhtto, and probably penetrated intobut all to run about the streets to hospitalstheir mistake they sent up in hoi haste towardsout expoeing their position in the town. They did pany or so, altogether cut off from all communica- the town without the loss of a man. As itmost demoralizing sound to an army in a populous no animosity against them, but so much Boyal palace, ratherthan to make an attack on tim in of all be prevailingnot thbik uiem sufficient. Tor, alter some skir-tion. The task would have been was, easier from this the shouting not only roused those on guard ontown, can, spiteup in fits and starts.which soon gets the better of all good dispositions.on thattheir aaelUoa on the lowerwithdrewto side had it not been for the fear of tbe march of a the but likewisegave an opportunitytoIt is the Southern indolence," spies, comvagni d'armi," a kind of local police, whoThe news from thecould not beinishlngday, theyagain the Pl-long column l)eing discovered, and thus an alarmbridge,countrybettor.the force at the ana Bataaie and Santa Theresa. The next given. high the in- of Termini, and to make all their dispositions for ahave committedplateaus,day, 3Ath, they got up sonle ot the troops from terior, was therefore chosen as the line of opera- defence from the flank.SCBPRtSE or PALIBMO.gatetroopsThe second, the road from lloiireale, and, thus strengthened, made another tions. It crosses, about half a mile irom the town,The town is and illuminated,attack-^<ne same I witnessed from on boardThe pnrpoee was gained tiad another openfrom the balconies, a havingatthosepopulation Italian flag. A Committee wasship. street to the stradone on this side of the chanca. Qaubaloi withdrew, leaving just a few town, and enters the town at Portidi Termini. At of the bands behind. These latter did not wait this gate the Neapolitans had made a sandbagUHing a innnbet of the peaceful Inhabitants, and all along the road up to the bridge and the out-Instead, therefore, ofthesurprising post suspmdedfiring;they gotof thebridge, the atant-garde was received by a well- pretty effect, rather heightened by the shells flyingformed, Tbe ceasing of the bombardment, or rather the and a national guard. The cries were, a* diminishing of it, has brought people out into the everywhere else, " Viva ritalia" " Vivttwoare called, entered both Madonna delle Grazie and The gtradont before it was enfiladed by a couple Parco the same ailemoon, and pillaged and burnt of mountain guns, placed at the gate of Bant' An- 4he place, according to _time-honored custom, tonino. Beyond the tiradone small forts extendedlong t»~ follow, and the"Begii,'' as the soldiersoccupied bycompanies.Palxbho, Hay 2B—Moraine. Fatigued as I wss I slept the whole mghtVittorio Emmanuellt," andViva. OTiMH."yobliamiif, as usual, next day a splendid bulletin, •motiAcilig.'tlie defeat of the bands of 6i.KiBi.LDiWith that d' ail which just coupnifbt passed quietly enough, a few random shots suspension of arms, the bombardment from the Instituting a committee, and arming itself The the Cacciatori was sent up, and as it did not ofandj„._. l ., .u just getting up morningthe route Del Ammiraglio, leads through a largebarricade, which was"The civil authorities were respected, and ahhoaghwortliyon the whole movement from the has beginning,solitary regiment;demands ofhas to be now under the providedduty ings cause. It.Is notj were naturalljr put to him. It was only after the 'brought just^ theone not a member knew more than one member. departure of his guests that the General resumed ceivled in time and repairi but not without con-provisions for the troops, hospital wants and ar- rangements, besides the great tact of satisfyingtobefore the took chargemasooiy, with different degrees of initiation. NoTlie heasea whete the meetings were held were business. The question debated was nothing more sjderable loss of tmie ^t jj^gj ^|jg columnother-they prom-place.The two steamers, which had troops on boardleadingrows of upBoaTtton iowudsgttihfalt tnSart<wehorsepitnaoltwith too mdirect w»y.np°" deSdedly.and yon Mlge"*" «>«1 »» fi» off than even thsfigure in aNeapolitan cavalry everywhere. ingposts were just on the other side of the bridge. which leads to the bridge. The First Battalion ofcertainly possesses, he has singled out this pointwith theP* position fast enough, the second was sent after was in tbe when I was had continuedof the town, which is still held the as by militaryas the mostback the attractedNeapolitans, every one did his best to drive the low. I looked out and saw two persons running vented the patriots from answering. Taking ad- before the taking of Palermo, the news of whichvance; that they ought not to waste their ammu-fewill.aimed shells. 'and the numerous bands bent on doing mischief,ment freshreportscame instating that the wholeferedirectlywithoutIt istopublicic them amongst;way likewise for the Sicilian insurgents, and italong the main road From broad Misilmeri,stillness thismorning.plsasore onboard of his vessel Canference wttL yoa,enough to admit of considerable development of the col-parativebeen fired from tbeand the citadel is like-tion of Termini, the very place where thetwo of my Genaials to op«B afrom^laiive captains, however, suggested the Pass of ans began likewise to stir, but, justice compelsthem through the Bass, I b«g you toletoteand bvnr, „,'' °'?.';i;""""*" shorter, The same scene aa at th*Pretorio, where theembark. Waiting for your answer, I have the honor to b*. LA.N2A.•^^ T ' '^tf-ifr'WS/aagrf)eyero^|?jTK gimtg, jHbcp, Itm 29, iteahavei it pratndM case of Meaiagna wen TMbte cioea a dapwsdton tbe fineat apoto I «nt saw, and all the eoootiy more thM one half of the town wm clew of the mspaniffloo* even to bla enamie*.of of ttw Oabel Booso and tha into the heoita of tiie noantahu. It waa one of trance was effected abontlAherthein the troand, looking tmt noch Uka an extluctKormona a» _whkh came ont with teoionbled vigor a* toon s«the citadel had opened ita fire on the town, at firstcrater, and now pattiuly filled with water, owingSQi aatli MWMla, alM i«D cut tea the famona tothecopiimsrwiswliidi had iailen daring the the sun bad sat It proved a bed road for the ex- moderately eim>ogfa, but soon after vrlth great vigor rtit^lSiiH' tI''*^ *»•' '^t'ng a few Unas la town and the sjiiaj^r The ateaaSS^S^T&S*laat few It was on* of those that mooatain daya. panoramaa pedltico,pass,every other projectile calculated to do the greatest pos-themOTntag .entered hitothetdwn, my first ob-goneoffyeaterdayearn*bask,sMth*nuaor^Zlowerbehind for that purpose. Oaribauii want up to number of people of all age* and lioth sexes. Twoand exploded in one of the wards. Everywhere yonwMBbacanlaie-rbadlead*tothePlanadel UnderthetentyonconldseetheguachosaddleI airf Gotleoiie, two old Albanian colonies, e*- arranged as a pUlow, and tbe black sneepskin cov- centration of all his faculties on the sole aim he wounded, not a few of whom must have perished iteiUka • good nomher in thi* part of ering as a bed! As for every one else there were has before him. among the rulna of the houses. It was especiallyJ, |h aBlfiatko after the death of Skaw»b- tbe olive trees affording shads, plenty of stones for The evening gun In the fort had been long re- tbe part of the town near the Piazza Bologoi, andAnother apnr Tnna out into the plain, pillows, and perhaps for every tenth man a cloak echoed tbe and the moon had risen some of the adjoining streets, which was Ill-treat- by mountains,FrenchftaAkVeilc.h"ar"g"e"o^ffhim"."^IV cpnse*n"t|edt,O'an«d off wweay, to day tbe object on that aide w** totpienAaqoein such solemn moments, and which ends in a con-perceived ruins and conflagrations, dead and•^that.from tbe Oealalto; AllyaMatday:than Otatof Konrcale, and dom- Tbe General himself was there when we charm to this iiptbefore we stirred. THE SIGHT UABCB.apire terror, they certainly succeeded. Whoever could took refuge in whatever he thought the most bombproof place, and those who cou'd not you saw crying, praying, and wringing their hands^•tad*r the Q<b.el-Boeeo> In the dip a raned srriveL^he had taken one of his morningkone-fttk aacanda. caUed the Paaao della 1^- strolls, but in front of his tent there were all his«agna«lear1lin dywn to the village of Uisilmeri, trusty followers,—Col. Tuan, the Hungarian, al-lovely scenery,that kind of reverie to whica he isdulge in subjectwho Gi^ flanks tbe Consulate, wUhedto "epalace,and is itselfDuring this interval the Picciotti, (youngsters,)as the patriots are called, were put into some in the streets. It was a pitiable sight, indeed, and kind of order, which, you will believe me, was it did more barm to inoffensive people than to those no easy matter in the comparative darkness which who might have retaliated. Before opening theverypstticuUr to communicate to the General, While ammunition lasts all goes weU;but, na-prevailedmen not recognizing their chief—every one acting the men.of-war which were in thej way to get out for some one else and no one able to give an an- of it, and all tbe vessels which were moored in- swer. With the exception of the troops brought side the Hole had to shift their berths and take over by GabibaLDI, all the rest seemed an en-across most awkward gapsangle of twenty-five degrees, to be passedbe entirely rebuilt, the large ahells having passedright through, from top to bottom, thoseOne of them stillthe rider lost patience, which made mat-saceaeded in arate, tbe majority of them were withwhich stu- fountain in the Piazza del Prete.main road we had to pursue, they continued autographs, on the road near the hill-side which wouldemergency,everythingieveryonetlilng,greatest strength. The mistake was per- ""the want of will, but a deficiency inwise than order. Theby only tlung_.j ui. ,-__ -t repaired,emerged on to the main road, which is broad, andwho wants or thinks he wantsaetmg which do spontaneously is to cry " Bmiva," an<lnight panic, the Picciotti could not be brought tomove very fast. It was the first of just glimmrrdawn when we passed ih« first bouses, which ex-enthusiasm. There is a semi-Orientaltheir posts, and even to advance if net too much are not NpafW)litsns. bnt s;,eak Germa* s9me ;tend in this direction a long way out of the townAt our first entrance into the town there was agood deal of baste made about the barricades, but discipline of the regular troops.sea-shore garde might have surprised the post on the bridgethe to Neapolitans strengthenthegreat horrors. They are picked Everywhere people risingand theatwas therefore felt for any further precaution I believed Za'T, '^''^u""- Their statements were the crossing of the stradone by the Picciotti, who silence of the ships has been explained to me. Ad- profleredway, and thebegged Begii the honor ofto followfavor lor thpt. .;„aato* ct whkh I cannot recollect If thewereecraleea the insurgents were not, and at the being first n be t^C'"* 'l"''*line the rdad which the Neapolitans might have early byto ask for the Admiral'schiefsgetvetjgood offices, in or- Thefiring; that theof the Nea- and That at 1 P. M. theywhich could notmen wss, therefore, modified. Thecome down on our left These diver^ons, and der toeffect atheAdmirsl-s ship.throughISeUe "^IPretorio one of the cao-forward, and, trying toMajorTcKOEi, a Hungarian officer who Hi ^i:- guishid himseU under (Am.M—s tna" isfoundtohavetsken.p»a . ,.„ Kkle^tto,noTnhthe 29?t!h^ of("'V'hing which could be laid bold of T1his work answered would not consent te be the the Neapolitans cut off from communication out- confusion, his neighbor's cloak, may passin kind of same man is found on the pleased'the Picciotti so well that they began medikter any negotiations unless tbe side, as well as from the sea-shore. San Martino, mistake but if tn»ifire from the ships and the citadel first ceaaed. occasion in the same position, it i« time'° be%e,^ well refu^e*"-^.''^'"guides a„?i ,Pthat the movements suspension of arms with Gen. Gari- politan fleet are calculated rather to insureshould meetCol. TrRR. the Inspector-Oene-troops the" '".Generals on board tbe Admiral's vessel would send round orders to aU the hoe^^^ *"»followed tbe Sicilians, commanded La Maoa throwing up barricade in frontby raiean any blockedCommodore promised"Stop thief When tbe Neapolitansandasked foremigrsiit, who had come over with thejto cease vessels, said that he could not pledgetrict towardsQabibaldi. riflemen of Oe- lovely val- n<»—excellent shots, all armed with the Swissfiringthe aea-shore,are all full of gueriUas, harassMg he Boyalists day and night. They areto cryThe second Ime was ledcarbin*. BehindthemcamethetwobattalionsoffromtheCacciatori delle Alpi, and in the rear the Sicilians.'f?S5gj||§gjj^?^W»«^=T»J«»!!?5I*:www.fultonhistory.comhavingbeendistributed, the differentthe which soon by main force exposedfire, m.i.(e him run across. It was the Admiraland cease to send theOn thisconsiderable advantage. In order to ceasefirigtipass.packing up at head. here, above al,'hat the hadto send round the line al"OUtrest of themake them risk this o„e of theNeapolitansspotlopasscontretemps,taste for barricade and streetthey still blaze away their ammunition in a1;theThere isvery strong tion ofshirt,SUSPIKSlOH OF ARUa.^%eTehadbeentheNeapolitansteamerscruisingcorina.,?"'"''''"'°'heplamofPalermo.A1c-eft. Ihavejnstreturnedfromhead-quartersinthewhichoccupiedtheFinanzehassentanofficerastwoGeneralstobeaseompuiedfromtheRoyalPal-be- me toace, has been evacuated by tha Neapolitans, who. me to* honr at which the annlstle* Is to b«gla. It Noon. left behind a large 32-pounder gun. The force would b* Ukawls* *dv«at*t*oaB that you allowsd th*hadwasloUed along fast enough with my two Calabrese bl coneentratH h "^'i'" f°'=« reci\y^ orders to followed in a movement. And miral MciiDT sends bis byany injury, and was free. hhfi';-'"."'',^''''^''"^'^««''d8from theheightssay, onlyin thepartswhich' thetroopsabout eveiT day all along this coast no necessity ^n^L"? ':'!'" 'f"'»««-<n«i"6 it *w»a»s much shortPiazza delparlementatre to offer to retire. The condition ace to therepeatedwas important to get into the town, in order not KOT, every daymysteryto be or taken in the rear tbe cate with Mr. outflanked by Neapo- Goodwin,the and know Consul,being preparedthat Gen. Gabi-to encourage theNeipoUtaa;2-i«^fct%»e.T5Qtather confirmed to Wm. He U .urronnd*d on *Hcom surprW me T**l«iilMNeapoiitaiis. Tet,'themwU^remlDded you of a slMleton. The bay and town of Palermo, and the sea have an idea of the frenzy. imity, consented Imraedistely to make an armis- otnhernsttehy*TM. lJiw*oiir jiayor*WHtt,"justtop, where, through gap,very promising ^^Xai"r<5"«*pistopped. Onemustknow of•everal officer* c*aa* hi hi andiuerttuin09»pbee,whoaU^Hl'"*»"''"»• crying, andaboM la frith ^lUM.tiwa. looking. Biota like a birypictote than AU would kiss •^o"'i»/.IbMiM. ttmmi-»U pliiH* reaUty. lUs hanrf and embrace bis kiSeT Kv- arms and KtoMM soUlm of-B^Saraintpfratched oidan immadlktety to ceaM hoMlItie* all „ But wldt all thia It-woBlil haMbaUa that «^*»»M tha *• .iii etoo • cooHnued chain at theplaeeL Ihe Oonaial had pitdad Us camp eo a oftha setting sun, and exlilblted that rosy color to have their turn. As the Cacciatori iisStaallT along Un* of -"-•^. and aaot a naaaag* Ja- iratermltan* did moECL ***^ t^:^a^^bm r^ "n,^two eaalMttoIeraUy axtenahw piataan, jast above tha roina, which I had thon^t hitherto a special gift of tbe clMred the lower part of the lookingdownonoooaidetowardtheplainandtha plahiofAtdea.whUeyonhadthiacharming h«bit»nt.cameto"havealook,ai^Svawhich ends atCapa gaflwanaj whUaoa tha scene befne looud heUnd, aa it were, to the Liberator of Palermo ind nage yoil..raaforadng th* Neapolitan Oemmpdera of It throat Gnt *eeia aaly hasTlritlf iHS iiKi ii»i ii'ill-built shaking constructions. Several of the churcheswell defended, tmt so muck llie moreon horseback at nightcould only go singly, which mads our lineof a frightful length, and casued continualdelays and stoppages. The General vowed neverto believe another Sicilian report on the state of amountain road. However, in the end, we reachedthe plain and came in among the olive trees be-low, with few falls among the sure-footed horses.A halt was made until all the columns had de-scended, and during this halt an incidsat occurredwhich did not promise much for the future be-havior of our Picciotti. The horses were coa-tinualiy fighting and nelghmg, which was so in-convetiieot in a night expedition of this kind thatseveral of the most vicious steeds had to be sentback.anticsteia worse. Those nearest threw themselves backin baste, and cemmunicated the movement tothose behind. Those, many of whom had satdown and began to doze, mistook in their dreams,probably, the trees for Neapolitans, the stars forso many shells, and the moon for a colossal fire- night and plenty of work since. The General the advance of tbe royal troopsballand was to cause a verylittle wanting generalpanic. Every one did what he could to restore confidence, but the eSect was produced and re- acted, as you will see by-and-by. Another incident occurred, which might have led to the failure of the whole!Even the menths squadre which are approaching in all direc- tions and hovering about the Begii. As soon asicome in for their share preventedwss the moral effect of losing a portion alrea^these latter had left Monreale the insurgents in one* held. With his usual coapd'cfl; which I b»-the neighborhood descended to occupy it as well gin to think look* Ilk* iiupiration, Gasibaum fMthavebombardment has notall this useless the soliiiers fromdiers. Host of the foreign subjects have taken refuge on board of the men-of-war, and all the Consuls, with the exception of Mr. CiooDWiN, onrand the fate they prepared for them may await themselva.whstover he found on tha road to that *xpo*edandBi* pmence not only eoon chackea die tilisaaaown, who sticks like a true Briton to his Consalarflag. Accordingparison between the bombardment In 1848 and thewhile nowguns and mortars cooLAll those who came in thisin animating tlM popolatiOB which had rsaaiaad in the houses.In spite of the urgent entreaties of his foUowensleepBALOi are deadlaat exposehimself is rounds theon thereposing platform;from theirIttisscz ulter about them which only produces tiis of ac'.iviiy scarcely equal to the moment.butalltheIllumination with the antique-shaped glass lamps erto,pearance;shopsaresiillclosed. Thebut only one of them has been killed hith-civil authorities to their own devices.the troops left theAs soon as hoisted thetowT^t Sth" tothe AdrairaLMC*^ 6^ A.M.,Md Sr awnthey take just time enough to let theirbad nolargebeat, havingSpilJ.a.rMUZi^ tootoItwa*earrrlacgeaaiuaHjrather How*v*r, it Is QAMOAUn't nator* toB.2i-Biss»srjs:ts*r.i2! l-Buonks,wi«hwaMtoflh*lrThe bombardment is stillshort intervals, especially from the Castle, where great eloquence, which I suspect was lost on thekept up, ego King II. reigns.no doubt that Admiral Mdkdt maderepresentations to the Neapolitan Commodoreabout the bombardment, but they have not beenthe alter of Bombastraightforward soldier in bis red flannelwho, although no diplomat, has a keen apprecia-ao many rumors of aa ad- first impreesioa was tliat this waa raareiy aooCherof thoee wild ramot*broaght it, was one of the Garibaldians, and thanwithdisplayingonlyrived. There had beanvance of the KeapoUtans during the dav Oat tha'; atone bound m tbe thickets on both sides of theroad, several fired off their muskets in their fright, no, where the Committee is sitting en perma the nightmare of tbe Palermitans. They see the through the head just before Gabibau)!, who, aea.anyAbove all, horses and cavalry seem to be the barricade. One of the PiccioUi was shotsome- everyone who has something has. There is a great deal of part of the Committee, but I must energetically seconded on the part of the Palermilans as one could have expecteddrivinggiiining especially, when the sound of cannon was and "shouting Kt'tio la Itberta !' I could not at latter, the N''apolitaD3 had burnt some housesheard in front, although its effects were scarcely first understand their but tardy enthusiasm,very much of Amout Bashi-bozouks, can be led prisoners just set at liberty I could understand ciatori were killed and wounded. The General The Neapolitan fleet has not fired a shot since on after the first unpleasant sensation has this unexpected burst of evvivas, which, I need was on the point of addressing a letter to Admiral the morning of the day oefore yesterday, when passed away, especially when they see that not say, found considerable echo on all sides. Sev- MuhUY, complaining of this breach of faith, when Admiral Hundat spoke his Bund on the subject to It s not all the shots that kill or wound, not even eral hundreds of these people were running about Lieut. WiLMuT called agam on the part of tha tbe Commandore, so that one-half of tbe misery the cannon shots, wr.ich make so lormidable a the streets, a loud testimony to the Bourbon rule. Admiral at 6 P. M., saying that as no answer had has been spared to the Palermians. Bnt ths Cas- iioise. They could see this to perfection this The troops which had occupied the prison of the arrived from the Commodore he thought the tello is incorrigible ; whenever it hears a noise or morning, for, although the Neapolitan rifles arc Vicariaio and the barracks close by had evacuated ;)Gtnetal liberated from bis promise. On this theand takenvisible. However, the Picciotti, who remind me I was told that they were some of the political flanked theirs in tbe Piazza Reale. Several Cac- ever by King Boasi.vo.so littledone so muchdamage by shooting.to the Castello. The ofcommunication between the '. couple Orsini's shells were thrown, and soon say they would, but this cannot be expected iaGeamT^ iactics, I bad a strong suspicion that deliberate long. Most were utterly astonished at space before the bridge, but the general tendency roail in the early morning and going towards the town. The Admiral categorically refused, on wounded. The fleet fired about 80 or SO ahells thewas impending which could be better the boldness of this plan, and some made remarks was to go under rather than above the bridge, Royal Palace, the number of those which the Commodore declared that all:first day as for the Castello, it must have thrownmore than 300.fiama.SaflUi si>d American officers had been out was not long shots which imposed on the well- the Piana di Borazzo, wnere the Neopolitans had impottant objects in Gabibaldi's inarches. The the whole negotiation was merely a feint to gain the commander* of the foreign men-of-war againstarmed Neapolitans, but a determined rush in ad-a loopholed wall and some guns mounted, whichtime endfor some movement. mi- Everythisbut instructions.cannot Inter-in thi^dfiectlo^ and had seen one of the captains,apopolaimanof&laplace, called Li Kiza, so IdeteimlncdUkewisa tobave atriaL Some friends nition and fire off their guns for sport, and were himself and many of his staff did iheir never dared to move except in large masses. Neapolitan fleet was in movement, with the ex- opinion in Europe that the appeal must be made.sweptdown theWhile the General;Neapolitans, knowing the haired of the peopleprepareicowardly inhumanitytheythrew abest to make them leave their shelter Wishing to guard the of ception of the Ercoti, the frigate which had been Let it decide whether a Government which resortswhichleading to the bridge, while at the same time the ths defence of thetwo guns and tbe troops posted at the Porta Sant' Antonino brought a cross fire to bear on tbe at- tackers. But this was no obstacle to the brave fellows who led the way. They did not lose time with firing, but rushed on with the bayonet. The commander of th.:: avant-garde. Major Tchobi, aa preparation for departure and embarkation of the**This morning twoare supposed to Intend landing somewhere or their reception, should they attempt an sttsck,own for famy !wWjl*: "steamers came in,tbe Capn and another, both full of troops, who troops.stances, fur if they chose to land do so under the fire of the citadel.Neapolitan fleet left during the night,supposition" probably the dislike to fight in the open, were baldi, and obtain trom the latter permission for safely of the Neapolitan troop* than te do5°.^?*I? 'f'sufficient tountil the greatest two -general officers from the forces in the Boyal to tbedamagef<"f^f-^<'°''%^^^L'Z}°}^^- by Mr. WiLMOT, the flafup a'.part be prevented: \crossing of thekept up, and all kinds ofimmediatelyto the fire of the citadel, as massed in Porazxo and Santa Theresa, and have and General accordblytomortal. landthevhisbest toto follovv bisofficer; but that hewould dothe cessation of the fire to gain a better posmon. direction of Ban Martino and La Favorite. This but actually gainea aslradune,onlycontrary, daytryingtomakeaforwardmovebothyester- morning towards Olivuzzo,ofthisdanger _NeapolitanHowever, all preparations are madeships,Neapoli-troops embarked in 1848.Montalto, close to the Royal Pal- know whether- you assent, and If so to lodloste t»of theit Flag-Lieutenant,Mr.Will- downtheiris Atthesame Palaceand traversethetownand JustwhenIwaaattheparry''""* * barricade was thrown np in the rear with commumcale Admiral. Admiral Mdiidtpatriots,.thewhere the cross fi'e was the General commanding there was notwere lasorted to under his orders, but waa, on thedodges salto, whiching;given uporaWe force before him. The answer waaand tbe an acceptance of hia ptoposab, which cam* in"n"^^^^ faith hi the caua* he fight* for, and to be i>o«LtA»Bov»**others, too, who think diat the tlctorr U on. •.^-H.—About S P. M.oMnfth-M^L.—"-TTto l^Si ^ T^ta^ru,?"."^ "'•^*°When I came oui of them a blue coat and bras. buttoL mrrkJ^SSth^S dust ontha idalMmihiff ahikig tha •ea.ehoiNr^bIinpenal eagle of Prancewith the brass buttons as the Cheavy firing, bothmanner. He informed me that he had somethingtheMiuufre who form the mass in mort pla4ses.him of the sympathies of France, andlonger theytbe confidence of tbe irregulars and destroy theWasnsBiT, May 30, 1800—Momlac. The troops which were disembarked last night quirts fiew barricades, there is some difficulty in shape of prisoners and deserters from the Neapoli- went out of tbe Castello towards the Mole, andas the extension of the occupation constantly re- Every hour brings new proofis of this In thekeepingthemuptothework; agreatmanyctivas, tan forces. Withthoseakeninthe then,byacircuit,rejoined,aaItseems,thetroops preferring laying there must be above 1,000. There is an order OB the other side. This looks as if they were hard to work. Even the ringing of the bells, the from the General to treat them well, and there is anxious to hold their ground in and about theinjunctions, only kept the greater is, that agamst the shirri and town.arepresents, during out everywhere, and brought up in gangs of five withdrawing. On the evening of the 23d Gsa. the intervals of the bombardment, an animated ap- and six to the Committee, trembling lor their Alfan di Hxisla abandoned Girgenti, leaving thelivesbeen taken in the act of presents very who wanted to arrest him.sustained fire, not only in front, but from the through the clear sky.aranl-garde all isolated in the large exposed street more furious than durmg tne day. Otherwise the Long after Gabibalci had sent his consent to a *very where else, is following ths example, riaiBg,houses in their flanks. At the first soimd of themusketry most of the Picciotti were across thegarden walls, but not with a view of firing from through, but people who did not assure me thatbehind them, leaving thus the 30 or 40 men of the the bombardment from both Castl* and shins was I found every one in a state of great indignation. turbance occurred. The whole province theia, a*^^Gabibaldi(^J carry by outlying posts forming tne only interruption. I Castello was continued. Nay, the Neapolitans province Catania has risen, with the exception;talking towentAil along the road the Ohanceller displayed a verv session of a clutter of hoo***, *o• inqmsitire turn of mind, askmg me what the num. that battiOD, and farce thea oot at dii* as fraaa ber of ABiBAini's force was, whether he had that of Bant' Agatha. Th* town ts too aaXdistressmgly indolent,dsesoverthoae aroundshort time in the makinghePitHeittti fi^it, and asaaop*a other coming in, out of breath, and announcing street, without any shelter, hanSgnuig and e>-couraging the menthey are from one, now from the bther side. issued out firom the houses and from behiadolIt is in vain that their noses are thrust against thedid to the Lombards last year, that It is their pressure to think day and night how to alleviate the suffer-the thisL now enemy seeingshells, selves—making preparations for the defence of trated seven or eight men. The bugler, who i*stieets again.When I went toj head-quarters in the afternoon, the prisoners, 20O in number, were let out, no dis-on the advancedby running and shouts in the street be- though strict orders from Garibaldi had pre-EvEiriN-o.foUowiog I slept without waking once. The whole of "T»e Commanderin Chuf ef 0u Armits antGabibaldi was that thev should arms. They 'refused to do this, andunderstand the of such a necessitytwo thathe to ceasetains of sqtiads stationed outside made histhathe report— it foramorning:GsiissAi me know thatlaynot been der to all the line to cease firing, Bey not onlyto such means is to exist. worthy;TrapanL And all this occurredofIf the Neapolitans ever again get pass**-*ion of the Sicilian*Sidly, deaerr* to be ruled for-'««OiiMJust at this moment a flag of truce has come (aletterIT—al Slatiant btjfonii the Faro, PaUrm*, Mat »,19K-hewouldreceivewithSanita, where they would To bis Gen. CAsnAun."12-3o'pIf i^^^^^^s^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069-.'-*T "a*^-^ "S^-SaSf^^ .:.3^^' 