 I"'now made tialae,Ueihphls Enquirer considers the ivi___ttt. if?-iMtor of tiM J:, ..**!!!• ^.5'J "^7 **th tha BtBOit fraaka*«,ThetnUUigeticer, "ihioogb claiming to be •lemir (JaMM-••fitaa^ i^aUva. Hawasaaa^?^*••but nonenortae last"*•?S*'«« «n«T, whaterer be thftt MlaateU(k,4Mdetbe whole or aadmirer af il8 fc---Bocol' K»aa. Jb^tawZ «"^2«^5!^^^nrann«,y„_;>•Miawaa, taken to recall nerertheleqa,;m such an everU, whether a Blackprofesses all of De-'No matter how tempted before they fell—how drir- The name of Mr. F. B. Sanborn, ofOoaeotAM esn-oonid aot Wlto (<Te <be KmtMt •urprti^I to SwttnrlMiToa'Bnitr occsaioo*, preofi —imt and firtaMdup wklch ralgM have daeld , TadenI CkxmcU tttplaoe conAdenca Intha jai-ttbtaf Pnaea. It tiu praferred to prolaaL Icu-A*B the danoHW-•cretdt now vnti'd. What m Hmearj are campl'I'llIn I84« was uoaWe to achieve, the commoa Austrian oppression, which hastl^i^i*^?^"' "^»the la«ad«4ape« tb« netiea of Jir. Baras' letter, wUehMJH!• m, an—u•^&reUt\Wvm'.it>fft»|plenipotentia-enOB bywant anddeatitutloB.or alluredby decaptire Mass., has beeoae qotta famous sfatee the,then, of the candidates can draw from the Opposition the necessary votes and win for us the great battle?in over the list of names lookingaliontyearsage,pleaain* ceaalMaaaaLWtTMhlait as aholy work. I have two ob-preservebyif us, do theriske/°n'(k«rtei)if crna-~Itai^htT la It foandad la fact t Baca ancoBsUtuency that theirrS:;!! vii?rt w„h "t'S"o cau-e demand « chang^e',BBdThe win of Un. John CHumben, wUb of.-•--•I Ikelaeelatlnii takenbjtite HalrMlola prindpla, aonralgnty impUea eaaenttaUr thedlsHnctlon,hasaccomplished. Hatred of Austria Is now Ue OBly feeling pervading— death of Boo. rabm W.>«Mt«r »l»?'?fc -IftaattTMthe country.would b« ia |afkiist»tes,*Ddaga* joitlled op-hi IIS triumphs.But Mr. pretext on me, becau^e'l_,_P ..tBj^iiniltBB»aiBa^'T^«U« MMaort, UBlen ftere ihguU result Lis fil!Si&»»«« •f «!>• balan^« ar dJairibuHon gf^raSSL ****"•"*• "" ^•"W "' ^'"'•BooBaailrhaTtaginSMSS Jtopublican, ana for the reason that for seven tiichafcgeahle determhiatioa to reth^ at the elate years I>vin» qtieation eanaeqaeittly narrowa itaetf to the tn- nuiir io wliat degree the Sardinian GoTemment iat^pseofMOM br <ke acta tq which I h»^ lait referred. —foUewtagI bellere it to be the dutr of the Soath. and alb the Editor of tke New- York The sermon o.' Her. Mr.TimesTk(< 'Oiiiaa ot UM, exetaalTely agreed to ha- Brigaeua of Bsne and the Duke of Savoy^ Mjeefaa aDotmaBt aad boandaitaa which '-•vaBtktavelniiiientty modlted wlthootConnectlcnt wlthoat a slagla exception.:It ta thethat LoidBMuoKAM'g aelaalfcMHaavtbepUtorSwltiarUnd. Bharelledondistractingsave them from the terrible fhte Uat awaits tbeia onless they reform and repentBut,Hr. Editor, how can a thief or a«poa eonflagnnolea aatctoalatateofpoaaeaslon. Shefinda tar»,l>»n»dbjf theforce of the clrcum-laerltablyfew staleamcB. captains, tawyan,'IMqielTeaj indao trae waa thin, thu noarma was made, he stated that he had thisand offered to give up the blade, but prayed to be al- lowed to keep the sheath. "It is a pity to separate them,"saidanAustrianfunctionary **to unite the Democratic Party, which he manding its enthusiastic support.did,Uonal. according to the letter of that Instrameat bat because the whole spirit of the Coestltattoa is viola- ted 'n that war of extermination upon our rights, which that event would prove ta be oar heritage soand mllllonalrea have staee beea lewaidad a hr«f the auiter wa« made in the acta ot1615,let them go present example of the strikers Ihrorghout the East, leng as a slave remains upon our soiL f shall favorretiaciBgThey maytheirCity steps?pre- OcaaauUoBa still exiMlng, or maintained Intoaether. Tou are sure to get tbem back In a furt- giving practical proof of the truth of the Democratic disitniOHwill determination to dod enwdallr that of 1754. Ttere remain, nightdays,Kepublican p\ -ty is agrarian and revoluUonary. injuring society and the U.iionlnlts pursuit of fanatical abstractions. notwithstand-is elected over a soundLaks, or over a I>emoerat wholead some to aas esaentlal to the defaace J wUcfa were eqaaUy claimed by the envoys ofglory are yet in store for us as ataSSa?^^ofr aaothetn Itontier, toe cession of reveral terrl-nfSardinia. TheSardinian 'ttlLMmrlonc clsoaaalona, adhered to the demaad ofIVienna, tollcited,MAMAii, in his memorandum of the 26th of i^jHnK "I||ni, laauthorizedtoconsent,infavoroftbeCan-on territory theThen collectivelyall the'«tt aawlugoonditlassaddressing :thatwillbepre- sented to ihe Charleston Convention, I discoveratmrwards of Harvardmosttahtaclass. ItIssupposedthatheeaalltorawOaaera,h> the cession of the :we onlycan make an inroad upon the(College, where ha slusdioiiu*»«»•MiOM Indndedln the neutrality of Switzerland nptjhsBaidlnlaatroopsmayretire by the route ofsayI wasUtUe additionalntOTlnees of Chablais and; that tlie armed troops of no other Poweryour goverament-marBhals. I shall say to you that a holy work Is in hand, and thatHarper's Fbrty meattmadto aoaeaftfear remain ia, or these paas throughlife,and us an opportunity to reform, we give^better. OtherwisewerunorelseThere is plenty of sympathy for the murderer, butBone for the unfortunate woman who haa been tempt-pro- With the exception of such aa the HelveticmtioB may ttunk proper to station there."mnnaenL lad for its to thetelbre, objecta pomoa of SaToy; and Switzerland, by its yauee. obUged h«l*£]f to aecure the execution ptodgfag heraalf on tlw oae hand U afford a toSUMmian tnx^ to retam to Piedmont,and Ithe distinguishedare left to the degradation of an oneqaal and position In the Vnion, I shall advocate an effort to reclaim our rights at the sacrifice of the Union.The Pinted Sereice OaztUe AlfredIsbeingbroucfatuptathaBarrlcaB ue nevtnUaedwho,on to "reformcaterer, aiadniM tteaaato subject ofa araetleal lokaaa young geBtlemaa—htaiself, bowBfar, bidagatatlon, need,rash, and headstrong imprudenthasresigns him-—is <»lled ta order by the*•>" confedarMlon waa the 4»tanttBilaIea«l(mmadelDthe Canton ofupyonr la-.., ,-***?equivalent forterrible fate. SHU we aread erataal Jka!" Ihavepresentedatruthful,yetsadstate offorward ta thera^lt;ceedingly problematieaL Hence, I farar the noadna-" That we the ofritories, acting taroogb the fairly- expressed will of aJ. W.askedwhat be wasddng there, he rspOad '^~ -''<IM<^galMefatiw.^NMaaot tka ritaatlon of Switzerland, so faraaitagainstthe freesoU" dogma of no more Slave States," and Spiritualistsalightedeonnliy. The engagementfromonesinto untilatlast he another,gonemadetlieBeutraUxaUon of Chablais and;while at the same timerepentbustoeai afailayfal^aaelOT--*gaaruitwatlpnIatedfor the advantage MSaidlua, and fbt oompeaaatlon for a sacrifice.rest, if you find it necessary to add any considerationsthe following is an extractthings.giving youngquestion, denied thesaot;ta& tha prirllasiitaifilsadT^ftei tkat the Cotmcll General interposes, without JogittaBate grounda, in the arrangements which the flOTMBaantaoftheEmneror and theKingof Sar-I mposa to conclude tI obsern, m<»eoTer, Sir, that it is open to us to in-^ rakowfar the atlpalatlons of 1815 on this special poiBt conform with the whole of the combinations asuail upon at tbat period between the Powers who aiffaed the treatiea ot Vienna to insure the neutralitybeg you to conduct with prudence and reflection thisthis Is the precise principle wkic^ was laid down byty."Ur. ThomasM^MBat- HoiutoB, Vnaa,TrandtJaupktreatedmatter aa n go-ti joke, andeign counsel, and theyaioan toside this time."be onthewinning-IhfOofwnmeBtexUnauisbed even partyblU. wbeiker It hai beenlaUIr app«ar«ttia»<4HaBaHl,1IWWlTi thiii» fteFaucigoy -his name was;andline, prospect ofTeatnalr.»Mrfrlead,T . B. WASHBUBHE.ttiem In »*TM>»ylew to the protection of the Swiss unanimously with the general welfare In view.y!"'?"'fi!r'»»»'0'"'>*<l not then been originally ar-the referenceby your correspondent to that resolntlpninthe I write. " Harlots and thieves," aa Cincinnati Platform which he charges upon Mr. Hal- youafter thia. can the Mt^attaharetortnnAingthe acts of 1815inginning I addressed myself to the nobility with fullA Card tfm Mlaa Kate Fax. Edstomf tke New-York Times :would jump if It were not ao far to3»M«fcmidaflan,whenever the aamber to forma ConstitutionFurther that be was aadcharge on Switzerland,:Helvetic Con-majority cf acttial residents, andcftheirlDbabltants Justifies It,with or without domestic Slavery, and he admitted into the Union upon terms of perfect equally with the other Stitea."The right here recognized is that of the people ef ato form a Constitution with or without domes-later lUioh. amoaataloae aMorblng »eautaa—the Honga-i^MKtbeirdatrtpaplKildan.^. Jsaali nationality and aclenoa. CollaeUons areDOWOLAS. w. b. phmiok.a, tbatiln from replying to the eomma^i-I tt haa Ibrwuded to na. lathli protest laad the yean 1848 and 1849. AU the diff^eniraeeMoni !r.'*..^Jf*»'"*'»<''ohoaearepreaaalatlTe shoald,CnsarraUvawhich It behoorei aa to examine and to Mtra, In order to appreciate the character and Talaeof the Legislature" edited nothlnga-wntmyrotaaVoMQMitlfMHtheilberaUtyJiucy.As Ia for or .,aln.t u forthe Chsmbars^od dirides •Itt^flOOor ten ment for thera !"i,nd here Is a written that the acknowledg- warnings,eajoy this pattiea-then, innumerable, toe gentle- man has obiained neither sword nor sheath. Perhaps opon the clausei which concern the eventual bolb will figure at the English sale? I know notTfi'^ ttealm/r ; but, at all even ts, they are a veryMope e( Ihaaa clanees. to recall here the negotiations " peculiarm best!Specoh ef the Kaaalan EapererThe foUowuig speech was addressed by the Emperor of Russia, on the 4th ult, to the members oftMttMofTlenna. Whatdotheystlpulate?barony of BaoDoaAM Is ta lie creatad,aentnUntlon of a portion of Savoy ? It Is npcessa-nec'jcut,so that morethan ever I am forced to theThus far I am adisaaionlst aad I rejoice totitle of the ttepalsae peerage,jind this vrtll be made oaiwflhMwUektbey gara rise. Switzerland at the Con- specimen of what the wise call conveying,"every one. What then, is the first point which presenU Itself to one seeking for theprofooBdly settled la" Alas llsr tke rari^ Lord Vacx, whose gtorrt^?**«*'**»—B eiriatathe Committees from tueyet brilliant visions of wealth, they will be driven— attemptto arrest tkattwenty-four Goveraments of ealcaUted In the interest of Piedmont the second c«BTOcation|_^^*^VaBaivatte Confederation—subject, however, to aI gnaranteea example, and <t ia»oy. " Tlie undersigned," declared M. have labored on the common work.and shame ?I speak of these things knowingly. I am no petty thief nor swindler, but have been engaged in transac- Hobs which, slthtragh the law caanot reach, are stillAs forone with enemy.which There are athe assaults of the BlackprogrammeforYou have toEvery personhis long ai:d consistent Democratic services wouldof our wholeupbut,point fact, greater.oader the preasare oft*ram nam mm. ft»m«i.IPiM*aigt(h.«u«to «Bdl7«<<m.dliaht taxaa iBcomabflaaded. Mr niA. a,. *V*»«TM*<W. H. IL, April 5, 186*r-l.^..""5*' 'dasirvpe aomiaatlan arUast PB>toUon of our frtendsrand to thair wlflies IthraalBBantaUuiiation, getber.tostop tha,iapd UMt^'atBin, Ha at ».pm, tt'bdMraUat: Count PAaiHZ, I recommend to you your colleagues in the work. I &ai convinced they will consciea-and whosetheyaffair to the end i«oposed crastinated.;_I do not wish it to bepro-:'Your letter reached thiscity duringMr. viz.:CALaoDB,inhisresolutloolnthe Senate of1847,riage,"been stained withaLSpiritualism, had it the least taint of that abominableThe BzcommiinicatlonThe following letter from Turin, of March 18,livtaglathe Pressction ia impoeed by the Federal Oonstitntlon on a State, io order to be admitted into this Union, except that its Constitation shall be Republican; and the impositionfrom the Feterboro' Canada West, a statement of an alleged importantstreet was covered by a wheat field." The friends of Mr. Frank B. Senbdmof dinia.the King of Sar-creed, a in a Censtltntlon tiave the un- people formingKATHARINE FOX.UatebialfobPolishino.—Someofonreotem- housesintaeplace,andapartolwhatisaowMaiB-appeals"Friday last the Episcopal Court of Turin, as like-havediscovery, at Port Hope, of Tripoli, a much valued de- to present to his sister—as a taken of taeir rnnpiiat.L".-«M,„""r^' "."^ "l^lerer ablSSTpSis-fchave unltormly sustained iu every Republican from our State voted for it'The AastrlRB Sale af Haacaiiaa Arau. From the London TmuM,Pien, Wedneaday, March 14, I8S0. Great indignation ba» been caused in this coun-d«<pef8eMhof her distisguiabad. aoa Bm. -Htm I« Oia to theMtaaoari.IS «^-~"-r/ffaagariaaAeadeaar.W0MIM4.TaiK.0P JTJDOBOM«>ni>aooefortfebea BaBfc„„^_ BaBnUleaalpBiirmat thli aettoB baa attrred ibt Ira «( tntb suie^lddkt la tha ooneen, aad, inatitatloB which«»*d of i^JSt^ SS ^. "^^ ywoheerfuiy bow. "rte RepubUcInrorTM'of the Croats soffertng froaa which lead to obliterate even the last remem- braitce of those natloBal dls^asions which character-for the reliefO"' ?ii?n.i ,r. n "LT"'"undoubtedly proveboth oit's povertythat commuaicatioB be declares gM8I.of these are no more the partnrersiag, Connectlcat,thenoatconservative^'^ * coBststeat aad priaclples.Hon. OUyer Caae,b Com^,•d"^w*T*^sJL*?pntpertr GovamnMnt than are the anas in the Towerdoa. Aftertlia iniuntecUoa wasafTbeae proariaea were aot The oTiamental keptof a battle which our forces faugkt tinder the mast farorv ble antpices. The candidate for Ooramor WM Vii ScTuoca, who had already IQled the office with great credit to himself, and who persoeally is the most pop-fnasOatarie LegUlatara ^ermyweaponsA Pleakind, areaquired to be given up, but promises in writing were made tbat tiie otBamental ones should be restored.tar "Bariou and •thleTea."ama, aa well as others, were confiscated, and it is thosa wUeh iona part of the coming iile. As aa ex-»good thlag. He deserves his brother. Theof thethis fact, withia my own knowledge: A gentlemanEurope,tke Union in the etent a Btmck"iltV'°K." J21!amplewayia which thlneswere done take gold, decked with diamonds. When the caii forton Constitution and the other Issuesthe com-classaa, taTen years have passed sinceand, in »plte ofotdar to define precisely the character and whether it is aJlowAble io call such acts as these chncluslon that we ore m o mtnoriry in luarly everymocracy except its Douglas and Paoa.most valuablelike'nr'dslBftMethe to be Plenipotentiaries happenedapplicationsYet,ing all these advantages, we were defeated in Con-principles,members of the committees you, gentlemen, I will say to you what Ihave said to alreadynumber of statesmen who would receive the unanimous support of the party,of treachery pretendedbutvastoB, thoughlight upon the to-affects regardof thegood country,single one, the eements outside strength. Thatcloselywhich would obtain for ushope that it may be able tothe Unionsuchbut how can I f Others are In sltuatioii. myMr. Sanborn a orivata school --^ keeps at (Coooud.Is held ta liigh esteem by his tawnsman."my hesru I atn convinced that youbut I can discover a only incanials that will be examined and laid beforeinsure the warm and:Iyou my name, which I hare no doubt would surprise you. GodismywitnessthatIaminearnestinwhatPriace ista by ether office' s."of own, yourspecial memor-me. Act party.stanilyHr. A. W. Gleason, a weU-koown iaarfar afyouexpressenergetic support recognized great abluty,I have but another word to say made uponof the Austriaacurrent Evenunwararingfonnertrmember at ih. Bri«tii.«.quelled,mere ornament, were re-DISUNIONISr BLKCTOS.of Lon-the New-England States,hasrecenttybeea lost iaAhas published a MIer, of which OmT„e«tbeWAjril.B«ad>L Fnsoiiiusworol,harlot re-I know that absurd rumors have been In circula-«uaawdb]r agrMaientof the Powers. On the con- been said that my confidence in the nobility has t>een which cannot be eradicated. His nomtnation losuU ture, the institation of Slavery, That reso-them,also lu tills City are daily dying dying, too, without of tae-.,theDeUvan Houseta tae fifta story, with Us legs '"*f*"g oat Oa bal«• ««><» waa* bairter-^tat ia to anydefendedFulton was found TCotiBty, recentlywn aaa lapoasdImpaired; tbat is a falsehood and a calumny. Pay probably be equivalent to an election^aoffieieatly .are In number, andby ^by an Im- neutraUty pro-thetheinni aecvplad ttonoaerooa cooditiona. no attention to them, aod trust in me. From the be- any other vovld, to say the least, leave the contest ex- recogntsa right the people of the Ter-tion of Mr. Douglas, and Influenced by the same VMuUwosaalon of Savoy to France! The Coun- you now. I depend on your justifylDg my expecta- course of reasoning, many of my colleagues from the mtgtat prataod tluitU, cssaion tion by your acts. Southern States are joining in the movement whichproof taboitagop-confidence; itis 'with the same confidence I addressn^At a time when Free-Loteitm is rampant inot vras afforded by Us Insanity^a«H(al modifying-ttttina of the contract. to Uy Minister of the Interior, and Count Panaa, promises to carry him triumphantly over the bitterderaBgcmentflourishing here uadisttubed and unrebuked, it is im- of a suit for divorce by his wiie, who had hnramathwiMBlveaexaneia<U with respect to Sardinia, of over themaintenancetfimAeanaoMlgj^on Vstehingjealous of him witaont canse.ItSiawful for them con- whom I hare created President of the Examiidng hostility of men who prefer the defeat of the Demo-New-York, and an AssoclatloB of Free-Lovers isCommitteeeMHM.oaoarna^ tliat they should wish to avail question. They will bo able to communicate them tocratic Party, to the success of a rival.'- f.y.—"{"".ty 9' Chablais and Faucignyinqnainted with my intentions andTerritoryand revereand whomark broadly the difference between themselves and" Twoiheoccaaioa to contest with Piedmont "j dlscose of ttiia province, and to declare '2!v? 'attack is made on the guaranteed security of^^. -i^j'^f lWJ"***THE UNION PARTY. KZ-SEKATOK CLKUEMS OV TBI UfTEBTESTION QnXSTIOir.From the Alabama Whig.MxHPHis, March 18, 1860.DlAB Sib myabsencefromhome,andwasnotthereforereceived tutu yesterday.My name Is signed to the address of the National Executive Committee, and I was present when the general principles Intended to be enunciated in that aidless were agreed upon, but I had no furtheraset ofpeoplewhose theyloatheandab- principleswhoing at tae moment ta an open carriage,lai^,;but onerespectfully,Slavery. recognizes touchiagtory before the forming of a Consdtudon, but declaresthat when they have a Coastitution vrith or adoptedwithout Slavery, then they are entitled to be admitted into the Union.This was and is the Democratic doctrine '* "pure religion undefiled,"conform:de TrioBxphe, and oae of tbem, ta wUeh iras aTurning to Ck>nnt Piinwm, the Emperor added aaay ke gathaied from the negotiations, establish the tiously perform their task. Monsieur le Ministre, Iwhom spawn long have truepass-the of Gen. are ac- place Rostovtofv,that all who love Splrituaiistsmyyou in detail. Vou must assist us, gentlemen. Taere- fore, gentlemen, with God's help, set to work.p"ortanttic It no act to be done andcantagea eaaie lata *t^views on thisI am, veryyour ob't aerv't,W. H. DIMMICK. Slavery, by the people or the Legislature of a Terri-Gahgwaja saystheir lives to the morality taught In the Bible, should lent collision tbe day before yaatarday, aaat' thaAtisoltheHelveticConfederation. Butthati^aquestion.'whicta the Government of the Emperor ought to d>£- wise all the EjMscopal Courts of the Kmgdom, re- tictilar weight I give you, therefore, my views as of Che CoBStitution. Dot a direct conflict with the prm-and I do not hesitate to say tbat we axe disposed to adopt any comoromises sug-gested, whettwr for the general interest, or especially I for the interest of Switzerland.Tou will be good enough. Sir, to read this dis- patch, and to furnish a copy of it, to the President of IliaFederalCouncil. Accept,&c.,(Signed,) AUSTRIA.ceived the text of the excommnnicatton protiounced by jtome, on account o I the annexation of the Romag- Das. On Friday evening this document was taken by the^rand-vicars of Monsignore Frahsosi (stUl ab- seoVat Lyons) to the Minister of Justice. On Satur-,an Individual, rather than as a member of the Com-cipirs on which our political 8>sttrm rests."With this exposition, and with no disposition toonecoaa with tiiose Powersposit used for polishing pany;;has been formed to work—day—that is, yesterday the Council of State, duly' ofTo remove the subject of Slavery from the arena "for iwen-Mr. AaxEcaM. a of EnwABOs, microscoplstof it, declared the bull null and void, and prohibited the publication of It, on account of its not THOUVENEL. having leceived the royal exequst-ur. It Is said that aparty politics, andii^rmt-dDemocrats, who mean to maintain&ne and not trtpoli at aU. It would ratherwhich baa been current for the laAt four Congressional Slavery and-twenty any form, and in all places? and further, whetherproduced at ama afhours among the public, does not appear to me toknown as fresh water tripoli, is futmd imder peat bogs B. F. HaLLETT. smd swamps. The marine deposit is obtained at" the and (be duty of to Slave- right Congress protectry in the Territories in the event the judiciary fall, oris unable to do so, is Intended to be ?" ignoredI can best answer your inquiries by first statiog mr ownODinion. ThepowerofCongresstoprotectSlavery in the Territories does not, m my judgment, admit of a doubt, and cases may arise in which the exercise of thatpowerwillbecomeanimperativeduty. Butat the same time I concede it to be a judicial question, aud recognize to the fullest extent the authority ofat what cost of ill-remunerated but most conscien- form. We have no territory into which Slavery can all classes of society at Vienna, at hearing thatglgan- — —Very respectfully yours, BoOTOH, March 19, 1860.trip- oil—In fact, this bed extends firom Piscataway, in Fbedebick Doiiolass' paper, in commenting on Maryland, to Petersburgh in Virginia, At RichmondDi7D«T^«rr (SA2n|The PecBlattana aad Cormptlona of the Ana* make anyCTtaB GaTemmeDt—!!$tate of Hangary. Fnrm the London Daily Sews.PsSTB, Friday, March 16, 1860. It Is a well-known axiom that centralization noJt lead to oppression below, anl to corruption above, and still people are always taken aback when have to taste these baneful fi-uits of a wrong sys- tem. Thusweseenowmen'smindsunsettled,andaImpression.I have been assured that the clergy were previouslyOran, in Africa, Islemond,Va.,of France aud ;the City of Rich-not to resist the prohibition against the cation of tiiis pontifical documentThe Death of Jlrt. Jamleaoii. FromtheLondonDailtfNews.publi-staads a surface of upon wide-spreadhas received the decoration of the cross of theLegiaainplinedPOLITICAL ITEMS.toeygeneral iineasine<'S spreading far and wide through circumstances Mrs. Jauixson's works were produced It doublful whether it will ever assume a practical solution of the UnionHr. 8. D. Xorthway, of Connecticat, who disap- West Point was the first to find tripoli under the hill peared mysteriously last Februsry, has retoraed to"Mr. PeiiLirs may be correatlnthe opinion that tlc frauds have been dlrcovered in the army adminis- tious labor aad on what holy and ^eIf-sacrlfic!ng go. and if any should be acquired hereafter, soil and Senator SxwAan would have made a more radical— The Rhode Islasd BLEtrrios. Themoney,tratioD, and that men of the highest rank and station purposes the proceeds of that labor were employeo. climate will unquestionably, in a great measure, regu- For many, many years. Mrs. Jamixson was the almost late its domestic institutions. At all events there isare implicated in tnem. Just as In the latter days of sole support of her mother and her sisters, and of a no occasion for anticipating the discussion.Anil-Slavery speech if there bad been no South tofollowing"*•='»"present NaUonalam, aa enthuatasUche^^ the three Democrats frn^B r uarSiaie who aoluailv voted against tke bill wbu!sfoBr'WasUBciua,•f Mr. The•nor of2^fHon. Abijah Bigelow died atHismanly bearing, his defiance of the combined assaults of jealous foes, his consistency amid trial and perse-^toUonal ia its prlncp'es, and espeelallytf,^' V^"^^ paitlcalar eousa af«"*^youkaow, havebeenaeoBststeatsuDoortarefttebeen. aa I nowla Ifspolicy,/'bu" on oplalea IsopUiQijrvvUhoaMS ..J^aYI .J^^ rea«SIrSSch h.« 5dno beuer than It should Slavery quesUoa" This onfavorabiaBavAdmlaU^SSSTbi^g'^iWS- words of conof mratlon forC. by his first wlfc.^^WIN>ywJWjt,'aecanrf<iiyr*kitprerogatives^i> trybytheaBBoaneemeotthaitheAustrianGovern- whopossessesmoreofthereq^u"i"si"t=e"if'o"rt"h"aoraaaBt BMBIsoftheslavepower,itiaforourRepuiUcas friendsofDodsias,LabsandBtisnnn.MMtatmaaot be diapulsd, and li not capable, l>l|At, ofbaeoming the object of any douiit, ortrUj legal dUBculty.,'Bbwerai , the ezerdie of sovereign right laOfdaaMokteWTlant tOcoDventlonal reatrlctlonjtl^ thii Federal CoiiocU thinks it Its duty to afteoDTgnttonof IA64.andonthetreatleiof legation that Sardinia cannot direst itself wIlEoat lenonneing Ita eogagementa.tnisto(hem,atthebiddingofalutlcB of 1848-9. If all these arm? had beeq used in IiCail»ui, state after Slate in the North has gone doi^ eial, though sailing tinker the gaib of neutrality.Wi„i,^nen^^e "^^^,,^2^ ....T^^.^Siiment U about to seU In EngiaPd a quantity of all sortf of emergency than any other. Pi^»»iriaftdsio car whetr^er they wlllsacrlfi'ie me fur bataaThe ^ NashvilleVnionandAmerietn a NorthDtrtrietunless it be seelB- Oregon. NorddMthereat the diaastroBS praaeatConveation. IBOiTla-ea!t.e^ef?De7m"ocraticular man inIn adoiUon to bis great individnal strength, Mr. SiT-only iapoitaat partmeasure of necessary self-proteotlon,tauoua bad recently returned fromhad been Curing the bitter contest upon thewhere he Leeomp-"Tcredit for his effort to reach these unhappypeeragewaa oiaatad for liie great ontar la l8M,sThe lime, too, was propitious. To the still vivid remembrance of the John Brown raid was added theand reform ia thisWhocountrymay preach reapectabla potat of precadeaoe. ThaNorthern not State, ifmsB iB Ihe Sonth arefavor of tlila conclusion. If peace, happinessleast will ta this repeated, delightandnadoD, they will spring from that virtuous disposi- tion on tlie part of the patriots of the South, which will bring them at once to oppose the last remedy ef anand to stop tnem in their fatal course before they•riflaattBg with themselrei. This comblnatio!i GismxaxB: I begfarCyrenewing the expression of ble that we should succeed this Fall ; and the usurp the Government in the name of the CoBsUtu- —tliat which in certain cases has theeffect ""7.".''?'"'"'" *" •*« '"'"lity of the three GovemmenU desire to succeed is, at Uiia conjuncture, a senti- tion, and at the expense of our lives, our homes aadthe of neutrality to the north- of Lithuania, who have first set the ment which Is identical with true patriotism. Who, our civilization.dimmed the addi'ion ol' Of Chrtstlaa cbarttjr bycandidate Evidently our search must be for aman w ho can bring us outside votes. The candidatemust not only be unexceptionable for abilities, forexperience, for Democracy, but lie must havethe power to obtain siiBi'ages fromthose who have, for years past, actedus. Without this latter, it appears imp3ssl- dare to strike another blow at a Southern State, or tohis own tlttaUnder the sub !" encyclopedic Nestor of the British ParUaaeaLamong againsthijored people to the Inroads of the aggressors,dMtoe geBtUmao, aadh^aMUt*aaa- back to their old companions In criase drirea back in pie ask, "Who Is he?" The Bostoa IVaBaAr e».italso willjects, or rather, I ought to say, I have only one, the one, you have lung since conjectured, I conceive to be means, but when It fails of its great purposes, aad we society would only exercise some charity towardsthe aameI desire that the improvement of the lot of thepeasantry should not t)e merely nominal, but a reality, and that the transiUott should be effected peaceably and without a shock.inwar, in the Senateobject.That cannot be effected without onerous to the nobility as possible.Abors, which defines your direct duties.watah, dines oecasloaally ta tbe waid-noa, airftakeshisturntodtaewiththe'laptala. Hetimalafby his messmates as, ta all reaparti,a«eefthaailaaBrick of betaghave no doubt you haveAmongother gentlemen named,should have toJM oCbar. to in ease of Federal your part I wish these sacrifices to be as little It alone. But we require more, and we require pre-some sacrifices onthecisely that which Mr. Docaus is able to give.is in existence, drawnGenera, anawer questioDa that will be put to you. For the been acting recently with ustir.there are thosechamber, for this or that particular talent with this or that record, but for not one of them does his most enthusiastic friends claim that he can obtain more tbaa a strict party vote—te elect any one of them weuiynstsays ftat Ptiaea iDouglas.mightrely uponDemocratic Party, anded away from the path of virtue, none for theyouthconcedes that Mr. DotjoLss has a personal and peculiar strength among men who haveof Hallxtt, Boston,his bold andtion. Doubtless, they have reached your ears It has cution, have won for him a place in the popular heart 1.1TT as conceding the power to a Territorial Legisla- fearfully Increasing — many'agency in its preparation, and do not know that my of other bv CoDgreis woold not only be in riolatioaporariescopiedReview,nterpretation of its meaning l« eatltJed to any par- anyare abottt and It appears that a Com- for her bravery— of the latest styles of Cairs re-mittee. the motives or questionThe passage to which you call my attention is in • Southern these words:purposeautlior ofthe theitpatented bytliis city,f^nfederatian," " publicly-expressed opinionsdiscovery.Aquantityleavetrol ol the States in which it exists, and to the un-who found it to be nettling more than an ex^emelybiassed action of theYou ask if this language is Intended to exclude thethe equal rightssand,Rhode Island: CoQDtics.CsBnaia were brought to trial for having received load of self-imposed obligations, or carried that load it for themselves, no matter what our decision may And would Virginia care for Anti-Slavery atteraacea Providence twibaa, and the Duke of Psisun for wife-murder. more uncomplamingly. She moved under it as if she be. Its introduction heretofore Into the politics of the in the North, if tha political telegraph, which makes NewportXooia Paiupfa, when the Ez-Minlsters Tssti and sister's child besides. No one ever t)ore.a heavier Those who are to come after us will be apt to settle theslavelf the Union was dissolved ? What does Brazil or Cuba aare for Anti-Slavery speeches in America ?Spn^uc. 7237 14781460 1412 644TotalMajority for Spraocs, 1,569.of Mr. Eldred, of Auburn, N. Y., who haa beea ab- 6007 sent from taat city about three monttis.1480 Ber. }. B. Rogers, one of the parties recsntlf10,577Trance began to doubt the honesty of all the public man coanected with the Citizen King, thus the suicide of several officers and officials discloses the rottenness of Aoatria.'Within one and the same week we hear of theof the at Mason and Dixon's line!"South,expelled from Kentucky, spoke ta tae (Centre Ckoreh 622 ta New-Haven on Sunday, giving a itarrmtive ef Wa•xeciited themselves. All thete men stood In an inti- mate relation with the Cotirt or the highest autbori- tiea, and therefore suspicion is rl/e that e. en moreseems to beelse,—thus deEcribes Mr. BccaiSAM himself:intended to express no opinion upon the power ofpowerful personscostly;you op-And we areto make It one of the In their own to see that this thing is clearly understood by thenever felt it But It was very heavy for all that and nation has been fruitful of nothing but evil. It has it ba's broken her down at last Her almost incessant divided the <»)unlry into two great sectional parties.It has excited distrust and to such jealousy, Ill-feelingan extent which threatens civil war and bloodshed, and brought in its train a host of otlier evils, withoutthem thrill along the nerveswas off Kent cat1012 1647of herby an annuiiy of jClOO. (in addition to a pension of thesame amount,) which annuity she owed to the deter-mined kindness of her friend, Mrs. Psoctob, (wife ofthat sweetest of singers and kindliest of men, betterknown to the world by his non de plume of Barry Corn- zens.Policeof the suicide, b>' hanging of Lieutenant-General Baron ErifATTEN;one single compensating advantage to the South, as a section, or to any class, or to any number of its citi-disunion movement. This letter- writer saysFboh Libkbia.—By an arrival at this port we already spoken ta Baltimore, Philadelphia, aadexecution of Capt. Soax, at-Verona;has beengained iu this uimatural:ilabor the latter duringyearslife,lightenedA Washington correspondent of the Charleston (S. C.) Courier makes a melancholy confeasion of the absence of real tone and meaning in the Sonthara"are involved in these transactions. Tines ana rare and will soon have anExcha?ige, OBITUART.s«cd during the Italian war spurious bonds of the ao-calied voluntary loan to the cxten: of one hun- dred and sixteen milUons, and all the Exchanges of Zurope unanimously found him guilty of fraud,need not be Informed that Mr. Bcchabah Is one of the inof^ delightful diners In tile world. He has a fundattempted planksplatform principles. They left It wisely,to the jurisdiction of that tribunal which the Consti-While welcome all theyThet«rk upon Vera Cniz. We have Feenagreeable aa the rrpast goes on, call- ing out one after the other of the cou.piiiv, and pay- did aot withdraw his confidence from the cua- ing compliments to the ladles, ocjaslonaliy takingcapitalIhforineii. tothree ot four of our prooilnenl citizens are aolisted lavery much like a dinner anywhereover the subject It would have defeated the very end they had in view. ClalmlnE that it should be regarded and treated aa a proposition sepa-The cooking is generally French cooking, thewould the State from Democracy, under their old true andIthere are not leiirate and distinct from ail political creeds, theyWhea BaroB Baccx, the Minister of Finance, is- porturity of hearing the ' great man ' Ulk. You have been guilty of singular inconsistency if they had tried leaders,of small talk for thear.ecdotes, and, as he is by no meansothers to helo them defeat the common enemy, they:la o <e of these (reu'iemfn a plat of thefable andmorethe high reputatirm he hau g:ili'edladles, a variety of old-fashionedof the juice of the grape, he grows more easy and more af-as the arbiter is eases supremea dra«»lBg of San Juan d'Ullaa. ItwasWashington Bilstolsparinghaswhich cannot be settled by mutual agreement, and ought not to be determined by a majority of voters on the one band, or rebellion aud disunion oifthe other. On thi.« sutject they prescribe no rule of party actionfrill,and nerfecti« iiow :be ensign of tae K. G. C's., If we are conectirbirthdayto taegreatsorrow of hitpaiiih-year ; M. Bbambuxa, a banker of Trieste ; and M,Psaooio,arichmerchant,werearrestedonsuspi- Mr.Buchanan'sSocialcioa of havlnir defrauded the Treasury of millions, ington correspondent of the Philadelphia Frees, after be divorced from all connection "with party poli- The Baltimore Patriot says of the Americans in logaiher with the abovementloned persons who had describing a dinner at the White House,—which tics. So far aj I understand their views, theyQoaliiiss.clared that the question of Slavery ought to Southern States Conference question."judiciary."The. death of Mrs. Jauieson is a great loss tothe literature of the arts, but a greater still to themany friends of this most exemplary, intelligent and the Courts to settle aud determine it I hold farther pracUcal"—makes the following pithy reflection upon genial lady. Few of the public knew under what tbat it is at Diesent a mere abstraction, and I consider its effect open the Anti-Slavery movement for the dis-of minute vegetable matter necessary to make all this. The forms found in this substance, when sub- mitted to the power of the microscope, are most ex-tonioiiumeut to his memory.to arect asaltabteIfand unreasonable st^Ve, the yorth has gained it all ;CongresstutionappointedAmericans of Maryland, and especially of Baltimofroer,- know how to take care of theirown State withoutanything" out of South Caro- The truth is, that disunion,havenews trom Liberia to the 15th of February. Thewhere."wall.) who raised the sum required for the purchaseby poison, of M. Mox vos fipsDBXES, Chlef-of-the of tills annuity by her own unaided efforts from and they have gained noiliing but a preponderance of lina, and a few earnest spirits here and thara in the papers contata -nothing of importance. Among theiby shooting, of Gen. PoiitTMia and Col.Father O'Toole, psator of 8t Patrick's (CaOoIJc) among .Mrs. jAuitsoN'a friends, and presented it to political power, w bich Is worthless to the great mass Golf States, is a mare game of the politicians. letters received Is one to Rev. Dr. Piksei, Corre- Church in Washtagtoa for the past nlae rears, re-whichUaax. Within the same week M. Ricarxa, the man- gift It is well that such acts should be known, es- live upon the public omces. It was a sense evitable Yankeesfrom seizing on their share ofthe pub-ager of the Credit MoblUer, at a salary of i:4.(iOa a pecially when done so unostentatioualy and bravely. of these evils which led to the formation of lic spoils. "This is the truth, and when a State acts onthe Union party, and, speakmg for that party, a ditterent theory, it is the fable of the mountain and —AWash-theNationalExecutiveCommitteehavede- theivouse.asexhibitedInthepresentformeftheColonization from Society,;the misuspectlng and astonished donee as aof voters, and valuable only to those who expect to /( is a raw head ieitkthey hopeto tke in- frightenspondtag Secretary of theMr. L. Setbocx, who went some years ago from Hart- tires trom tae postford. Conn., as a missionary. His journal of a tour loners.into the taterior about a year ago, it will be remem- The citizens of Washington bare subscribed bered,wasrepublishedtathiscountry,andattracted f3,S0Otowardstaesumof$15,000requiredtapraaaia some attention. His last letter speaks very favorably a statue of Henry Clay for tae Federal CaplbM.of Liberia. The Liberia Herald, of Feb. !->, says taat ' Rev. H. Grattan Giunness preached ta the Fkolf the President had left for Grand ;»pe Mount for theKlDg minister, who had succeeJcl in swind- wine Willi them. You never ask the President to — hlinouijre no aiticle of faith. One the main A new Southern daily paper, the Issue, has citable, and loss of renson was the result On Sun- connected tae Pnaa of this aUf, aad party of foiuie/ly wtjjtling such an amount by false pretences out of take wine with you, but waif to be Invito-i by him. ot'f'Cis €>f the L'ni'm or,Sttui2^Uion is, to get rid oj made Its appearance at Selma, .\la., W. J. Km.vxnr, day last M. Jullien s first conceit waa to be given, an official of high character, bota actively taterastodthat this price must be paid somehow. The lateCzar Nioiious knew this fact well enouiih, and ac- the moet genial could desire."resistance to returned some hours previous to his decease, and he Prt^sideLts,cepted It for better and for worsehe once openlypasstag around. The subscription which was adver- tised, and which in a few days amounted to a coa- slderable sum, will,- no doubt, be apprapriated to hisIsaacHaye',andothers. TheobjectofthaSocietyIs goreml In Its scope, and ladies will be adattted astold Count AnLXBSiisao,*';There is but one publicItMonNT 'Vkkkon Aoais.—Moek Money Wahied.express.his opinions, or exacted from others. They said,Tka (oeats of Count Tmonoai Cs«kt, who, when maintenance of the place. The lady writes:The Charleston (Convention will go far to deter-mills,the police forbade him to see his friends in lis own house. Such insolence maddens people totheimpendtog. Sunaldlay«,'»"'"' f>?' ;»•* «L' J^Z^'afUyaitj;"SSviSlT; '"> Pfoceederf.to the different cem- .V,Till" t'ityCouncil of New-Orleans ha* voted aeteries wneie the"tion that either the nominee of the Charleston (Con-to a Company for tae construction of a Itae grantITwhereadeiarlm.entof police "stopped tkelrprog- menced digging. The first article found was io taehorse-railroad whihh are to be disposed of by Mrs. Burd's will. the first experiment2S.:.22S^ • «*atpowemI;n^-ons, bat were,The was used In removing utmost careWilliam MetmKiiy,s of liM9 are buried, but eve-Public opinionIs fastsettlinginto the firm convic-tTwoaoaa caralry apoeare.! at thiscom-,y",'"cc.m^.Hi,i,:, „f soiai„„ ,„petrifaction.and preserving ail tlie matter from the bottom of tha gravfs, which resulted in tha discovery, in the upperthe PresidaBt's Protest the iarea- againstonetenta tor.,oraent Cleared the streets. We he^r that many«sU have^taken P'ace this ni„,t ^^l^J^r "ZouayecorpsorganizedWe cannot but lameu; s.„ i,Ikgogh they cannot lead to no serious resuu', stiU ",',„„•PI/iwthedriftofthepublicmin.!. Muchnii-sin, „.'aii' Is the fact that the Calvlnlht nota->nities !,•-,tuibed strata of shale, the form being distinctlysnhaldes Into the following ''intelliirmce ofttuilenia.piophsisriAMn. P.Zouaves, and the drill is similar to theirs. survivor of the Wyoming BanUta is Caplata of tae corps.*'«** in a conference at Debreczio, and -tBt-rTahlei;permittedha* eo by ettsbllshert aa a Damocratte P'^'l" TtoodosMltma presentrt-.sotw.' ( Ji.-H ''%"Told, on the 2«tn of April, district ineetinits.it l).--— .liq«,:aod she'r.Utoedpaper. Sister te the fort wbe;;e everr male w»a potsfalpe«t • .^Unty_ ."K^ .:.- ,;:( fiH-itzhi and at Mlnholez. disregarding Ine prohilji.nto aacertaia was origlaallyThe sisters lefit UtlHe raUW *» '^^'Sten000, oomprislog 800 vessel*.%i-s uf the niinistr>~.Thesereligiousdefiancemeet-Ill edltar,Mi. Wx. F.Cuia, luniagiteB fitt*br the tomahawk.nolli^ioi,ble, the head having Iain towards the west of ble means to InfluanceUta editors of certain joarsals * His Protest will be praaervad amoag the niost ofHarristoiahpaperhasani;;Jo-Aphia..>.Ias thesed.- :uiy o'.her facta appear, from a careful exainlna- t!.,ii i,r(iie premisef, to HURgest a doubt as to the uien- tiiv of ihe " lower with where thein Illinois:„Hocax0?RaraasniTATrrxs, )WAsanoToa. March 18M. ) atwas twelveThe Boston'aI;IIIone, of the mark of the colBn, on the hithertoundis-valuable books and pablic documents in the of Influencing votes, and with using disrepoU-''fubjprtestiinati; that it will require from (8,000 to may righ'fuily exercise over the subject of Union or Disunion.For if Mr. Ctjasi's Is platformat Lexington, he was, at the earnest solicitation ofHorace Maim, taduced to take charge of it and enter-and In one or two Instances ni^htto Cues aloae thl«^I.To Mapers that it Is proposed la your eoa tbapnftnaoeof aorBBfvUiMaftleaiiifortha oaztThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069—hours, at a given signal from tht I'refii.lent the com- times when uaities were ,Uvi.^..'i uikjq brinks, tariffs,but two days previously, M. Jullien was conveyed to a private lunatic asylum, having exl^ihiteJ the worst phases of madness. There are no pitrliculars of his demise further taan that. In consequence of so-re se- vere course of antiplJoglslic treatment, the patientthe |K>ckets of cautious Dutchmen; but ha is Alter remaining in this delightful society for several ^iuvtry as a puiitical ^'-i.-.x/'-m xow mortified to fee that h's generals aud oolice offi-To back the bringof the of the K. G. C*il designsctra, bankers and merchants, practice similar tricksagainst his awn treastiry. He is slid to be in an aa-Siy mood, and revolved' to have all the thieves arouad£tm severely punished. He ought to know that cea- go home to remember the hoSiiitHllUes you have as to the p<)wers and duties of Congress over the sub- has been done to justify it long ago, but we do aot caught a severe cold which fastened on his lunss, John Ware, M. D. and Prof W. B. Rogers, Vlce- tralizatlon has lu natural price ia corruption, ami enjoyed. Some of these dinners are dull and stately jscl in the Territories, to refer that question to the advocate it, because we think the South may, by a aud terminated in inflammation. M. Jullleu's reatnn and Otispany rise, reti?m to the receptioi* t,>o!u, where they are served with coffee -anfiiit^wetirj, or. If they prefer U, with bnuidy, after which you take your leave andliiteiniil improvements, foiei^-n relations, unit other legitiniate subjects of niiiionol Icglslatloii ; and if, in tlie course of events, a practical question should arise" We do not advocate disunion, although enoughton on Ihe 8ta, at tae house of Hon. Josiah Qvlaer, Jr. Jacob Bigetow, M. D., was elected Prasldeat;mough, butdelightfulJu.llctsry,bayonet resolute, united, uncompromising1 have known them to be asasrather than the ballot box or theHo member of It made any surrender of weakness has been ofonr own creation."SD'aa in my empi>e who does not steal." The Count,'~JB the belief that a compliment was intended to him, —Although the Ladies' Association have faiily ob cessity for the expression of anRegister,i ask your Majesty who this man is?" tainedoplnioi^ta London has been of wide utility.Within the past few months large onlers harejapUed, "Mayand NnnioLAS said, with that well-known stern ioiik,"trnftlf."Ia Haagary the petty annoyances still continue.*possessiantroubles have not ended. The Regent appeals for dl40 (KX), the Interest of which sum is to go lor theto our expectations, a case should arise, the Consti- tution has pointed out the best mode andk.ma^nor ofpromise, the Territorial question should be settled la the same way. It says:Bey. Cyrus I^irce, familiarly kno',yn as " Fatherbeen received ta Philadelphia for engines and boilersof a ma- elected by the majority vote In the controversy." AauTAsra ToaoaT, a wealthy gentleman at Pcsth, preserve the house and grounds In security and good jority, the exponents of consUtu'Jonal law, and they The proprietors af the United States Hotel of liaving mvited the Hungarian authors and musicians ornvt worthy their future national posltloa. Of this all shrink from that other alternative of rending the Washington have entered Into negotiatioa for thewas suc.~.essful. At The Second Adventists held a meeting ia Boa- tae expiration of the first three yeirs taere were ton on Saturday, April 7, to prepare for tae eadof toe forty-two, when he resigned In consequence of failing world-an event which taev regarded as Inerltablrthe gentiemea Imprisoaed for three days. M. ai d [providedwith a force suflinient toprotectandmake thefeelings,interests,orprejudicestares but the experiment pupils,residing m the capital to his country seat to a dinnerisum the itncuRl receipts from visitors may furnish from tlidO to $2,000, although those o^ the past yearUnion into fragaicnts, and writing the last chapter ofhealta, aud rettimed to Nantucket but at tae end ofIonly amounted to $l,2'28 25vested so as to yield the requisite interest"disposaLsumemouviy elected In 1844, tae school havtag been re- there was praying, stagingand exhJrtlBg, te tns j ._ ^.vfury1510 of March, toe anniversary of the Pesh revolu-tion,fbouldhivebeenselectedbythesmdeotsforagrand demoDstration in honor of the martyrs of lib-erty. vVita crape on their hats, some throe hundred''il^.?'*''',.*^'" 'o the Roman Catholic church, was made on the 22d ult for the grave of Roosa ]IS^iJV,?*^''"-'"'''<t a niaaa to be said for those—^JSlJiJi'" i?. "^^'J' hut they found the gates shutA SI-ELECTION. l!S.,.^mSere a,7- '''^^"""ery at last two of the upper grave, about five feet below the surface. This (111.) News, In publishing the annexed latter of Hon.;SEABCn FOR THE GbaVE OF RoOtE WILLIAMS — The Providence Journal states that a careful searchacquainted with my views. I am. wiUi great respectverjmUyyours.^^^c.^^ MOVEMENTS IN ILLINOIS.Mr. Datiding all the luxuries of a first-class hotel during the resign on accotmt of his health.cantlnuanee of the Convention.A Hiasisaippi paper, without hesitation, aaunci-ates Ihe followiag prophecy, which, ia its oracular luaidlty, is certainly Delphic :WniiAM*. The North Burying-ground was explored. It was at length discovered that In one place an ex-Shlppen Burd, of Philadelphia, died ta taat city, April 6, aged 66. She leaves a property valueJ at nearlyamillionofdodara. Afterailthe alpro-r«utar •• SoDimer" wages, as haretaiore, ta April. u'w"e 1st of May.hadby two In breadth, and there the workmen com-cavationbeen made, about twelve feet in length- BOM I. B. WASBBVBM?i,''."fJSS^1^rt hi'?"' *'« others, together with ws» a half corroded hinge. Soon, nails began to ap-!?TM43^ i«Kne Thi '""'>'">'lc assSmbled, at- pear, to some of which adhered pieces of wood that E. B. WASHinaai,Jl^'^S^^d wmimi. 1"';'^" •''='»<=l>ment fired on had so absorbed tlie iron-rust as to soem almost like has circulated extensively, but privately, under hiscity.departedtater graves have since been opened,mamorabla of onr State papers, and wlH b* preadlyWeoden, masBBCM. Ut^Weeden»'*•-"*' '^^Shippi^ wa'ltaLn^at.!tt'eta tae tadia* and PaclfcUme. Tbe tot.l loaaafe ef toat p«rt Is MBtnemoccupythesamerelativeposition crave" the spotirn.aliix ol RooiE Wiuxuis have been uoulder fof well nigh tn-o hundred yean.lafairadtoaaanauthoritylyhissufrsiBOii."y""'^;chargevial- uting Five hopenodarata,tecumentlu eflect" anythere is no case before us—there is no ne-its settiement"There may be a variety of opinions among thePelrca,"Cubaand ta tae establishments makiagDZSIBBSG. Cbolt, editor of the Bockfbrdsped viaioBS of the will are complied ulta, tae personal estate is to be divided into ten shares, two ofwhich hefrank, charges hbn with opposing the mileage reform bill to the best of his ability, with voting for it only when he saw it could not be defeated, with distrib-allegesthatgentlemani"for tae"I,for one, would discard utterlyStansbury, tlers iB Ctactanati, Is nowone of the caiBeatmosttheln,««..'r'f'"''"' "VS'atltude; h" If SeypubUca^"Ba«a«o/c°ra^tVanTd'b'ek'caPr^e^sbyPro-s aver^probata,beqoealhslatanBl ofUu aieaaares aad reioiead nwitif a for an attack am a•aaoMid.to Rockford A>tr* IStohisof his present term of ofBoe, it became my duty te bBTC stcod DP Id (ktniressiu vindication of tha eoa- ChaileslOh CoBveBtiOB, aa a oomprmnlBe caadidats, careluUy survey the field in narob of a caadldata vlctloi s of my constliuenls,and resisted the escroack- be being well knewn t« be thf aaooad choice of thesawthaibeforeactual warfare against the Goveromeat p«nil(>f its xmtil tht Ue^'OTOt^ P'rty cannot be said to BplkeeireflSeaof (ha Kattoaal RapuhUcsn. Cm- war of Mississippi, ia which haarms taken from the Hungaiiai* peoiria after the rer9- 1ProSUvery Onoa- postti^^ patahwB] ZxeoBilva CeaiiBltiae I acna yaotbisclr- thato sell tbem could not bedisputed, though the have a majority tn t single the ».?*Mason Mr- Y aa^nomlnatloa »f Senator,e.ld«iea ofrightexercise of it and meaoaessMlat letter; aad beg r»nra>t»>ltea to the tana.^^J. T. Moieaa, Bomlnatod aa aa elector in Alabama/is theththdnuofrom JtqmMteaa President should be taaiigarated. Not that the election of a »«d which hare no had a splendid sword, the sheath of which was of Democratic Party. He was, tiierefore, in a pasitioa Prealdeat on any platform is illegal or uneoaatita-umayibylnteraatloaalitlpulatlona,would; in of the muchthe sweUhig tide of Black R«aitb>-pabliahaa eoaiBsonicatioB from Haa. Haaar 8. Fooii, ex-(}er-The Democratic Party will hara accomplished its highest duty to the cotmtry, when by a course of film and consistent adherence to the (Constitu- tion it shall have maintained the righta of tha people2*and a tall and handsomely-proporUooed foia. Be toto abolish nomination of lution reada thaasittlBg on theolaIinalsto ? starving deatkpttvato"He messes with the toidshlpaiea, keeps hie iam vrith great respect, your obedient servant JOHN T. MORGAN.THE CINCINNATI PLATFORM. LkTTBB FBOX BOH. B. t. HALLETT..sameasifhaweretha sonofaHon. B. F.the Cincinnati Platform, has writtea a letter to the tlobile Uerevrf, in regard to itsoonstruetiOB.of whichThat aa a fhndamental principle in our politicalta from him sayscanditirnftl right to form and adopt the governmentleaven.aged 82.A recentletter:I aeredwhich they may think best—and that no other condi-conciliate:but what would such a speeeh be worth to:Kansas to iBTast to make full paytosat efMaryland"The dominant OppodtloB majority in the State consists of the votes of Americans, and those rotes will count just as well in November next, to redeemtae wars and misuoderstaiidlngs of tae native tribes in that sectlou,—Baltimorefollowing particulars are given ta tae Eagiish papersupon which he calculated establishing in the FrenchPresbyterianAvalancheThe Memphis saysSunday.as in times — as I think- Americans everywhere.G. C.'s.) ta thisof the death of Jullien arinrd and e.-iuipped for a foray Into S[>nora or an at-:purposeaif settUng, as far as practlcaole,pastpleasedtaan 250 of tae Knights (K.city, fallp'Hetr judgment assailing me almostgave -Joha ChamberB, oftfa« at oaaliaa Klftt. PhUaddptla,}(aia^MtoRepublican Democrat such as Piaxos ortheyaot save aChancellor ia not ta belar featnre of his brother'swho drew" The anxiety con- will never give up the command of the field. The sequent on the getting up oi a new aetics oi concerts,CtIatevhaadsefof Feracooperate wita tae Juarez aaa party,Editor. The sheet is a small folio, very respectably g.itup. and, moreover, Anti-Disunion In Its priaei- ples . The editor's Introductory says :lit the prosecutioaA Sanitary Association was otsanized in Bn.Clapp,ag- present were Mayor Lincoln, Judge RusaeU, PraC This 1 apprehend Is what the Committee meant to gression preserve herself aad the Union also. Our passed away in perfect consciou&ne.-^s of what was Koeers. Kev. A. A. Mtaer, Dr. Andrew BIgalew, Dr." PrRcilcal men whom I hare consulted on this mcmbeis of the Comml'.tee as to wliat powers Cou- mine this question, and upon it hangs immediate In 1639, when tae first Normal School was estabUshed up tais work the hands are calmlployd UTthce sfsrcdMatye,thepoUce had, at Lent time, forbidden a bail as}i(Vbw a political tendency, entertained the gaextsCODlagtothefestivalathiscastle,wereallbrought $l0,ui)OBPimallvtocovertheexpenseswhichmust frleasvseryintheTerritories,buttheyallagreethatto adoDtedbythatbody,theUnionisalrea..ysectlonaUy before the jncge, the ladles were fined, a^id b*" incurred if Mount Vernon is to be. kept In repair, submit the question to a popular vote would be to divided, aad a Northern sectional President will bechartering of a substantial new steamship of 1,800buttheremaindercan- Thisletterisentirelyatyour ItcontainstonsfortheroundtriptoCharleston.Theshipwill the oftaeschool,towhichhewaaunani-dtstrnctionof "'%^h,rSS.lfa?M£SSits history with blood.and It was, therefore, qui'e natural that the not be safely, relied on, except from a principal In- nothing I have any desire to conceal, and nothing sail from Baltimore in connection with a special traintwo years he was so far recruited as to be able to re-which I shall net repeat again aad again, in public a(<;ars from Washington; vrill be fitted np and pr» andinprivate,toallwhofeelanydesiretobecome ylslonedfor125cabinpasaengenforthetrip.Includ-moved toWestNewton. Heconttauediurevivalspirit , ,A large number of laborerspentthebi inaad exhort aad distribute tracts—soul.lietter, but how caa thatdetermination be carried out? Thereisnoonetoaidthem. Noonewillemploy a thief or a hariot If their former charactersassist orbelieve that the convictions of mllUsiu of tme be known—no matter bow sincerely they may have remainder to Mr. Wn. BaocmsB. 0.. penj^ghor, legard veritablepractices" of hell." Too;qulsita uponMs home.He be went'to says•volvers. It will bear an engraved represaBtatloa at the old Ptae-ttee Sag, aad tae InscriptiOB " Sit Urn- ad astro."Mad. Geo. Sahd and Mad. 'VKnoR Hir<H> ar- rived ta Paris the middle af March. Mad. Sian waa of all the States in all the Territories," and uphold scratch than polish metals. True tripoli is made up BuHertag from lUness, but was engaged ta lint«M»|f aof theI am content to leave"decree is about to appear to this effect. This rumor, idea of intervention with in the Constitution and the Union. He has nottUng to of the remains of minuto vegetables. What is new playof Mr. Hallxttty years, upon the Slavery Isine," to the judgment it to the indeoendent con- of the whole brotherhood of Southern and Northernaak of them but their good opinion.WsNDaix PmLLXpa' speech at Brooklyn, which it char- acterizes as " like ail the speeches of Mr. PmLurs—Emperor.It Is thirty foot deep. Only think of the vast amount late Hon. Lewis C. Levta, of Ptiiladelptila, wlthaatmoreepigrammaticand' sentimental thaa logical orand wonderful. The late Prof. whichFortPutnamstands.Bailxv ofis the full vote for Governor at the recent election in7th.m the course oi twenty years ta En^ lan-l, was too iiiurh for!12,146txpulsion.. The shoemakers of New-Haven are to be ai.dressed this week by Mr. Draper, of Lysa, who haai£strtmgiy adroeate*DoaoLis the Ckariestoa byaf thisClty.dtad athlsHe waa Ihe fktharCoebi'tt tothievesate mck aAgr all ta bebanajr of Baanisasw' «h*sad despair. Why preach,to them—why "call them to Ughtansjbe public ob tills Importaat pofad, sIb:-^ Bb repentance"—if when they come forward they are re- is a natira of Hampton Falls, Nepulsed,with aa graduate of Phillips Academy. Exatar, B. 84 ^tfand forced back into sin w-Haafabln, mi. hofagainstandthefor its success so long as there is a prospeet of the at-tainment of these ends. I shall do this la the earnest form ere it is too late, and w'btild again lead an honest tbe cotrespondence found at the hooaaof Biawa.Republican Party, frieads. 1shalltabordishonest and fraudulent I wlU not tempted, how I struggled, how I fell.howI desire to re-self to hisandask a small place in your journal, withoutotherany hope, them.and all because there Is no one to savea temperamental all times keenly senjj live and ex- the enterprise;among others wa wot of aleatleBBBin its comments upon Ur.—there is no Ccaar's late speech in Congress, argues that as the widow and family, ai.d to tae expenses attending his members, it may be made to do a great good.- ThatThe Mobileof Mount Temon, their financial occauon even to agree to disagree,' and if, contrary Union of the States was originally founded on com- illness and death."urgedanygenerally pretty mischief. onetermof themhappened laaaadlalatpand raised the who was Mme. »u lady, Bb-"affinity"- seekers, who own "ahiirher law than mar-and are the the foulest blot New-York has everthey condemnas a ntiisance in the community, and the''<»«»•••. «*• Mr. Samnel Q. Ogden, a weH-knowaappetiavrith theParsons peerage has graduaUy risaa te Mka •grateful is there to aid BaonoHABeap aad baOs ofhMBf ft* belt a( ttota 1800, and consequently coming ta asUpoBthatofattampttac tosuicide on the same night by taking laaaBmii. Ttm cause of mental waa Be eotoaseneeaeatwas The upaetEmpetor.to bebut the latter, having fatated froto deserved by tiiose could, when site recovered, scatixly thaak hisroETborne the odium atoattsa,and haveofit hasbeenobtainedFftSelford.died at West Newton.Mass., April 5, agedt70.He was one of tae oldest teachers in Massachusetts. in taeed his labors 3d July, 1S39. He begiiu with only year, from taat city, will exueeduponcharge of the school until 1649, when be was agata compelied toandmioen ia thsSebnylkill coal regions are oa a strike. This IB Mrs. Eliza Howard Bard, widow of Edward caused by several he.vy operators refMtog to pay theof tarongh Esplanade and Canal streeta—meat"The Troy (N. T.) Budget, after a burst of enthn- tenth to Thomas M.Brockholst LtvingatonConvention will, for the next four years, hold the relna of Gavern-equalOn»4antt is to go to Hev. Dr. Ducachet Rector of St The Muscatine (Iowa) Journal states that Mr. .ventionor the nominee of theChicagoof the kind ta fhatthe officer who was commlssloaadstasm upontlgatian by Congressoondoet of electloBi, which be Umaelf prefaired,;one-tenta to Mrs. Maltlandtae Slate witaout to pay his board-eiii. stopptagof ahargea of eorraptlon In therataeseph B. Townsend, another eiecutnr.wa vivi.l^afjf Dear Bir : I observ2e3, the pa- The Weekly Olcbe, publisbad Lexlagtaa, III., sacte Bntll her death. &h« warse~a''i«"„2?°'^5."",'SitledDot; Stephen's :one-tentt to St Stephen's Church one-one-tenth K. Price, one of the exectrtorsjand oac-tenthWilltagone-tenthofto U'O'Y Camp, Vl/gtala,hasfroata Philadd- of tte Frearii Bdwaitt;- to tiitato a'lest Ba'-elay (Coppic Iowa,j .u the death;"to Ctactanati ta 1805, when there were but three M(kwhich was soon to be the leading taeatres.A Paris paper states that M.—a son, we presume, of the celebrated iirbeioto.ol Honor from taeIt is in contemptation among the friends of theregardpolitical distinctions,and that he intends his obligations.The body of tbe man found drowsed at Bew-Ilaven a few da} s staee, has been as that recogolzadChurch m Newark last BUSCEI.I.ANBOUS.of tals kind of work to be sen$t200 000.has beenIts tmlform Is precisely like tn^tOaInMalMM te ''^'tteonaiir Iallowed tatitulardiittacUoB. AaorTreasurer. those Among' www.fultonhistory.comMMgfii^ kdMii*A)B.atoa,o. A.^