I:lt*W ftionsparel,,against $27,931 According to the American Treaty the Port of lington and QuincyChicago, Bur-increase the last week ness of holders,>»yy. Itsdeaad'*Me.fcreceived anImpetus which waa not to bein Japan'»Irtag llvaaof s ulnta from with sdmirablatheymonths,' St. MoCuaraox moved aTOte be taken by ayes snd noes.Nligate ou^htto have beenopenedthis the in March on theshippers to purchase. At the doaa, tha aalkM «•It was moved, by way of amendment, that the Con- fveace conraf.A Voici—" Not toshot through the coat-sleeve and hie skin grazed a lit-—remainder of the expense J. W. PsTTiaasw, con- water the sea was scarce eight feet deep near the—avenues Attheexpenseoftbeownersentirely.Tiiiity-sevcuth-stieet, between Lexington and Fourth avenues—The property owners paying all theatThe arrivals have been modeiale. Caaada nMt'hM been more freely purchaaed, usd it has adrSiad.Dr. McCuaraca expressed hisIke amendment, but his uability to propose it, as he eant to vote No.tractor. shore, and that consequently it would be most dan- >oity-second street, between SUth and Seventh gerous to throw out anchor in tbe hartwr. For thiswhole month of of MarchAlter some remarks by Rev. Mr. Fxsxis, he( Iti.f.)road for the fiscal yearThe DirectorsendingMarch 31, isRye $72,243. rested, and prices have dedlsed.~'Ofercd the following substitutemeress, The Kew-Tork (;onference has hemtoforsdefended its position on the question of Slavery by re- peated votes, sadof Jourr WxslstRtpublicaru Thirty-seventh-street, between First and Second the status of tbe whole question, both as regards the?tion, which was already a nulUly, would not be votedomiesBoston,deliveredmoderately inquired for. at ditwplng jaleaa. Oata Directors. No have been In better request, and hi^ar latai hiimhe wo'uld not vote for the substitute, because it did notclearlydefinethequestionatissue. Theywould sot drive their Southern brethren into a worse posl ttoB,oraidtiielr slave brethren to assume a better,thlamatterfurther. Hewouldstand the slave, but not In such a maimer ss to drive bothstreets wl'h the trap-olock pavement, and it was the passage of these resolutions wiucn called from the Board the tximmuricatlon from tbe Croton Commis-cease—we atjide by the taw as it stands. No man should be supported by the sound men of any section of the Union, who Ignores, or repudiates tills settle-The following is a compaiKitive statement of the Imports of Foreign Drj- Goods at New-York for the week and since Jan. I':iwuuWMk. is&s. isaa. Enteredattheport.... $386.(35 $1,345,834Thrown on Market.... 19 923,<>52 37,615.478Theby agltatlncbyand leave a deficit of over Thirty-fifth- street, between Fifth and Sixth aranues1,311,401Ihe slave aad hla master to destructionAfter some remarks br Bev. las Psssis, Rev. Dr.HcCumocK snd Rev. Wa. H. Fsuis,Rev. L. M. ViBcisT stated his belief that although$100,100.au' motion, which he The heartily approved.iloB—A Portion of tbe Oelecatea Elected— aieeliog ef the Aiitl-!»laTetT Soelety—Aa* nlversary af the Tract Society.From Our Own Oorrespondeat.Reade-street, from Broadway to Washinfton-street on the same terms.Third-avenue, from Fifty-sixth to Elghty-elxth streets—one-third bv the City, and the oiner two-104 .'^ Hf. of Cotttn. 283b30 101^ Mf. of BUk... 2«Sb«o 104;^ Uf. of Flax.. 384 101,660 115 16.483 667sug- agestion to meet the Erie resolution fair and square,6O0OVa.Stata6s 93k 753060 Gal. State 7s.... 89 100e,(lGO k.i(.3dil3.'83b30 84 262.000 do 84 12ErieR>ilroad. 3,(00 Erie R.4th m. bs HH 60regarded as a very wise one. Bev.Mr.Soaimsremarkedthatif evertbe ErieTCSolaUonwerealivingone,it wasaliveyesterday. It was their duty to set on it now, and if they wanted ta kill tt, to kill it St once.Ber. Mr. Baova argued that the failure of the reso- lotloo to reaea the Oregcai Conferencei was in itself..B3ia4 13K13)i 13 VOiMisccllan's... UTotaL. i,6ID $«76,«n 406ta Un^«« lli opfedon oa tt befwa it could go to the Generalreassembled in Rev. R. M. Hstfuld'sA. M., to-day, after the usual religious exercises.Rev. Dr. J. H. Fiut moved that theBishop be requested to present a series of resolutionstransmitted by the Providence Conference. adapted.ferred.Bishop Siarsoir said he eould find no rule exclud-ing thb vote of such a member, bat that by the usage of the Church such member could not vote.13.000 Mich.S. 9dm. bs 46fi H-adson River K.. 3814 60 Erie R. Ass. St'k.. 13!,30 do409 Harlem R. Pref-- 38 ,LOAFS.*ASBS.CiUiens' Bank •6.370 812 $6.376104Svioi-- 7.VBafiffBKey. Caoaaa L.eaBai lateiest101 .140 99 26 Am. Exchange Ba.102 40 Market «ank 102 26 MetropoUtan Bank.113I" tiCanal Bank... LouisianaLools'na StateBee. A TradersBank cry. O.. gouthein Bk..: Union Bank...) 1,660 Merci anU' Bki CresCfitClty.Kmn and others Indulged la a MafeoUuquy,which,inthe main,posseoednope-presiding Tills was4,000 Gal.A C.2d M.IiB. 90 l.OCOPet. H. & Tol. B. 6226 Maohattai. Bunk ICOChatbsm Bank200 'o 300 do too do 100.bia43i4 sl04i'4 SIS 421.676.730 3,-i41,973 4,7a) 4041 i,e6s,ixo l,l<68 6181,653,^65 3 2t>S367 6,l)34,'.)74 1608 .282 1.64*: .312Bethetiptoceededtomakeaspeeeb, of which waa that the real subject under dls- eossloa was Slaeery Itsdf, and that It was not per ss asln. Ifttwereasintherewasnochoicebuttoturn tbe Blaveholder out of tbe Church. If Slavery were..Mielilgan Cen. £. . .vnilbs(1stdo. do., do., do., do., do., do..47)4 blO 47J4 47>i 47!<..S30 47.S60 47.b3a47H Total.,.1•awtMlMar ttoCorpon-"•IttNiMa. HaMldand hla MikBSwMmMU* forcleared of United SutealOSi'SlOSinooD, after aome sales at the Board at 103Iaeree-TbcGreatFlre-AaaerleuTrMa, 1874, we.taBOTdliMily B«««leaaed tM TUian to hl<prioclpalholdersof registeredfiveaCMr B^Bda.Canyoo,Mr.SAtoc,gHeabondholdamyI^ht onthlsBubjeetrkkdntnwdriaidkiaMrlD valto«WtPortnaaatk.Charboorf,Ostaod,AMwam hehsdbeen aad UaboB, b««gra fotaf hama Id Decembar naxtaadIka taproTaatrat of ub papUs demudad tbtt keikaaMba<B tbeBOTe,aau toanabla tbaai to t^eabaanattopa and parfsra othar dntlet poc«Uu tottaif paaltlia>Convertibleawere in lessIhla part thu ba Intended.woolo of erroneous intorpretauoo. aotbe susceptibleOOVERNMBNT.^cent,on honestladebtadneaV. no deflaite MttaMW Wm» thaa aaterad lato a bdafwta tfca eaptato uuiwjei uliig tha sin sad armsaanttook his seat. Acent., making a rise -of 6 very largeGENERAL'MARKETSr"'^Niw-Yoai, Pilday, April U,•( Mi Mm, tto laaka la the BrasUlaahsd no result, need hardly bo reproduced.reailons of our larger amounts of money.great houses, who 68 brought^ ^The secondscent. Hud- bbls.II reported reoelpta of theprtaetaal hM«•of the Croton Aqueduct Department, in repavingand repairing the pavements of the City, have been the presence ol the obstinateactively resumed, and are pushed forward with ener- ese authoritieB, and the almost lasurmounable dlffl gy and success. The working force for the presen culUes of exchange. Eight ships, of from three tosix hunored tons, have left this port alone forV Wiw IMB aa>Wl|Jhld both th*. Csptalnandoopositionexpected, of theanding Funds were rather easier thanUS^ WT— >a ofthe Blavfjij '4taeatl«aIBastaeaa Piaceedlaga—Ml—toaarry Operatfoaa*of a'corarau- consideringand Ohio attS 30««5 35derotionf, reports were Teceived as to the characterand standing of Tsrioos candidates for admission tothoroughly ventilated, both in the atMtract and con- crete, he would move that, in order to reach the mainway. South-street,fromWhitehall-stieetupasfarasre-pairs are needed.East Broadway, from Chatham to Grand-street.the combustible nature of the materials of wnicn tneExtraState. Superfine Westerntke'mlslsfry.TheSecretarymoreCthstthequestionwhichhad onthetable.Greeuwich'Street, from Battery -place UD.Front-street. Irom Fulton, and woritlnK upwards.The gangs at prvsent are not all completed as to mats.. almost stereotyped rates which have obtained for Inferior Extra Ohio fteen made the order el the day should be taken up,a<i materials of little weight, fastened numbers, and two of them have not yet oeen set to together by pegs and, always moving wltli the osciilatioas,and work at ail, but will probably go on the upper and never down under tbe mflaeuce of these ter-about six weeks past. Southern and Canada Extratrade brand. Genesee$M lit (mnon-coDcniTence,that the$16,028against$13,360lastseason,firstweekinApril,on werelessbuo;antSouthernFlourhaabaMilKltaaIrIt, beeansa eTery Annnal Conference mustChurch, atS.'^do biOI OCOTe'reH SA.Mm. 37Aprtl 7.March31.:declare a half A Cincinnaticash dividend Sasbeen In request at uslfima been decidedly more aetlTeto willingness accept$13,142 on the Daytonand Hamilton. The increase on the last named Tbe total sales of Wheat Flonr dailaatogether.—oae-half toSalea at the Stack BxchBB(e....ArxiL 13. $S,0CO U. 8. te '74 Reg. 103 1(5 Pacific Usil S. Co. .10437,664,U3alreadrHe hadl i<fc sad Kaw-Torkan ss well, in return! og nostd change of discipline? Why, nothing. He ||he bsd than with any tinkering amendments that could be made to them.to-dav. MlWmkM te Q« MMe. Ik the Fortuaeae Tern«culsr, rould work Bore and accomplish more with tbe toolsMortgageswere better.leiks, Wi(r,> CwWUk 4m Captain grardooelr acknowl-I am fieatly obllned tomenand a foreman, the whole under the personal direc- tion and snpervialon of Mr. Fosna B. Wixuuss, thus giving occupation to about 275 men, including those250 Rio at bags; 100 ten Siie.«llKcRev. Jseea BeiBV. of Newark, was Introduced to the ConveatlOB, and, being asked to speak, expressed Ito OR* taOen readfly eompUed. One or tUe beT- bis entire concurrence in the views of the previous aaJWOiaJ «atheBraslHsnwine—«compound speaker,andsaid that sixty years' experience hsd )kiaii|»iaaifiil •trenglh msT be tnegined when it 1« satisfied him of the hot that tlie workiag of the rule %t eren the Cltr fstheia tfaooght it wsa as it Is was beneficial. He hoped, therefore, that ttaev would let It remain as it is, [" Amen,"] and iet wella sell, part seller's option. The price COTTON—Baa been spariagly dealt ta at!^^. -JH MiMti were tbenlDTtted to takes put-in New-York under Central,;may be bellerad,NotwittetaBcUiis the fset tbst bat few of the hosta «aold ipesk the ^ngllih lsnr"€«- ^' gnett* were poHtelT entertilned, and by elgee fhown the most In-curiosity.events, however, have thrown theii^ Mifc-wnhwhi^ Inrltstloa, itTwo unpleasantone lime tool St. lales.at ft. 133ie., Vi ilatSted^ cent, off on receive (I SO per day, the foremen (2. and the dirt apesking of two large fires, which occurred here, the the eariy dealings, but returned to about Thurs-of the ehlp, the cnss, email arm>, waid- TOOB*. *e. The Tiiit wss highly enjoyed by sU.After a'more ptoaaaat jonraey to -the •ban, in s tug which was sobettlnled for the eaiaU boats, snd the safe ttowage of a aabatantial and rtekercki collation at Tsp Tm'i> No. S Dey-stieet, theTldtori npsrsted wtus strong iBiretsloD that ««Mt to the BrazlUan ew »eMe was qoita a faatnis In their Hres.There an slloaether sereaty leeeia le of all claues In the Braillian Nstt. The limber of which they are kaUtUinlalybrongnfroaiQieprovinceofPars.TfflTHODIST EPBGOPAL CHURCH. VHB NEW'TOKK. CflMFBIUSNCE.The Conference wsa Tesumed yesterday mora- The order ot the day was then, on motion, taken up and proceet^ed with.iag at8}< o'clock. At the conclosion of the ordinary Dr. SriicKiAnn said that ss the -question had beenDYEWOODS—Sales 2S0 tonsivettisg partIn attendance, not only now. but to all those who shall be present on future occasions. The Con'erence, at about ten alnntes past 1, ad-journed till 3 P. M.ArriBKOOK 8K8StOR.Tbe meeting was opened with tbeagainsttebaeoo. Certain ohs^ges affecting the conduct of main question and then, if that were negatived, towestern section of the Ciiv.BELGIAN OB TBAF-BLOCK PATIMXRT.This speolesof pavement » h'ch has met such uni-cent. lair business early in the day, but closing with- out the slightest perceptible alteralioi. in tbe ratesExtra Miasoaii request,prices. Sales to-day, amount to 3.900 bbla.,atljnto SO for poor to good Mlt> superfine Alaxaadiia,more, drc, and t6 35iat7 50 forfaaey tochoiaaaxtaa.JUv. Lraiui W, Wiutobib were submitted by Rev. Mr.^Kxma. A CoaimUtee of Investigation was ap- .pelnted, and Rev. SimocsTAB DcBsn wss assigned to the office of proseentor. The order of the day, which was the discussion of the Erie resolutions, ^>as tkea taken np, and a lengthy debate ensued. 'Thoaa leaolntloos, whleb were adopted by the Erie Aannal Conference, which met in Brookvllle, Penn-aylvsnia, on the 12th of July last, are as follows1. Resotvtd^ By tiie Srle Annasl Conference in Con- fezesce aasembJtd.-thst the Annnal snd tieoeral Con- ineaeebe xeqoeated to ooneur in so smendiog the Geo-eral Anle on Sisrery, that it khsU read si foUawa "Theboylag. aelllng, btidiDc cr transferring of..soy'kaaaa being to be need in lisvcry."1. RaoheUt That ws recoiDmeDd the saspenslon of thea3k Xeteieed, That our Biiheps be, and they are herebylaapeetfally requested to orcient the foiega'ng rualu-tkmatoall ihesnnaat Conftrencea of the m.. E Church Providence Conferences when the proper time ar- larthaireeDenrTesce. L. D. WILLIAMS,versal is approbation,has, a however,Teanh Bestrietlve Bnle, tor the purpose specified tka foiegcins resolution.and and during the present year the guttering,Secretary of the Erie Annsal conference. Jfuariixs, Joly i«. laa.the trap-Diock pavement;(80,000first-class60dayacceptanceswaataken 45c.i345}4c.;WesUmatTin rale of ttas:referred to therein reads;The maikat ari^S snd Western Flour opened with only agreeofanimation. Tbewaalharwasi,and impeoed out-door operatioaa. Taasdhy,TdiaeiplineKr.Wak^B-Oar-4. There Is only one condition previously required of tkaa* vhe desire to enter into these tk>ciet>es—"a dejiie taflee from the wrath to come snd to be ssved from tkatoilBS." Bntwksnerer this is really fixed in ttie sou,iswillbeshownbyItsfruits. It is therefore'ez- aeetpcd of all vk»eentiune therein, that they continae SD evideDce their desire of sslvsiion.Thlsdeeire Is to be evinced In several ways, such as .avoidlDc druAkeaness^ putting on'nf gold, or coscly ap-&coon.) "The buying and selling of meo, women, snd children, aith sn intention to enslave them ":and (the point referred to in ttie Erie reioluowners of property dividing the expense equally. Twentieth' street, between Fifin and Sixth avenues —T. CoBKUisBiH, contractor, the owners of propertypaying one-half.tlon of our Industry, .but he will never confess that he Is Inferior to us.last season on thedlspoatilaa:I,ofrepaved, under contracts with this Department, wltn sand dollars, or more than a million of francs; those In our own Discount market tf>-day a line of 000 bushels, including Canaia and Stata, lilniiii:precedenton neavy.private teross, Bales havaRot. Dr. Nathsi Bahss inquired whether a mem- ber of this Conference, who had been transferred from a (ta, all slaves should be at once manumited. He another Conference, could vote here on a question on which be had already voted before he was trans-Amity-street,318,671 1.613 706 8l4 799,628Asaebt there was a great deal of mawkish poetry 'ttaoitUaSlavaryantation. Immoralitygreweven ««tof tbe very aarnage relation itself, and would •Bjrdantasaythatsoebarelationwassinful? The vaiy Bafabateet would any one charge that Oe iBStltaflan of tbe Sabbath was sinful r He be-46 Peso. Goal Co 100 N.T. Cent. B 300 do...IKO do...iVn.... 79ii 10I23,199.2631b waa aade a d^ of drunkenness, idle-200the to do...do 22!<aaaa aad debaaeberyUeved Sodatjr had an Inkarant right to make that a member who bad so voted, or haa had an op-.b30.7!l!4 79>s607Cle.Cal. bOin, R. 91!i;Rev. Dr. Jiais Flot offered a resolutionlabor eoapalsor* on aay nan who waa unwilling to labor for himself. It was a ftUacy to say that theportunity to vote before, could not vote here.The bearing of this resolution upon the Slaverybeae2!i b60611i 61!iworld owed eveiy man a living on the ;between the rails. 610 Tweniy-elghth-stieet, from Eighth to Ninth ave- too100 60contrary, Every- negro was improvident and laxy.the advantage of the Anti-Slavery Party to adopt it. The Ckmservative Party, on tlie other liand, would lose a vote if It was passed. It was, therefore, a testspace•very one owed his labor to the world where thebe0 26)4 2«'i sl026^i Scuih-street, from Whitehall to Corlears-street, at 60 do... .sl» 78i4 2U0CUC. 6R.1S.B. ... «3!«bVhaapiKtiMM ia slavery. AU our prosperity, he liimlalii waa4m*totbewaaltbwhichwederlred troB the Boattam Btataa. [Laughter and ironical applanse.] Tba brattw ailsht laugh, but perhapsand in making the estimates it was as- sumed that the proportion of cost to the City for the Belglaa pavement, where cobble stone pavement is now laid, would be in many Instances one-third, andtaay did not kaow what ttay were UugUng au ADsuas*B—AtBselharKiiiaflet1,000 L.C.fcM.L.G.B. 10 IfOwould give staiiatlea to dM>w that half tbe produce ^.•Boney broaght Itaa tba Boath to the Kortb an- ajally wja not retamed br tba Mortbto tbe South, Wdaet Wa brethrea hwe 4olr oodha a«l sngar, and,Bank 276 Pacific M. a. CoISO do 46ErieB.99 tado b3oii;,moved that <>PJ««ed thisigyiPff- .[Lau^ter.i It was aUooiaensa foaay to recordAW)i IS—P. M.ntl'S'^' wrtafciy,iteeemedcuriousteseaabrethargatup wi..i;„ii"S*"^they be now considered,eieeeded in26 Del. I..5i22.i*°^*°"Titheirtebaoeot iLsaghtar.]the special order nowItsany yeardelegates, Ji^HfiLS^,?"^'^*^•P««'>»«haoettaaaUrt rfitr*S':.r'"'chargedthattherewasanelTorttoand ai aof dollars would be entailed by the awarding of themm?"?—'*?.i 'o.hlacks were aalafettor race, aad 0«4The.*•ehaiaa.tion ofHlasouris, the ofieting is light, and prieealaa black man was ^Th.^£ i''S"""'°-.„."e'^««<lwere foUowed br My.Mb, WmMtsa, who. In reply y> '""T-."/- Jt*"*. Made a jtnan AbeHUea speech,gs'ea to tbe General Conference.ke(sii|bt.«vl,H«uTOlaraad Coupons «f UeS and •nd., JDatbatt|M«B the dgaatoiea.to show that tbeWeat ladlea bad been benedtod bv negroceived 90; D. Cuaar, Wj £. E. Gauwoui 80, aad Ituu Flov Kl. These were, therefore, de-Ami elected. Thefirstlaconeerraiiye,aadtoethreeoth- ers are Anti-Slavery men. For the three other deli- gatestowhichtheConferencelaentitledtherewas no election, it was resolved that they should be bal- loted for to-morrow momlnc, immediately after the reading of tbe minutes, and the Conference adjourned.CITYREPAIRING THE STREET PAVEMENTS. which consisu in exchanging every day three Mexi- in Michigan Southern first Mortgage, last sale at been taken by the!?7*S''S! *"*t»Bd BBBeroas stadstlos enaaclpatlani^dwett wtib mnehpathoe'onand tbe have advanced totuthe slave system is neld JBUiL,onbekauofthaCoamonCotm- acoonatabte.Bewantedachangeoftherule,becs^iee^ NuoAsizi,Sunday,Jan.8,I860. cent. Uissourisweredoneat83cent, this after- ^1_»., both St thk tlaw md rakaaqomHT, «mdi— «i4imorsjJbe preeeatnoe waa llsMe to mlseeastrocUon. TheThe mla AouM be one which would forever prohibitallSlavetT for'mtreenary purposes, and which, whilePar^ Prtsu.11of Ui mtud.«*«toritatloa to ibaOuMte tad oIlMri, to tImi ^JMloN. naOaaM*,kowaiar, rapUedibktof dollars for Japanesecent. There was a farther advance in Eries, fourth Mortgage,Shall we see that trfhiflbs -Aksa, (ta wa ha«a,tyet received^^ demandthan<o leav* «> aadajt • ka hadhetaa in than the present, na more Anil- Slarery spirttcent.,yourIsstuofApril *»<plfcj nair li>ai>MaidaaelalavifaligriAliih^ cent, and on thirtla to 84}hesaid,whethertherewerenot men in tbe Church who flogged, '»"?'"' "^!*?""1of the Cabinet of Yedo jbut a temporary yesterday. Also an advance of j^C. W. !asked,transfcrred human beings as slaves texpodienAfter'some further observations, which ellcllod con- lllctlLg expressions of opinion on the psrt of the as-^the reverend eaaraiaatlan sembisge, gentlemannecessaries of our on the commercialneed farJapanese products has, within these last twoNstt, ftc,poslttveRev Mr. HoicneH, In the course of a very length-TheowM •Ihee our lastHam,ASRKS—Sales today U bUs.. atfor•S (aH9%i t»% PearU itoCOFFEE—Has beea more aetlvaIng been reported of >Wba(sGevlaa,Bait aiJ^* a* ooawLSacBthowatT,authavtaltanwerefltmnaooed enedspeech,arguedthatifthe'ulewerechangeditfm irM««••• «nrt«*-4a(kto kaar thek. ^fjat proeeedadt« lieirthe nt-• leat deal of loose discussion ensued, wlilch. as itbutlife, can exercise noInflueaeewould have two classes of Methodism. Toev would rpll' up Ihe Methodist Chnrcb, not only as be- tween the North and South, but all over the country. And wnat, he asked, was to be Ksiued bv this pm-82«enough alone.On modon of Mr. Soasmx, tbe Stewards were In-structed to pay the traveling expenses of all the super-done under the direction of Dr. A. B. Water Roixiss,Purveyor, by day's work, at the above rates; but this includes only tbe uve of cobble- stone.The foUowing streets are now with being repairedmonth In Eanagavna. In both cases the factories oforeigners have become almost a to the totally preyflames, and as they were filled with valuable merwas for stiongeetCleveland and Toledo, opening 26| ^ cent.UlddUs|tVk....ll)i MlddUncFalrVftUlinumerary preachersI^ogwaod.tons Haracalbo Fustic on terms nut asrailaiMAre- ligions services, after ,wiiich the Reverend Secretaryread llie minute a.Thomas L. Cnrry was elected to Elderls ordersj ; so,second-street.[With reference to this portion of the Fourth-ave-the dicoider which vouid lesnlt therefrom, and makeshowssome weakness, and sellerscumstances have tended to check opotaUa^ IWWdeath."No, not to death, but he would|have liked to see himthe andChicago Mississippi;requesthigher prices, qnUaylanawlf'. eloalBgIn that case he would not have ooiected to pay- out of his own pocket for damage done the coat. He read Horn the Minister's and Laymen's jjoumai to show that the agitation of the Slavery question in the Melhoditt Church North bad only retarded the cause of emancipation in Mlseourl, and argued, onthawa*. have been 69,000 bbls. Floar has ha^ ^k.tle ing:reason the American Minister, Mr. ToWHSXim Hak&is, has given notice that the Port of Niigata will not be opened according to the terms of the treaty of Yedo, but that another safe and accessible shall be subtieen extended to the Conterence to visit RsuBRAXor "amount shippers boo«bt most Cora iiiiaaMT -PxiLi'B painting of the Court of Death," thisCOBSLK-STONB FATEHKNTS.The foUowing streets are imder contract to bepaved wltn the cobble-stone pavement Forty-second-stieet,fromTenth-avenuetoHudsonRiver.usual. The Utica Herald states that theinjunc- has been tending downward. Rye was dull aaAafternoon.ZVIMIKG 8KSSI0N.The venerable Father TiTioa, ofan address in tbe evealng, in which he eibibited the results of his religious labors among seamen.Rev. O. G. HiDSTXoK presented a report, containing a statistical account of the progress oi mls^sionary ef- fort among the Scandinavians and other seamen who have Irequented this port for the last fifteen years.(Saturday)tion against the Bank was byJudgeLaRot,ofSyracuse,ontheFrom this report we gather the following facts :uuea.Fifty-first-street,betweenTenth-avenueandHud- actualrepealoftheMissourirestrictionbytheactofoffice of the Assistant Treasurer:/«!in--^Forty thousand dollars have been sent home from sailors, through the pastor, to mothers, wives and (amiiiei, and assistance has been given in forwarding over 20,100 Scandinavian emigrants.son River—(two contracts.) l^M, in relation to Kaneas and Nebraska. Here the In adoitlon to those streets named, and which are South, at least, should plant hen<elf. and we can seeReceipts PaymentsSavings more than 41,000,000.Religious infiuence has been home from the Bethelto Norway. Denmark, Sweden, Gothlandt, Russia proper, and In ali these places the seed has taken effect, as there are in those countries active memtwrs, societies and churches.for proposals as dliected, that it the contracis were strife. awarded and confirmed, it w,ould exhaust the appro-^ MONETARY AThrown on Market .... Since Jsa. 1.M«a. fets.oso 782,039TBE CONFERENCE AT STAafFORD.aad he hoped the brethren would adopt Brother Fis- Third Day's Proceedings—The SlaTery Qaaa- River—on the same terms.l.soo Tennessee 6s..sUiO^ lOU do 104!<l,0«O do sieM!^i2S do .r30 1048,000 do 91 ICO do tSO 104 Mt, of Tool.. 639 $259,655 143 $32,511 343 t6i,71tthe Erie resolution was dead, it was not yet buried,the same terms.Chambers-street, from Chatham-street to the Northf^ .•!* P»f« ^V^nfc np, TalM.Simroan, Coin., Friday,The members of the New-York East ConferenceThiity-firBt-street, between Sixth and Nlnthavenues —half at expense of owners.Second-avenue, from Foity-elgbth to Sixty-first- street,onthesametermsastheThird-avenue.Thlrty-lourth- street, from Third to Lexington ave- nues, owners to pay one-half.Fiiiy-thlid-street, from lecond to third avenues, on the same terms.Hudson-street, from Eighth-avenue to Canal-street, the City to pay two-thirds, and owners the balance.vum BTuxKin or ths axw-oauxas sxns.question was Immediate, but not obvious. It was to theat thelaastaie of barbarism, and no negro was ever question, and was warmly dl8cussea,'t>ut all all^uslons the expense of the City- 60S7V^ ^t'^' ,"t Jamaica, half the race were.....(30 78)4 ino do .Ml 7SH 126 doaesaB.kOO X. T. Cea. Kto Slavery in the debate was studiously avoided. A motion to divide the question, nade by a conserva-bI663)« «3?iiBMwa toff"" S*snd 73 against it. The subject was postponed, and!*^'% "^"^ "?£» "; '""Peosatlon they were the resolutions of the Providence Conference were firmed, would amount to (estimated) (684,Sil, and^hire himself outconvinood thatfl»«Bljrsyrtem which, under God, could elevate tbe tive member, called out the vote. There were 61 for These contrscts. If advertised, awarded and con- 60 do.waa aatisbKl of the fact that u thew«i» sat Una, a giaater lin would be committed thantiarcholtrngtotbtrala vliich forbids the buying andlelling of men. women and children with an inteDtlon toenslave them,'*and changing ''sad" to or. in both in-Btancesin which It occurs, so that the rule will read: presentedpasMdafter theto work on a plaata- American Slavery IsTenth from Fourth-avenue to East 100 street, River,*ffi** *S? KSLf'..l'7'"5i''°° '"d the religion of C^rt. Be bdleved that WssuT must have been la- read.bomi nadar a deloiion when he said that American Rttolved. That we recommend the alteration ot the Slavaiy was a vHa InstKutlou. In point of fKt he general rules of oar Churchr by pr"efixing the wordwould be in excess of the appropriations for this year ta the sum of $Mlt,43S.lO.roO U. S. 68 '74 Reg. 1036,000 U. %. 6s '74 102J4 160 ' do.... 78lt b60 79 ... 7<7< BlO nH[Loud cries ofhas been adopted—in oider to teach us patience— Michigan Central 8 cents, and cent. To the ^ 1^2^present time,customaryApril 13,1S8%Istm.S. F. C.bi. 03!4I.OOO Hich S 1st nt.bs )8!t 460 Sarlem Kallroad.. WH^^"" —' j^,jL»jtj*;j|»j! sndtheConteraaceproecadadtathaalaetloaofdda-,iiiUilL«.jijpi. j.^.ii^SSmm nue, a contract lo pave with the trap block pavement too. were Oliver Sellick, Richara S. Havermann, has been awarded, but is not yet confirmed, and as itwas granted,) Orin P. CrandtU, Alonzo C. More- in view of its dilapidated condition, has ordered theIteasy^OscarUavllandwasraised to thesamedignity200 dol,U00Mich.Cca.il.8«o fiOMS F.C.Br: 93)4 ICOKsT. Mr. KanBLiealiad that be waa aatiated, but he or the Annual Conferences prior to-tbe next <3eoeral This idea, however, has proved fallacious, for an un- 7 Bk. state of N. Y. lOcS 200 do /;j,}}H«basv*kkar)slavesll,S(iOaiseoarlb. 6s... 83SlavrlioldiHr—ne buftng or telling of men, woinea or cbtUiren, tmtk anintenaon to ensiAae tlum^do 47H do bnwk 47S< dj...-.--- •«''4conreience, vith a view to their action xpon the sub- ject.Rev Dr. Fior moved that the resolutions be re- D 'S.'** Committee on Slsvery.2(1 Chai hamaiMeich Ei. Bank!!r,tba Cofflmisttoners,deficit of orer a millionFlIPAT.stock Exchange, after displaying";.^" of"•.*his vote" equal totke wUta man. it .TMi^i «i,'"?°.^'- ^e minority should be permitted either to be deliverad from this heavyabsaiditytoputa ^*'-*^-^T^i5S^.y''^»" —ternoon,andthe final prices^^gy^JT!"*,T"f»^ Hetnfiad.work of repavlsg tbe Cityunder way. It should beat tbe close on Thursday on the Share list, andhigher again oo Federal Btoi:k8 and BailwayBonds. Of State Blocks, with the (ingle excep-tSTKn-J*J!.**'«*' aakiagftamisdone ta tha bast and auiat snbetaatlal manner."^ ttasraateiha aaaie-peeitioB as ttene^^i|J"Wi» advocating tna dlagB» tamy inaa sbo>dd vo'e, pat*"llBg to have the queaUon°' ""*del.grte. t^ be ^-SfTiSlt^'J'"'-'"*'^ Itcimewlthan 111 grace ored to choke off discussion, to charge that the Anti-°°'responsibility,or to bare appropriations made to meet these ezt'sor-The great of the Bel- dinarjr expenses. adraatageis imimaallT and while the gian paveaMnt conceded,signsreaction earlyday,SJnVS'B^ftlo'i^erl!"'^"^""SniSd!*"Bar. Dr. FaiaT dmled that he had made aayllATOR>8 OPnCE.ilBW PBMtDOT Of XHB ChOlOa BOABD 8W0HI W.Tiss. W. SraraM, Xaq^tJatair appolatsd PresidaBtsuch Bar. Or. C»Oi^<«»*. >« ?»d aot want .dtoeasiiM.ml^t bercaeiid Ue tcM agBlBitaa PiayMeaee reaoiotlens.for and New-Torfcs TeoiMsaaes, YirginiU,iSHiiVt diJWaNwh that^beof j^^taj^.i igr cent, higher. New-Yorks liaye almost disappearedperauttadto BM-Dn. n«xhMmM««ilkdraw their aaOini,tbe Crotoa Board, w<a dnly sworn ta by the Mayor aadaatoal at oaca ap«a tbe datlee offrom thaThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069.IWTERBgTINOFROMJAFAH.There were 170 Totea poHed. W. H. Nfoaan re- Tha DIflealty Ahoat rsln laiiiiaaa af Oaa*Poi»aatwryfbllT8te«. Thomaitattoficm«M«MIOPIKAnOKB '0» TEC CBOTOX DgPABT. can dollars for each A<IUIDIICTCityanthoritiaa.will consist of seventeen gangs, of thirteeneachShang. and othaI3i<e.«ll3te. 80 bags Haracalbo atbut up (whose request to be located at his own selection Is uncertain when it may pass the Board, Dr. Rollins. to the pietent time the criminal has not been dis-would be accepted yesterday.quotations have been sastained. Ta* vatylMhtar^Wm. P. Fero, Julius Selder, Christian Fljnn,cobble-stone pavementto be repaired.]^The Adriatic, tor Southampton and Ifavre.ll.tiO bbls, Including superfiae State at tS chlifly at ti 2Si oidinaiy to eholna an ti 37)«®tJSS, chiefly at $5 40«tS 4S; oholce supeifiiie Wlaconsia,house,George Aberly,Clarke, Erajtus L. Prentiss, and John E. Foster.ing,noon. Thecent, in the after- Share market left off firm.Thomas C. Bralnerd, Wm. E. A Committee of tliree was ordered to be ift)i>ointedFrom thefactories ot MM. David Sissova, Soks & Co., whichby the'Cbalr for the purposenloaiion from the Church of Rondout, regarding the iwrl.id of ministerial service In the same location.Tha Co.,altnoughseparatedextra azoawhich was that presented in the Brie reso- Iniicn, the substitute ofiiered from New-York be laidJapaneseguard Mexican silver, will go out by these steamers.Extra Iowaquestion,IandWIseonsta---A presiding Elder complained of the unexpected- ness of this motion, and charged that it had tieeoany stone in the ereciion of tnetr habitations and confine themselves exclusively to wood, bamboo andM Extra Ohio, Round Hoop, «h<rri-« Ma. 6 Won the Conference,Dr. SrsicxLAiin denied that there had been anythe habit of defiling the temple of God with apout iu He wanted first to vote on the springingBank-bills on London wereStandard Bankers, on the spot, at 108|aadBObeeqaentlygsvanttarancetogravereproaches -sprungdone at 108J, and Fancyvote for tbe substitute.Hie motion to lay on the table was lost by a vote of73 to 65.A member moved that a vote be taken on the sub-stitute.Another hoped that motion would not be prened. The previous speaker declared he had no intentionof pressing it, but he thought there had been talking enough, and It was now time to commence voting.Dr OsEOBJi asserted that, whatever may have been the intention with which the substitute was offered. It was roanirestly Intended to interrupt the action of the Confeience on a question brought before them under the authority of the Church itself, and was certainlyin the iiistory of tills Conference. Why, In the name of reason, he continued, were theM I'^wllhout CincinnatiandComfined lo75c.e 77c. for Yellowfor Whlteand do. do. ^ bushel. Hfareouest at 83Xc.®85c V bushel; aslail „Barley Is In dem. jid at about foraMr rales; sd«i Mrand Providence resolutions with the Erie resolution ?presentedInto the Street Department tne control of curb-;colors, sparkling and glittering in the to Money, especially in the cottonorcommonRev. Mr. Fixsis explained that he had done to lagivingJersey and Iorder to all three before the Conference, meaning putsup- losses bete are estimated at about two hundred thou- ply of the raw material to the Manchester mills.to withdraw the resolutions of the Cincinnati andTbe following streets and avenues are now beingrived.Dr. OsBosif resumed.—He expressed the opinionol Yokehama are said to be stid greater. These ac- to Forty- cidents have set us to thinking about the moat pru- second- street Chae. Guidet, contractor. The own- dent manner to build our lactones, and I have no doubt that in a very short time we shall have here,that hsd the Conference assumeo an upright positionas in they would stand much Anti-Slavery principle,higher than they did. This was, however, a time for caution, lor prudence, for circumspection, for he be- lieved ihat a crisis was athand that would result In the greater gloiy of the Church, and he felt assured that snv change In the rule would lead to nothing good. He believed it would circumscrltie the influ- ence of the Church by exciting a feeling of antagon-Washington-square^cent annum. Trade perand 40c.«42}4c.Vbn*h^ism those where the amongstcorruptionthat wasstreet—"The same contractor, and on the same terms. ousles which the Chinese have so often In indulgedForty-slxih- street, between Fifth and Sixth ave- against the factories oi Canton ? The Japanese ap-ways for the first week incemand waa brisk—In nan/or export and laiswnal April, reported to-day, tlon. Receipts were limited, aad reoelrata vaiyabythe Croton Board that Inpavingwithtrap-blockfine. II bbl. Com Meal is moderately taqaUadnrTitcovered, Dlvition-stjeet, commencing at the Bowery and against.and the sufferers have no one to—working up.BieecRer-ttreet, from Bank to Carmine-street, andthe ^sme street from Carmine to Broadway, there t>e- iofr two ganfrsemployerl on that streetJapanesespread to theIrum Wiii-.ehali-street way, where repairs are neeCed.up toBroad-Peari-Etreet,being very genersliy sought, and, io lar as the authorities iiave acted upon the numerous peliUons presented, generally adopted, as- well by reason of its fluratHllty as the readiness with which it IB kept clean. Last year the rule was adoptedcorpsalarm, hurry to the place of danger with a most laud-evincedis also observablebrai-ds, T bbl. Canadian findsIng inferior to very choice extra, eMetyat •••»• •7 25 ft bbl.; 1,100 bbls. vere sold ivttMBlhamiH..the much less liable to sink, as the making pavemention ol^ the Counsel to the Corporatio, (puhiisiied inalthough comparative deameas is likely, in the the estimation of some well-advised au-private«3 S5®(3 65 for Jersey Vbbl.$499409flu Wmilial^ki^,cuib stones formed the springs of the arch, and a por-tion of the Ftftii-aTenue ana one or two other streetsweie paved according to that rule. Tne recent optn- lielp of large fans saturated in water.GRAIN—Wheat has beea lass ungU atai^MC prices have been lesa buoyant Wa haea )aaa4 aCbushels, Indodiag WUta MmS-the Tivrs,) limits the control of the Crotonment, so far as the meaning of the word Street is con- cerned, to the space t>ei.ween the gutter stones, andplacein their grand ceremonious costume, as if a great so- for the months of January and reachedtl ISAd at :ingsneets will be paved in aacoraince with that construc- tion.a thousandline,for theFilth-avenue fromers of property on the line of the avenue paying one-'44Hc.a4S3te.; #lala at Wt. Pennsylvania at 41a.94MiB.3ball theSixlh-avenue from Carmine to Forty-second-street.as they have in China,third,Compisnyprop-European superiority will not displease the Government, and call forthcent.expense.buildings combiningelegance with soUdiiy, and less liable to be set on fire than thekinds of BrOddslnfi, thus"H. Hcai, contractor.Forty eighth-street, from Sixth to Seventh avenuesportstltuled forthUfone on the western side of Niphon asyearly authorityexpenses.aveLues.Forty-cightn-stteet, between Eleventh-avenue andHudson River.Fllty-second-street, between EUhth and Nlnthave-open one for selfish demagogues, like Dodolas, to agi- tate for their own per'onal ends We nave the Com- promise of 1850, and the Dred Scott decision of the Supreme Court, to sustain the settlement, iiesides anafiiected by the suspension. /The following was to-day's buslne^ at theStock of Breaittufs t Ckifg%.for suchprlatious purposes,FFAIRS.thirds divided between owners.the Railroad andpropertydo do do$79434 4,739 206,123 575.917 TMal Entered •665(50 Total Mrrketed.... •782.03*paid by owners.beState and Whitehall streets and Battery-place—onis theOOMUWVnBir DiaccT. wakkhoitskd. wimssAwvfrom Broadway to Slzth-avenne, the City to pay all the expense.Bieecker-strest, from Broadway to Eighth-ayenue, on tba same terms.Tblid-avenue, from Bowery to Forty-fourth-street, the CltT to pay two thirds of the expense.Washington-street, from Uberty to Sprtag-street,.223 -iU 092owners to pay hall the expense.OU.B.&N.Ia. R... IVa ,b3a 79^ 100 U.B.&M.l O stk.s6021from Centre tofor all, except for the spare tjetween the rails. 200 do...West-street, City pay 60 do... declaring Centre- street, fiom Chambers to Broome, the City 60 do...Canal,do K\ 79 300 6aleDa & Chi. R.. 62to pay ail. 40O Greenwich-street, from Battery-place to Gsnse- too voort-street, the City to pay all expense, except for 260do... do... do... do... do... do...do...do....... 79,'i 60 do.bio 'bJi 90 CO.tm 78i« 60 do.... 78?i lOOClev. 4Tol.B,..B60 26St .s3» 78^; 160 donues,expetseIfii 100 doon the same terms.do... 600 do...160 doR. e3 78H 60Ciev.,P.&Asht'aR.109to City.of neverthe sincetheIMb60 10414 SOOClev *Tol.R. 27aii;of the ('ity..bl6 Hit 100 doMost of the above resolutions wereesUmates of the Board for the current year had beenexpectedly large amount of this pavement Is orderedRrsolved. That Ue Secretary of this Conference fur-nitb each of tae Bishops *lth printed copies of the firstresolution; andwerequestthemtopresentittieach innocasemorethanone-halfofthetotalexpense aooo do low20H.So.kN.Ia.R.li^ibe laid at theentire Department134)4 96H J6OO0PGaanalpSiCaKh.i-.'.:R WitAs the CrotonW R 10Chi.B.AQ.R..BlO63organizationfirstregular appropriations based upon the estimates ofcontracta Ikst referred to, the Commissioners ask:Mondayexpense has..Untitled Documentmarket, thongh wanted for baokiBg ptuiDepart-1toge'her{"avenues,keptpowered by fatigue an inanition—a tragedy only too frequent on the vast and boundless sea.The SoDihern rocserratlTe Platform.From the SavanmihIt appears to us that Ihe lata has already fixed of LamoustCentral New-YorkTVaiMlaredyVsiKThe important question concerning the exchangethat definite andto 64^ thereadladoesnotrepndlali thatn,with aoaaahhal, articlessilk,of wax, camphoris;<c. :with full loads ofthe vessels ol the United States but when this ;;and an increase for thehiblted less activity, and prices of thelowgi«lB»from East River toCity paying OLe-third and property owners the was to be enforced, it was discovered that in highWallsueet,Broadway,privilegehas notsatUfactoty solution which thecurrency EuropeanConsulshavesolicited for it at thehands whilestranger presenting himself at 80>i«HI—KkPAIBIKO PATIHXNTS—RIFATINO TBI the Treasury. This smaU fcvor suffices for the daily days. A advance is on prertous sales8TBIET8—COBBLI-STONI AID BILOIAN PATI-KkllT.Withthereturnofpleasantweathertheopera- Indeed,itmustbeconfessedthattheexportationof upto37a EuropeancommunitiesolthiscityandofYokohama openedat79|,touchedi8J,andreturnedto79luxury orquitepressureat6,000 bagsprivalarwhereStocks werecartmen |2 SO each. All of the repairing of the streets Is first on Christmas night, the second on the 3d of this day's prices in the altemoon. The speculative de- OrdtaaryU ».... 7!tat thesend, &c.. are received and delivered. The laborers JemployedCorporation yards,stone, in the bay of Tedo, into a great constemat ion I am cent. The Westein ;cobble-stone pavement:104t ipicent. ErieAMD MEAL-Tbe markat cddkte laM ^;i\OUR ""First' avenue, atcommencing Thirtieth-street,working up as far as may be necentry.Amity-stieet, from Sixth-avenue to Broadway.andpast lew days forwereto beactivity to-dly for State and Weaura Vlosses haveIn this place the fire first broke out In an Inhabitedsome tacen-chandiee, thebeen very heavy.closing sharea, after the orders of theIhouse the firewere reduced to ashes in the space of one hour.generalare in danger of the flames thesupply Insufficiency this toiof the pumps In exerting themselves, from the tops of changetheir rtxifs, to turn the fire in another directionThe Government and all the municipal authoritieswere assembled in theMilwaukee Club, at fromterms. Oats are inquired for, loeladbu CantbAvaciilating lightthe burning houses.Thesupposetl.,T. K. Downing, contractor. The City paving one- dwelllnga of the Japanese. But who knows whether 7 cent.^ Moneyon loan to temporarythe StocktheRailroad erty a third each.andtheownersofthiscontinualmanifestationofBrokers keeps easy at SSe^Eighth avenue, from Hudson to Forty-second- against our beautiful palaces the same spiteful jealThe additional traffic retams on the Rail- nesday and Thursday's tiansaclioaiweiahtaayt Iproposed to be removed prevailed. It would force nues—J. W. PxTTioExw, ctn'.ractor, the City and propriates voluntarily our knowledge and the perfec are, an increase of $5,800 on the Toledo $39,578 ;to realize. Priceseager advanced, aulat tte kthe tionndarles of the Church further North. Had not events that had transpired during the last twelve months led almost universally to the belief that the Methodist Episcopal Church was a thoroughly Abo- Utioo organization T He did wish that Bishop JsHXS had been shot in Texas.provement there was moreto bar and tbe Inenaaad'^—On the same terms. W. A. CcHvisaB. contractor. soon as the negotlatioDS at present carried on with "The stock of this Company advanced yesterday to past weektbe demand has baa Wkcreas.TheClLClnnatl, Providence and Erie rules general principles, that Its only effect wss to reduce Fourth-avenue, from Thirty-fourth to 'Thirty-eighth the Japanese authoiiUes shall have come to a satis- 72. inclndlng dividend. Some of the stockholders de- chiefly from shippen aod speenlaion. Adtteta I.have failed of the conttitational majorities, snd any'rote thereon most be witnout prsoticM effectthe leligicus opportunities and chances of social ad- vancementoftheslavesthroughoutthewholeSauth. Rev. John Baown presented himself as an adherentstieets (now christened Purlt-avenueJ terms. J. W. PxmoaKw, contractor.the samefactory conclusion. sired a dividend of 4 1> cent., but the Directors thoughtLiverpool, received early In the wsck, wan a~fand Wksreos, Oar piesent rules and discipUnary provis-couragingtenor. HoldersoffarsdthairXrie I ttie snd request the next General Conference to He believed that ttie object of a vote on devise such measures as shall clearly prohibit sll ur^gSecond. Third and Fourthaigoe prop, lety adoption Pending the conclusion of his speech a motion to The work on all the above streets where contracts boat had taken at Omasaki on a <)fithf.*^ Erie rule was to compel the Anti-Slavery men to as- The Hev. gentleman, amid some Interruption, pro- sume a position wliich would virtually destroy the—lost in the latitude of Simoda the two last vessels Cincliinati Road."ceswithheld,it hasbeenverydlflcDltto tbe amount really sold from first hai>ds,aadlslsveholdios for selfish or mezcenary purposes.eaaded to the of the of tbs avowed Anti-Slavery Infiuence of this Conference.was carried.Among the announcements made at the close of theofavenues. men and all.The loss of tbe Nymph only became known whenThe Bank has declared its usual Cityaahstitote, on the ground tnat,Bccoraing tohlscon-up floating pieceatraction o( the role, the buying of men, women snd children wasadirect violation of it. There came to- day from the South, he said, the lamentations of three BillUons of brethren In bondage, and, if tbe Church of 43od tent back no response, wbo would there be to an- swer llY if any such answer were given, from whom could it more appropriately come tnan from the dis-He hoped the Erie resolu-apon.At the close of his remarks, some wordy skirmlsb-iDg ensued, which called for the Interference of theBisbap.The flooa- was then taken by Ber. L. W. Psex,who, sfter alladlng to the Importance of the subject,and tbe neceetity for deliberation, disclaimed anydeslie to have the case come up as a test question,declared that he respected the opinion of any brother,bat-dapreeated the charge of being in favor of Sla-Tery, oecause that was a reputation he did not cpvet. During Ihe five years last past a colporteur has dis- Be thought it would b« better to preserve the rule as tributed 3,436 Bibles and other books, 200,b00 pages of it was, as he deplored another division of the Church tracts, and has made 4,506 visits to boarding-houses by any contrary acton on this matter. At all events and ships.have been confirmed, is proceeoing rapidly, and, withtimt^r of his tmfortunate vesselWheat during the week have beea 3»^,000 boahels, afadjournsescion was one to tlie effect, that an invitation had will be completed before tne Summer has set in.tne whole crew had;—Onis. 000 Mo. State 6s IS3 60 do29 - •-l,0<lOBud R R.3d m. 89 20,000 Hich-C.R. 8p.c.6S 710/79,1336,0104eK13 S.OOOl^ai aCtaic Isim. mi SCO Readii g RaUroad. 42XIApril10 National llan'^16 Oel.A Hud Can.Co. 97H1,266.352 Bk. ofABSrlcai 1,230381l,2,"i0,73l1,235.566 23 683 20«;«H blO 1»\.bl6Bl0 78Ji78\ 6aChIc.,Bur. &Q.H 3d M.Bds.'SS St84X 20111. Cen. R. Scrip V)',ia (CO fc3,0m 'a3,u(iOHIch.S.l8tM.Bs 80 60 do 60 Si 6,n«J T. H. i A. IstM. 68 160 Mtcb Cen. R ..B60 47itsomein thecovered its firm tone <t tbe Second Board t!hia af-of adversere-are much the same as100 dodo do do111,119 73 30,144 2810,«I9 31.3i9 31,370April;proceedGenerally, hovanr.bywasancholy the eircumitance?, it was really a magoili- dollars,and indeed, however mel-laking plat^ the equivalent of one hundred millionlemiiliycent spectacle to see these thousands of costumes, of £20.088,436 sterling, is giving unusual employment^ cent, this afternoon.^ byprivatesale. TheMichiganSouthernSink-yesterday,while secondOn the Share List a Urge business was donecent, in a few in Terre Haute and Alton First Hortgage, whicharesons, Uarlems and New-York Centrals, of all de-hava ben bbls. Cora HeaTl.lM^cent., a rise of 5scriptions, are firm and scarce both at the BoardrfMand then toup 47ithefrom the fire by the street, nevertheless took fire also, for Hamburg, are the outward steamers to-mor- dlana and Michigan at ^5 iO«tiwarehouses of MM. Walsh &Wisconsin at ';ana from ihere it spread to the Cninese faciuryTa- row. The mail willrlor ex*ra Ohio at $5 80«$5 Adriatic, extra Ohio, ahlppiag brands, at 9»9tt UtheTwenty-third street, from Eighth-avenue to Broad- This rapidity of destruction Is uue eicluslveiy to closing at lOJ o'clock at the Post-office. About Superfine StateWest-street, from Battery-place no.go byhalf a million dollars, in California gold bars andfoung, which in an instant was one immense flame. principal(W tmt*ii tH^mtm Stf •tw$25,764year to Grand Trunk of Canada•«- have been awarced by the Croton Board, but await mous here, as the manv shipwrecks go to show wtilch a great extent, to the opening of the Dayton and geaeraUyJThe sailors who visit these roasts can never exer- it best not toions on the subject have l>een variously interpreted; of the Church Nortn and an opponent of Slavery. He The following contracts for the same pavement cise too many precautions, for tbe dangers are enor- creaee In the basiness of this road Is attrlbutaole, to quite eager to buy. though aottherefore, didnot,hewasiranktosay.liketheErierule,but meettbeviewsofrellera. Ezteaslra Jtrsolvfd, That ve hereby decline to act upon the if be were asked to vote for it, he would aay '* Yea." the confirmation of the Common Council, viz.: we have to register. It was only recently that the Michigan Road, and to the Southern trade brought were reported, but as particulars were la;the entireTheiThirty -sixth-street, between Fifth and Sixth ave- Lady Ingli* the Cornelia Bevan and Ihe Nymph were through Clncirmau by the Sandusky, Dayton andnues.Portions theSevent) -ninth and Ninetv-firtu streets.Thiity-fourth-stieet, Ijom Fourth to Ninth avenue. the captain arrived at Kanagavna. whom a Japanea^the ol the Filth, Sixth and Eighth exceptionabove water for some time, but were over- finallynotes of the Bank ofwill he redeemed by their agent in Albany asof 3^cent.adds:hascirculatingwhichbriskly and buoyantly, with light supplies avaliaMa within a few daysllt has atttactad less atteatica, aajdivideprofits.large tn-freely, and claimed higher prices.one of theStates and tbe Teniiofies, andl that it is no longer an other of the monetiry institutions of Utica is been obtained for desirable lota."/.tl6S,8l7 27 /. . . 68.049 65 .7,270.343 23 of the Common Council directing the Croton Board any further allusion to the subject than a plain, em- Included in the receipts were $161,000 for Cus-under contract, resolutions have passed both branches no necessity, In the contingency above named, for Balanceto advertise for proposals for paving the following phatic declaiation, that oU agitation of Slavery must toms.Since the beginning of the Mission, Scandinavian sioners, an abstract of which we published yesterday, ment, or who would construe it in such a mannerseamen have in tbe Seaman's depositedBank forana in which they give as a reason for not advertising as to reopen the '.juestlon anew, and perpetuate theThompson,. .l796,;onDomingoSales, to-day, 1,000 oaies.Aan^oroo, for Liverpool, and the £asart<i.;housesateconstructed, inordertoagaiiistthefrequentandheavyearthquakesontheirislands, the Japanese are very careful not to employ The Exchange market remains at the steady and Extra Illinois, Indlaaa aad JfieiifaB. f M;Ohio,TTT:.breakinglesirial shocks. But in thus evading one scourge, tney fall into anotner, the ravages of wuicb often extend themselves over whole cities. Tne Japanese policeof on tbe first pumpers, wbo,^ demand, and no dispositionIExtraCeneseeInferior to choiceSouthern Flour coctlnues la at.that nothe contractors sbould pave from curb to curb, thus with tbe houses are buUt. Those Inhaoltants, who rate for Money at the Bank of England,;rise. preference isAor extent of the trade.. f 3}toable ze»l and activitynever furnish a sufficient quantity ot water to arrestthe progress of the lire in ihe midst of such combus-tible matenals as the bamboos and the mats, where- shown for Sight bills, under the change of the Rye Floor Is quiet, at $3 453$4 25 f rllai iiiImmiiiout their wooden pumps canyetspeculate for aItready bayers, lUlBd-to-daythorities, to hold on for some time. Thevast ex-sales of gan, at |1 6528,£00of the tent of the Export trade of the Kingdom, disaster, which,— 12,500 bushels, at 74e. for alxaaat Snames and well indorsed, running from 90 days to 6 months, is quoted outside of Bank at from 5^ to64(te.Southern atTiso notices the week'a buslDeas. la tha utataalFebruary,Is dull andpaper, first-classJer»yrjf.-^mandwhich sold at 27, afterPacific Mail rose to lIMi^lOli, 104® (or Lagnna, and «1S so for St. Ttwaluas S.Mt ...it isdlary manrged to glide ta unobserved durtag the executed, fell back to 12} at the first Board, but feted. Ship-owners also claim rates oaJapanese bouse, where,supposed,supposedera are not dlsposca to sell at the raiaa _Fourih-avenue, from Seventeenth-street to Thlrty- night, ta order to cauie this aisaster and to profit by returned to 13^ at the second. Among the Coal Britlih potts above the vievi oi tilppert. TWaa^^wl0 impunity.The law Japanesehave not varied remarkably. tMme low nadnS State have been Bold at easier raiea ihaa saAto stealcondemns an Idbendlary to be burned aliveEnglanilstocks, Readingwere putting out short options at 42J'a)42cent. The speculation in Michigan Central rariedfrom 48, the highest yesterday, to 47i this morn- nvals encourage holdera. The reported talat:(5 45a|« 301fi;;o( Bahta oa I«^ A telegraphic dispatch announces that the closed rather heavily. The total r«x>t4ed aalea olyearly dividend of 4^cent.half improvementvery restricted, owing. In part, to the high rlsl^ tt holders, and the advance in freints. Tbe aaikat609,763Entered at the port. .. /$I6.494.388 $38,482,599 $3a,!ICI>,2tSfollowingsummaryfor the week:grantedonlast applicationheavy early in the week— It was mora subsequentlysoughtafteratfirmerrmtea. Barleyhaibeansatr—-— 8^,287 5,147 299 '(8,50318,l9t .454,9I» 3,604to sell.The rise inyesterday, taallaaSn of«. FlourApril 7, "'o-24,736AlirilS, >«>••SV"Afriia AssaUL I8a«7 ySi7only Chicago Spring,:TTiteei.i\ flf* Ilk IMf Blf 10^In tbemarket Y^stanlar tiadaFreights,lesseaed theI'" www.fultonhistory.com 