 ,which for other terms. Mr. I.a:<dib rejoined that tbe io-iti^e proprietors, farmers and others, look are so decayed tnat in ashort time they will be worth stiucticns from Mr. Pottib had beer foUotvod, but Mr. Cabtxb did not hear hisof such a cBoiee would dissolve the —they Ualoo that diors, speculators, aad Is ml sbaBI..- 'PavoB-sMr. Ponsa folded the note, and after the vote onandduelbif as barbarous and inhuaiaa, but b^g calledgood Republicaa. Atof his t^mut*ir^)lSr>1S!.5SPIvaadiroto Jio.riskuponinevitable. His choice ofweaponsknives, leaiing other matters to bis friends. Mr.CmsBAJi returning for a reply to Mr. Paros's note, bring rrcelvedanotefromCbl.LaivDaa,statingthattheyAs—femilymachine66' iitintheHouseissoereat. ifit passestheSenate, self. .satrfUk.Ohio.tion men, who voted for it arcMr. Potteb replied, that as Mr. Pbvoe's note con- templated avoiding the anti-dueling penalties in theas anSlavery existingonly branch of the Government not > Democratic party—the House of'J.^b««•*?»'.1 . I. )I •*- 'tit ttS^tl'* 'iT "' ,-.!#Ay»»f r' •".t.^ia -*tJBDL.iX—NO.2673.NEW-YORK,SATURDAY,APRIL14. 1)880.PJhSpE.TWOCEWTS.—WITHASUPPLEil^^'.Vsewing i*s« gsngeathe Prefiaent will not dare or desire to veto it. Republir^ns all voted f«>r the bill.The-authentlcstedkaitttt ecrfut In the ease of bis discharge.the writ of'••like theI loMM fean 11 ;It a*t tor (aparioraThird, clause distinctly stating that four mllltonsistobepaidforFreeTrsdeadvantages. Fourth, at the end of the article authorizing the President to Tue troops to defend transit, aad under directioa ofAll these amendmsnts meet the approba-tion of tbe ftiendi of tbe Treaty, and i have good Mr. Fonuaffirmative,ehalleofeBOBB, eOBtiJintngcopieslollowlng Mm.sysleaC tor «a doaot. It j*9twur dk Baker's Nalaeleas FAIOLT SKWLSG HACHINE3,Mr. PoTTEi is wnrmty congratulated bv hiscry <^3(B-r'a free 6aveii,meBt like oors, tbatBid DiiaUe to answer hr fact aad t, ibstcanbewrtttea. Noneknewbatssr' Ir'sswas iBe clamor^apUm, will fli)d leUef lh>m the nae of these medl-with mal- one navy revolver; the distance betweenSULK.SUieSSkCO., Ko.4SRBroadW2?,K.T., No. 158 Fnlton-tt., Brooklyn.|"The Democrats who voted lor it are;friends, while Mr. Pbvob, who has just returned quill- a numlier of able and true men who look upon Democratic Parly. The declaration of the Presi- ilsh a protectorate, or ts.ke sides with me ol the tac-'large Gatberiif at ifeAdilrcKsrs by n«te. jr«bn Sherman Bien «ho made; tkawboleoooatry mOam umita, from tT 50 to laSoltt. bom (lltotsy Cmo, frao »t SO to •!«.fcroguo.Ipealal Siapatak ta Ike Bev-Terk Tiass.WiaaeraMS, Friday, April 13. THE BMieAH TkBaTT.the bencat cosnieiloaspect of the Nortbera_»», fiom tS to •10.arril style* ud iBAlntS^ ft** •!SeaatsraBSBMhikBBarramtad fear aavaial amend- ibrTressorylaw wherever he Minister to Pern.accoimts of RABBotni Clav Referred.i,«aTiDg Bstna's Boak aad ft*maati <»« * Cmo., HtmrnaOt. OioM>t,^»n- *"*' «—to tbe Meileaaapoearaace slgaal for a round ol moatwaaalan evil In a Stata tbea hi«',a:Vm. IttfaihyilJIf ,jSeTupon tte platform was theenihoslaaUc cheering, which was renawed vals during the deUvcry of his address. He for two bonis, and at ae time was"Mt itnati^Uet.Mr. District,woold ac- promptlyiliuply because, under our systcai <—sbatement ol interestTheSHXKMAM'SADDBBSS.,''Whea the applatue which was respoBSive to his iu- troonctlon had ceased, Br. BBSsaaB cgamenoad his addrws by a reference to certain pn>peeitlaaa adoptedSlates,Jeanta Dean*" iM, tk* Umaoa " Wfeat It U," exhibited to iiMekaB epactataw evair fair mlautei, the the aea-ltoiut !•fXyaas," this afleraaoDMr. B. P. Bxali being chosea by Mr. Labdxs as his associate in the matter, visited Mr.Ml. SomiBk sUuilcd to the Ihct that there was no resisting a Mob, as previously stated in the Senate,ftai, tke bib; »»acniM>aikf* tM oomtibiktioDi which attraot a crowdakeeaen will fiod erenr dascriptiaa of ; ^|-a"1^ inadaUJaB, relTct, BiumcIi, three- pty and ligula earpettnc mgs, mats, maranr, floor oll- IIPomait Sabbobb. n»IddnappenaMbi, tfmggets, table aad ptano corrn. windowmuch,soughtownlsgtake tbeas IntoHuaji A.idiuoh's,n Bow«i7, siiai o/ the large Gulden Eagle.K»OX.—We own one of Knox's Spring hats. We aroaoDsce It a iBost proper a«i befomlng aru.;le,New-York Hotel fund having t>eeB traced into hishis DCrson In order toamen,mit we have ao power over tae aooMan State*, aad wlU aot ai any, we will, la coaoion wltb tbe <vary rapid, sod capable of every kinduniwd these (cooflictingMfelements sectional animosity! WasTWas itquestionsiasssM auISiaiha bast maeblae ever,Webster, Ohio.—in. The Americans, or those who claim to be:the District, to receive a written coramunloatton. the peace iUiet, happiness and prosperity of our {inrodaaed. I. v. SINOEit k CO.,Price" Inno commou country..way.You ran do with this letter as you think best to ac-and that as his (PoriSK's)w as contained In tbe Constitution of Wiscousian, he to the Convention. Yours, respectfully,'•'• Tallara nad Clathlers.IHE GROVEK k BAKE3 8EWI»G-l'ACHI»fE CO..Mr. English, the aullior uf Uie famous relnseu to vote.ry shows the comujr.iiive vote of pariifn for and lengc from Mr, 1'btob, uating ills note Virginia. Cal.ALEXANDER IL STEPHENS. Dr. lUsEV R. Caski, of Columbia County, Mil-would go uto the Senatefind the Democracr declaring it to ne tbe duty ofiavile the special attention of Tailors .-u^d Clotaiere 'o ' 'The1 isa above, IhinK,-Curgrets, of the Courts, andtkair large luw doable-speed sl.utUe nr lock-stitch ma-PrleaiiO. For sale at No. 49S Broadway, New-York aad No. 1S3 Fnltoa-st., Brooklyn.Bllr Bevriag at Rednced Prices.Mn. BUiPSON, No. 49S Broadway, reepeBtfally in-Executive ta,pio-measure could receive the sanction of that body, oa- lessitpiomoteotheSlaveryInterest. Thatwasaewtbfs hft castomers, and ladles generally, that she has {ToUlRepublicans DemocratsOpposition TotaliWaisi bar charges tar making Ladles' and Children's OMkmg, sad wOl saad isachinas into families, witliat apantois, at redacad prices. arBaJlaa.8TKAKN8 k MAKTIN,HoWe have eeca nathlac thia Bprinc la the vV*fflent]«men'sBats, that approaches, in richness «f saBSaraars. the hats manafkctared by ESl'EN-B. at No. US Haasaa- st.*ka aaast dealraUe Neek-TIes Of the season, lost receivedeach armed with Colt'spistols. weapm.Mr. Cuumva-Wallat-k's Theatre aorg:iniz;t'';in. 11 had other puriwisesinvii-w.cormected of Democracy, tlicv had established at Washlnctm aaAt No. «6 Broadway.JEN'NIMGS.Iron Store and 1846 are, that the intention was original, novel, use- ,enjuyrrl a renewed popularity, owing. In a largetism of tbe North, he said, the <mly way tka TIraa Wark faraak Freata. Colnmas. Girders, Beams, Door Shatters,jalrs. Vault), 4c. Kverv description of Fine Iron2SHr.AnMu?c"'i °'-"'""the relative value o' free and slave la'»r and ol the oolnioas of emmcnt men fromples, with or wttboni ahistory lis true platiorm—and tbcu !e; it, as•JUMJknPtl-rc-Masos pl:iys a Barcarole, aof his own composition, and Mr. Taousox executesthe ib^- irivmen. appeal to the liiliillliiibm ofS12!!?Sf m'° fIs the iMstthe giotmd that the weai>ons were barbarousRepublicans' his evidentlythe that spirittimeyetbeforehewouldbato hiie recogntw-'BnttdlasB.—fui and patentablethat it is valuable and Impurtint('overnment, it should by a wise and laodvalB poOeythe lie to thegive slanders of its adversaries, olnMcontest, itveution toof the men who g'eat.unlesst *.: (1• -IB"J'? ;= list yl -trier*ir- -/ >!. - Uinii •"»»•»»? ,«*»-»« •«;•<?- '.itdtaqogaltbw]SENATE.WABsaoTox, Friday, Arril IXSeveral Executive commnnicntions of no im- portance were received.TheBouseread. Referred to Committee on Tenltoriss.Coiperlutitnte.Ihs aboM oom- latithlieoinlo wMeti ka«Ho. 4ta Broadway,ficlai view of the motives of ament. The very sentiment tliat led ilie great mass ofour people to acquiesce in the Compromise of 1S50— measures w ere receiving tbe attention of the Domoe-avoid thethe desire for quiet—the wish to agitation ofUieSlsverviguestlon—that it was that leid thousandsand tensuf tliousands of our best citizens to join inthe movement. The political interest ot Slavery was tect Slavery m. 40 MTIKRAY-ST.. New -Tork.Msjoilty in favor of the billAt NiBLO's (jAEBXN the Equestrian troupe of enterialiunents are peculiarly splendid, and alto-M tot*.penaltiesanti-duellingDot aiate,int. eo, >ad, spcooolT, what«k^Bowtj, MtwMa Boi 'Stjd«»«?><'ithTreaty,Mr. Wiuok's resolution in relation to the suppres- sion of tke Slave-trade, vrtks referred to the Com- mittee on FdMlfli Relations.Br. BvK^ht, of Masaachasetts, (Rep.,) presented sapplemAisry papers to the memorial of Mr, Sab-ihev will tbeyBot Inteinra direeay norBAimni'B IfmxTiit. They coald not kaep vp of Mexican prcducia, Incladtng coffee and mahogany.partausRenee. :""«ly possiUe lor a «.b buia aad bndtai aTtoregard-libI.vorasyeiemraS?men XjSi— and chil.irtB are ibe atoaolute Ofopart^^ -li.ole to be >epaiated and soW «'SeviJnteessltyolibcirasaalert—asystembrwbcaie not uf -- w bat or bowmmaid vfett (BO«M be (ODertor to tbe" —and theasofeiceUent fo quaJitr, and In every re->»*et woitby tbe reputation of thu akiliru! aitiaan, with the transaction. This answer seemed to]*«fi|ulce,paperor Impair this vested right" In a former Mr. SiiiiBxa replied that Mr. Wisb was not kid- Uie PiCsldcnt "T^aaewhoarenotyetsuppliedwttbabatsuitableto tbm laaaoB, can be accommodated by calilug npon, at No. 212 Broadway.—Bttunw.A's'S Pius. Ladies whose sensitivenorhandcuffed—afactdeclared thatslavesareregardadoy fiomoneendofthelandtotbeotbfls. the Couslitutiou ot the Crdted States as —|f xltnted tiom ami itious at the poliiicians Washington^^fsa-TBE BEST IN CSS.No. 4So Broadway. Slew-York. H. L.Clark. (A.L.D.,)S.Y. Morris, ill.Theis believed to be a correct state-No. 181 FBlton-»t., Brooklyn,ir>B Bewtac HaeMaea* AN.XNTtSK jiXW STYU;,Israli aaa&atBriac tarpoees. NoiseleaaMiUedgeville,may be weil. The only interestarouiia theques- disiegaidiug meie party names, with[j'1:IjiOccbrane N. Y.Cooper. Mich.Cox, Ohio.Florence,Fenn.Fouk, 111.Hiishin, (A.L. D )y Y. BickiLan,(A.L.D.,|Perm.V«i|aadigh.iin,Ohio. Holmes. Ipd.j>11—Amusements.Easter Week tlie season of merriment and le^-tlvity—has been a prosperous one with theatres and places or amusement. Miss Laura Kee>-£ has. per-; it would allow no quiet.{changemade on the occasion of Miss Mart"Werk for bnildiog paroosfs, manufactured at JAMES quateiy remunerated for his time. Ingenuity and ex-iBaJiBllfiBBaf t^ 't^S*^'' ""^ convince tbe reason oftbe laMIIte^ w as gieete;. by a nuui! er of his friends, with whom Messrs. MAfO.N and TnoMAS the second of very. 1 have recenUy read that baoli tor the lirst The Republican Party, he Slid, It piepanSfer tbeU JACK?OK k 9*«T.and29th-st^ o*rlr>ck. aa-lILim;abd announce two e xcellent pieces to-nlghu giveX«w-Yurk. yik,Warak CsBllnnes tahasIs alsoequaltothecon-batawaitstheactionef daslg*Bteiuleaders. LetItjamtSaoaeBROTHER'S Iron Works, awh-it., pense in originating and i)erfccling it,sfatetbat peaceApply hla Radlral Mr. Castauo, formerly Minister to tbe I'nlted States, Dem»K;tatic circles.'^'time, and my astonishineaitba CMaaabCia- are IJcntlOed with Its priaet-l-'«.'^l-i€S ,p^^"wiiited upon by a femalehas been ap[>olnted England.in a likecapacity toFrance andTbe following Ui relation to the same correspond-ence is the vci-sion inIt is understood that after ilr. Pottkb replied toHr. Pkyob's first note that he wov.ld receive any mes- sage that might be sent hlni In the District, 21r. Parox asked him if he would accept a challenge, to wiiich Mr. PoiTZX replied that he would Icfotm him when' ever a cbalienge renchcil him. Mr. Pbtoi then sent him a cballenec, to which Mr. Potteb replied, refer-ar-in lotniation, showingthe North and the Sjuth,platform—be its nama aad Its—!""'. o»ery kinil for p«r- "—SHSS—tS '"'»•=» "f^pjSrt- SEei. silk elaitinand a Nocturnefot violin. Mad. be LrssAS will vlavi ry. So far as this information goes,rupture, l.atlilnit trus,e.*!!S!lir-rraeaa, suspensory launThe Senate, to-day, vacancies caused by deathmoral and nently proper for circulation.influence of itis emi-tbaWhen Mr. SursMAn hadF^OiiWASHIKGTOW.A nVl.1. DAY IN COlfGBBSS.Messrs.BinTandMiuswerecalledinasMr. Pav-oa's advisers. Messrs.WitBSf^, ud HioXMAK, and Senators CHaanui and WasbwereMr.Fonat'sadvtsets. ColF.W.Las-IteanastbapiibUsbodnntil Mr. Cbismak,whowasREPVBUC«%Mfii:TING.andwlllicadIt and ;Mr, Cms- ,«oaatri wrcbuu. Look oat P»ncr l Pottss's reduced his advisers to Senator Wtim andsiawras„ mdhal feeultr. Pot op In Paittcnlars of itbe Pryor and MA> as Mr. PsTOa's. ,«•• JoU br *U 4rufg1Ms, (fo-Congress.his wishes and receive instructions.considered it barbarous and inhuman, but Inas- not dl'closk forTubies, snd threw down the challenge Message to Congress, "that it ha< been established beinss are held in Ibis -"aimiira ia a i.reason to believe It will be called cans and ratified.by therepliedLabsii, thronghUcaBS. Among those adopted by the Democracy,waa of brutes sBd dtprlTeO of every diatnetfe* "Bovard,event do 1 desire my nameInstitution in the Soulhem Stalest .\ny man who thought so took a i-ery super-against it:.who had been Mr. Potixj as desigjiated byj. 'active— ceaseless make new iieinmdsthen compromisethenconfirmed about-IPS, auklet.,aS<i all .u%ic» Iptrn^? appointments of capttilns and lower grades, to fillappUed, by MARSn £ CO., V. i [oaaa, (opposite St. Paul'. Chnrch.)t* Haaaekeepen.-, Hkm't HiBAOPiiona txbmin destroyerIs the aMest and beat axtlde known for the exteroii- ntisa ft CmtoB ITbtefCBags, kcaahes. Ants. Moths in!j I;|jjIcould the very men who nave madeWIS and elotbtng, and evary speclaa cl vermin that In•Place, and the Ucasenr';ii: of VMtita author,cience In a roar bvand denunciations are cedes. While speaking, lie took caeatiaa to dif-*sM yoar booses. Tryabox, sad (SStthe truth of theJfeve-. Principal Dipdt, Mo. 812 Broadway. Price, ^aeata to(i.ring"It Is Impossible to desire a belterU jus «M article Inag needed by the pabllc, to take the place" exorbitant pricee. Suoerior ""'torsinuse.thegreatsaleitIsnew whichmaybeto the same characterof to the same vio- harr.ngue,atloaLaadaa ClabSJSiJ^'^'^^'orsam.-.j which have enjoyed a mo Messrs.«jr"**'Bre.M' JSrllJKl. .*"'„'°'<1Tlic lostwith bowie-knives. This was declined on Brooklyn will take place to-night, at the Athen:ium ditference that the suDjeitU of denunciation vvere partIfBUPt teat of its SfflSstmiyy'-^"•.^bySrjJpiKKEft.JS,^^i,iw'reliedasentirely correct.been secured asand Mr. Iloi-Bissaspianist.MaMa-no Pkoanoxs aid Politics "f *^"S^!iZK.terests^"se f»<(>e»ds-st.,upiwaltt A.Thedine out She rcniatl^s.i that she imderstoodand cnterlag her carriagi iin\e oif. He tookanother and proceeded to the room of theHon. Ml. Wasbbcbx. This was about 4 Lambb, without Mi. Poitbb'b knowledge, tendered byIvin^^mm gr«*rCvanSgiTGoldvicmiiy wefe.S'^?*^}'-''"- ^o-requeslcllhe^«>iin thktis foundm* •the Jast tbe occupation one ouiht to pursue,aSSJaSa^Twinpotatoitdefcct,,?s*ats ikiSlavery,and they wfilbe'circu-'*'«^'"J"^ aaiatb*tia,^Rep«ib.. i wi a S'ampaiiyFreat! PreaentAvmahtoiself toMr. Pbvob wltfaout..'o'clock on Wedncsdu afternoon, lie did not see his wife again unlil this ai'tcrnoyn, !>u: did not!line comes ore of WHITE'S Spriag style H:it« for GentKnieo. Neat, tasty and lixht. Call iind s»... the Batter. WniTK He letdK the ftsbions of the day dtthe Model Uat a:ore, No. £iti Broidway.was also on drcjined,the yrounddark grey cs.srimcrv vest, white muslin shirt, striped drawers, grey wooicn stockiags, new boots and feltSance^Ilcgariiing theI'EroE and Porrsa, 1 have received details District,concert of the rhilliarmonic Society of in that city. Mme. Gassiib and Signer Gassisb havelent, rude, and eiciUng ianguage, wiUithesimplepower at *» Washington. Mr. Foan cooid not lOrielmerits and popnlarity.inhuman, and not usual lirstnotewashanledto Mr.PortsnbyMr. men. To this Colonel Lahuxb replied that IlracHAN, in the pretence of -Mr. f»^i:. of Indiana. Mr. Poms detested tbe whole system ofvoeallsts,"'!'* ."orkuirin^hip.qnestion pciuUngUaU.Meeting hUCity yesterday,of an unknown man, foundpistol was found lying near by. 'Tbe juryttieCounty, city,10S*SmS?r.-h '=':•. »' every ''-?"-;'''SL *','»'•'••accustomedto on EBBAX, the.Stewart fc Co??.Seams orfor the exercise of free speech on tUo floorthe Ur",uia«y. northeast wife,to accountof the House,tiie usualn:iine the time, place and weapons. But astoSontbeABapebUoMfilsads. Pbst,coDiitcr thesame, accordlicto Ibe law of this Dts-Slavery in tbe Blava Btatas, aat "ii, :•apvat^ mtVfOe prodoctt to bv aitelllBd Ma lalo•aak sevBtry. Second, additional articles to the listBr. Cbisbab If loqniredPonsa which was8 ». kveiybu.THB COBBCmOX INTJSTIGATIOll.Jir^ Putt appeared before the Covode CommitteeCommittee and the country that he wonld not that every citizenours, snd that tucb ssrrltide doessotiitheSlates where me Institaska exlMsuihe ^__as his life wasibariask ate., at giaatly ledncad prices. Be carticu- to-day. Mr. TaAiM being unwell and absent. The liberty of frpeerh was In involved. He was vrtUingtoto theappear, yet be was not and twoMr. CovosEthe witness to state the manner in which the same was disbursed. He re- plli d that he p:tid out every dollar or it under written requlsl'Jons from Col. J. W. FosjfiT, and, after set' tling his accounts, destroyed every coimectedhands,requestedthe floor of the House, which otherwise seemed 'examination to a sudden close, and the witness wasapparent to alL&f-9 same iis horses and prcoerty the And low as to what toe RapobUcaa Paftr iwatfla. cattle— aiid. may tie carried into if >oa Take us at our word aiid belD«s^HR7£^only playing upon hlscrcduUty. TBI ADMISSION OF KAMSAS.,promisescoBi.t)!,upRapabli-iwould meet them with bowie-knives ofSeior Mata retained to Washington this afternoon. weight and length of blade, either In a room or in the TBI CASE or JCDOE WATROUS. open air, all parties to be excluded except two sec-Thedischarged.equallaid on the table. Tbe bill amending the Patent laws came up.ifalUfT restrains tbtm from eonfidtog to friend or The Judiciary Committee are preparing to investi- onds on each side ; the seconds to be armed each with dar resumed.the case ofspaiitlna ob feaato eomplaiots, and tbe absence of feasance in office. They are waiting for the arrival cipals lour feet, and the word to be given Tne Senate w-en< into Executive session.Iraelr dlnst aetlco on tbe fmctlODS, soectfic I iBgradlaBtSihlshly recommend them.„WBMLMrMwvnujraiikuf.•f boltlaa ws bow aasd aroy year In the |aalgrdlUieata«tU]ig.wllbaeT«r-ralBsg eUaf Is fcnsisrtisna and eeitata. Only »of witnesses from Texas, Tbe case will occupy the secondmuch time. It will be put into tbe hands of Messrs. byHlckmsn, Kellogg of llUnols, Bingham, Roainaon of of money, and the fight to take place at some Illinois,PorterotIndiana.Alltheevidencehereto- timewithintwelvehours.The wasre-for »30C0O. Aojoumad.rqaefied Slaiery In New-Mezteo. Wa wiU adi woik,sailMsa wUe aad childiaatu— 0AS I Gas I1 leste tt toshadow of ycgjp tay wbetiMr, i„4;bFB£DllO^'SeE k CO, No. 441(Betwe'D Ranal and Grand sts.)have not done until now since his diversion from the Dernocratic Administration programme. Himself and friends are in high glee at Uie prospect of bis success in the Convemion, and do not wish t*) be Irsnred against any man whom the Republicans may put in nomination. The Rppsibiicap leiUers look a littlemominR. Ai 7, a reply was tent to Col. La-noee that Mr. Pbtcb hui' no quarrel with him, and that theywith me or either directlySlaveryupon, he said the Republican Party had never pro- posed to exercise that power luriher than to keepgiaduil eohMsallae uftlseneiiiu pupulaiien of the United SnttaliVlaa Central Americui Slates could be proawcad, aadniOBLKt>8 FOOD TOR CATTLB.WiO for theprotectionof thepiers,his fitciid lo remain in his position, [Laughter.] colleague's words,Utoiwan tayeiirherses and cattle at this teaaon ef the year.but In the event of a decision against Ibem they eni system, tboasaads ot aere* of ftmhsf laida Sllbwuuld commit an overt act of treason, by out a cabin oton the wave, leav- leslsting the inauguatlcn of a Repoblieao unbiokA ptUries held by specolatnn.ilhidltaaBta-Va AdweitlaaTaIN THE WEEKLY TRIBUNE.intended no reilection by the terms of their note,and 'territoryCa.'a CIrcalar.Mr.aitsweredonlyyears old,labor,seleet yoorVMylargi and deainble, cemprUing a great variety, pared for any emergency, and that his friends wonld keep constant watch of him and defend him, so tliat arisstad with great care Arcm the stocks of the largest if such a has existed it baa been deemed advisa-iidmtlal Namla'atloB.From the Augusta (Go.) Constitutionaliit.July, 1767.ance of 1787gress and the Supreme Court had repeatedly ap-wotk and be independent !"gateJudge Wathocs, chargedprin-cieed. Tbe Republican Party denied aadthebi, BBd inslstea that Slavaiy is tbe erearoie of lo- stead and ueiaptkm poUey la tilscal law, dep«ndent entirely npoe the law of tbe State pebUelaam. wa wHTlavlte bbb bi inwhlchit exists, Ilmlied to the jnHsdletlon of thaState : excepting, only, that if tbe slave escape he »^<be"tkt.er?ncBBs el UreUlMod, to aid ta maybeleeaptmcd.TheRepublicanPartyaairMdme*atol<t1bereeoBieaeofodrhoubupW that Slavery la a sadal, raenl and pottiica] evil, and BBewkaaaUaad la tha West.that li hi the right and daty of C(ui(ims,aad of the pev need aotfaar tkat thIa alUpie, to prevent its extension into free territory. It was ore, tot 'as ikaay tbootaads offoie produced against him wiu be gone over, and as mucia moie as his accusers can biiog agains; him.MORE INVESTIOATIONS.was delivered to CnisxAit at 8 o'clock lastter advising with Senator Hn:(TX> and other Mends of Mr. Pbvob, the latter having in the meantime takenMj. Cabjbb, of New-York, (Rep.,) from the Com- upon that Issue, mainiT, tfett tbe RepnbUeaa and men Ib tbe SontbetB acalaewiilThere is a prospect of anoLher Committee of Inves- tigation in the House, in tbe matter of the Chicago Light-house appropriation of the last Congress, givinguliteeoa the Dittriet of ColumblB, moved for au-Demccratic parttes were about to enter inioa coatast tor Ihe admlBistratiou of the Government for four )ear*, BBdpeihspsfor a generation. It was a con-of uls law as there will be Inothing at all. Mr. Cobs lalled to comply with thisinstruction, and Mr. Cut, alter the interference of ihe tliat Mr. CaiBMAn's letter conveyed reflections uponUteaMadsofanlaialB'UTea are aaanaUy saved by the President moved and obulned a re-consideration of his principal, who had distinctly announced that he ing no ilpple behind. [Langhter.i**aaeflkla Iks'* As jon daily fais down Broadway look atlkahaaaaefTBX ADAMS EXPBXS8 OOMPANT. aallkiaeaBe to No. 21 Broadway, and read thetesti-tbe whole matter in the Senate. Mr, FAaiiswoaiH, the representative of that city, says he can prove allthese thii.gs. ano desires to make a move upon it In the Bouse. Messrs. OocaLu and TacuBCLi, proposedid not recognize the cede, but who had hot placedThe (|ueatlon of excusing waa passed over.Mr. Cabbt, of Ohio, (Rep,,) asked leave to intro-by men In high postilon In the Democratic Par- ty, brought the Uepublloans, at the outset, to consider w better they woold yield their organizadon, surren- der their ceeply cherished principles and slak theiremtgr^nn Is tnined from Its course, Isavu vattd deserts In Its pathway.A; fattcaiDg borsee and cattle, and conTertinir the will make Chicago a stronger Republican city than erated the terms of the meeiing.and reit-Agri-culture to report a bill for an efficient reorganization manhood ;or whether they would take up tne gaimt- Territories for free labor. Slaves and slaveUB^reeeiyed from that L'oiapany. For economliing to do tbe same thing in :he Senata.- They think itsimpledefence if attacked on thestreets,Msat eommop hay or straw into a most saperior proven- 4ar, Bathing can eqoal this Imparted article. A farther aapityefthlsTalnable food has arrived by ship Folricjl: Jfcarp trea london.ever.DR. LOTIJOT, OP ILLINOIS.There bas been a curren'. rumor that certain gen- tlemen were waylaying Mr. Lovijot to assault nim.*M ia caaks, 448 feeds. Price, tUDipAt No. 21 Broadway, New-Tork. Democrats, met the evening subseqaent to the deUr- accepted, theyMtkti Maarae &Wuether that was the ontv purpose of the meeting isixthe Government.but its were as old as principlesV-—^ -"•—;half casks. $7. ipiy o' Mr. Lovsjov'a speech to talk the milter over. BiAii for their courtesy in tbe affair, and dryped thebe priuted aad lefened back. Several private bills were passed. Adjourned till Monday." Go to the West free air of heaven Is above yonthat Inasmuch cs the termsfurther, had beenThe hotels aire crowded with delegates to theOai sill liiiiint of Boys' Clothing is Jlaig^r than ever Chaxleston Convention. Canvassing goes on lively, self and his principal without consulting andaad best Importers.Oar Spring over garments, has!He will not be molested. THE CHASLKSTUN CO.VVgSTIO.V.that ordinance. InCongress In lel'dlon to the existence of Slavery inoutokuts of mail-routes andaaaa seats, vests and panta, are in the latest and most:suppose,SMraved style of shape and make.admitting MIssoari, which, relatingmav Ihat be,thp sblll of eogineeiaand bets have been mcde to a considerable e.tten!. hsAra so esriy In the season. We have given that de- Everyone bearly is now of opinion that the chanceswithout the knowledge of Mr. Porisa. He himself In Mr. FomtE's pojUion, and having nomyself,by France,naooeShortwas, he beUe^ods dsooepfapatedta 4h-partm<Btthe attention it deserves, and invite inspec- tiaa T Uh nnlimited confidence. Garments and fabrics adarfli to all ages, from three years to manhood.of Mr. DocoLAs for the nomln.ition .ire doubling everyday. TheSouthernmem'jersandSenatorsarecm-!'in collection with the orobable acdoji of thatletl warraiiled and justified in authorizing you, as a theSroadvsy,.ibont this mat- ter, already know, thHt so far from wisiung to be the cause of any i mbairassment In their deliberations, I do not uis.'t my na/iit: connected vntli tkn Presuteacy in any loav. This is certainly no time for the people ofWe will thank oar friends to send in their snnoince. downcast. The Prtsitieiit »ays, as 1 knowBents as early as possiljla. in order tn eecnre their in. that Mr. DoroLAS .^tands noij* ghost of a chance—noIt must be home in mind tliat thiswas carried on wlttout any direct luiowlcdge on tbe part of the principiUs. Copies of the letters h^ive since been placed in their hands, and .>ome appro-aartlon in next week's paper. We devote but one page cf TbsWbxklt TxiBmE to ailvertisements. and tho>e aal raeeived in season most lie over till the succeeding week Price $1 riS per line each Insartion. Circula- tloB S27,0CO copies.- No udvertisement inserttd for lessIts.Blacer'a Bevrinc aiaohineaa SSb 2 aewlag machineHa-lsewing machine n*femily sewing maduna, Abetter than nis own, which, he says, is nothing at all ; that all the /urore which the Douglas men are at- feirpting to get up is bluster and gammon, and that the Southern men areaspiiutioDS.South as well as North.wereplot ble to drop It.proposedCBAWFoBnviuji, Friday, March 9, 1800,positively,correspondenceliensioiiE are stillThe vole upon tlie adicissioo of Kansas h:is sue. The whole affair has thus far been conducted !finality ofithe Compromise.greatthe wishes of the of that The penple 'ferrltory.Then there was the recent difficulties mateTiXAS on the EUo which threatened K oae Grande,and h'.avy responsibilities would, with me, far out- from lis slumber to hiidthat i'.had been consummated. riocsTON. Many of our citizens were easeiat la weighalllaiiciedhonorsthatmaybesupposedtoat- Uuwouldnotenamlnethepretensesuponwhichthat tracethere,andacquiringinterestsiaherspHl,se tend It. iTt was touudeu, for the delusive of Popular thar, wnether we nisheo u.- not, we might feeitis well; perhaps, for the country that we have Soveieigntv was now repeated by every organ of the peiled, sooueror ia^er. to in'ervene, and eittaara|sak>-Adrsin. (A.L. D., of N. J. Xarlien. Wis.I-oKUi, III.Mirrto, Ohio McClernand. III. Moutvomery, I'cnn.to the city, is still in consiiltutlun nith his.dent, thedecision of theSupreme Court,Max-Allen. Ubin. Bair, N. Y. Barcett. Mo, Burch. Cal.From the Associated Press. WAsniaiiTOs, Friday, April i::.followingil e.«r«. Briscs, N. iCart*-r, ri. T. K. Joy Murris, Penn —I.District,disqualificationmy wishes. If need be, you may read itUo tbe other band, he would ask waat laailrtsslRepublicansDemocrats, lineluding Antl-Lecoinytou men) Americans and Opi,osiiiuni,-. out number :ind name.At the New Koivery Theatbk Messrs. Fox ,tDred Scoll, he relened to IIeii-eb's I-nprmUng pi"*to the public, and that the inventor has not been ade-j1Mason and HA».MO^^.Mr. PoTTiiE came into tlie ll-iuse athe retired tu a cloak-room.Th(- above is b.tsed on infotiiiutioii obtained inin the words" a deal We h ive heard goodSeml-ofliclal advices from Chilibeen entirely restored and tlie people are prosperous,andTHE PRYOB A\D POTMR DIFFICULTY.portionsBask^,PnrilcnIarn ni' tbe Duel that Did Not Talie^Vhv.Garden,played, with Mme. I'abobi in herbyhis fellow-non-aiave- Southern States, criuces a Ditternessan Us au- hoUr, kept'agreedoq as Mr. Pottsb's friendagalast ttUs oaefcamong gentlemen.tolearncolor, law in tbe rejeoted by the Repub- lelllgence tbey msv be. Bad are ledtused UttkalGaow, C, C. WASHsimw,Isaasi.Mr. PbioVs nineiaal causent obtaikcd.friend,can beseen, and hispermitto a^^M';;Hon.C,C.Wasustmir,andtheareferredMr.CaisnAN to Col. Labmb. Tbe latter lalormed Hr. Chubah that he bad verbel instmotloss to say la reply to Mr. Paioa'e note that Mr. PerriBdecUned leavlngtbe Dls- triel, astheCon.stitalioD ofWisconsin visited him withIkaa they dieTWvd, «r Otalo. course,none kaewIt; betterano, In the frankness efknawoae of Iheaweow,of themight go, aud it was but fair Mr. Parox stHhili en-cept s ehtllengeanswered in thepromptly delivered demanding the satisfaction osoal«is tha satastaaoa oftbere any appaieat we, ol the Fr»e have aoin theeoaslt Slavery tbe StalM. ItTin writing to CoLbythe Democraticpartyaadit onchallengeceived at 3 o'clock yesterday afternoon, and the replywinningtopof apieceklroself behind the last resort of the nonduelllst, viz:duce a resolution the Committee on instructingnowpoUey pniposed brIhBlhowever,Mr. Pornm would defend himself evervwhce; aud;in scruples regardtothecode,wouldmeetthemonpower Having byocrais,L.isn>ii,preventbloody alTraykidnapped. Virginia, (Dem.,) said so far as heNiblac», Ind.PeodletOD, Ohio.Rims. (a.I.. I).,) N. T.Kobin^on,111.Schwartz, (A.L. D.,)Penn. Mr. ravoE dispatched, through Mr. Hitoxas, of feel who desire from the Oovernment nothing out aVEAS.test of Toleration was allDwed Democracy.ino 30 -i5(»_17 73Glmeasure, but the frienus of it feel confident of success- <i.^From the Associated Press. Wis-iisaios, Friday, April l;i.the onlyon every'othcr subject. K Democrat might aspaffate Ircni his party friends on the Homestead, Ta^,aATB.j.i-o- barii-ir- ous and vulgar, and offers to coiistrue the code in tkein theunrestralucu Wbat tyranny, supported by corruption.Hiout, Oregon;wise, sate, sound aud vigorous administration uponjI<I1I<I [ : Ithat time- honored compromise. What sentiment Covernmett control. These andKth.jridse,Tenn.jsubstitute for Mr. IIinniiA!!, who was obliged to leave 'complishcorrect analysis. It may*la«i ssade expressly for mtnufucturiiig purpns,>s. possibly vary one o, iivo. The following summa- tor Arkansas, handed Mr. Pottbb a peremptory c'lial-leccevilie, Ua..Special Dispatch lo the Wew-Tork Times. WisiusGioB. Friday, April 13.siEBheroine,!all-cxrlting difficultytakenby Mr. Douous in reoeallog die Mtaoarther nnotnay that would place them on equal terms, and to road, with a portion of his head blown away by fire-,i,.,tOie^n,onMrper- climate from ours.wlUiag the closeMr. lliNDao having to leave for .\rksnsas on ac-ouut of sic'iuieas in his faii.uyUntitled DocumentXnd lOraa induence which sbaUTr...lUr. _ \leave the Distric!.resignation.Ihcic will lie twoat the .\cadcmy, where Miss Path appears for the last time as iVoriaa, in " Don Pasquale ;" the otherbereadwlUi jirofit bythebelieve any intelligentwhat is wrong In it, and yet obtaining from it usefulihereturn home, as he wouldhim,Opposi-connected with it inanyEnglish bill,could not leave the District. On this Mr. Cuisman, aIf racy. theytbeyvKoldthirty .^rmytries. :is to Ihe social,politicalpeople. cnllsforGov.Ex-Oov. Fnsn. nf Ohio, was then aotiead oa Ibestage, and there were loud c&Us iiot him scancame forward, and, for,haps, enjoyeilthe best favor of the th-anl\s tt> public.!iIthis form ofmost liberal way, provided other arms are siig- .prosra-nrae Gahnoh's Love for Love" was re- playedwiin o her inttresis ot Covcniiiient. but it adhered to its original and principal object, and even now it had;II|jelectionGovcriimcni upon them, and then using all tarpais^The grounds on which the Commissiomr of quentiy no denrand to make on him. Mr. Paroa isAt IlARsrM's MfSEiM "Jeannie Deans" hasPatents granted an o^ctention of the Morse patent ofand has notof his s,.-cond in the matter. The latter Is believed to The other attractions at Ibis establishment are with- form or lace of law, except as it affected the late of was, when lm^lng possession of tbe poaatsdf tbaIiHcasiire. to ine way in which it has been produce<Llican Party could crtablish a toothidd in theof the Pbvob and Pottebment affair, upto noon to-officeholders kathered In tbeday. Immediatelyshould derive noSlavery practical advantagenight.Af-rs^r»"ffiyiap—J Jnijini l. J.} .'::l£, '^^'??^ v'?^nrfS ^nq^mT!: MSthority to employ a Clerk.to erer offered before, will be 9b5,00U for the protecuon and repairs of the Itgbt- pest in Alexandria, replied that tlic terms proposed This being refused, he asked to be excused from stiluuonal trial tietween opposing ideas, t>efore the sparse. WbsHMBheols eie mBcalt of i^Ifew Gas lixturea for the Spring uyajMMptenanga, wbers 'k aoperiot« «t a«r great aiMUfaan fcsadway. opposite Mtblo'a.houre and piers at that nort. Hr, Cons, Secretary ofgieat jury of the American people. Befwe that tri- not be tM andtuiii liiK dipU, ramond towere biadmlssable andand heacknowledged service a-s the Chairman of the Committee.proeperous whea t^mj crowing settlement of funusual,barbarous andcorrespondence.Oar ttmA of Ken's Spring Cloaing; now iea«y, is sation. U waa given out that Mr. Lovsjot was pre- that his statement had been misconstrued, and that Alexmdtr B. Steplimss Seellalag tke Presl- aanounced bv the Voogrsss of tbe CoBfederatiea, ifi yoa, made toady tsrtha plow bythahaaAlcannot say, but it was the principal topic of conver-Its cstdlnal doctrine was (oraally The first Congiess confirmed the ordin-ain be woald coiitinuailon, said, theyArkansas, a note to Mr. Poms, asking him to leave such as will secure the of all. aud piinciples tightdemanded all tbe dddl, inti It merely dislike to gy of the people, aud he was glad taLaskeb,his friend, handed, after a lapse of twelve hours, a note to Mr. Ciusman, ai-i'cpting the challenge and naming conimon bowie-liniv£s as tiie:;Keiit,following of coinolaint thit:pon;: named by Mr,lo his deathhands, or was shot hy some person un- made againstof more *ajW¥l»K muchhe weaponsRepublican -luarters:iBallade,of this and foreign coun-retentative ofhim to Cul. La^dst. to make the—greataail the mad scene from Li cia," wlUi Mme. Cas-necessary ranpements. These terms, as projxised by Col. Lassib, to Mr. T. P. CntsMAB, were that Mr. Porrsa, though disclaiming allegiance to tbe code, would between light Mr. Petoe in any place, in doors or out, In theconsented,beingbodyPottbb weieand beol slaiery, they trtll written andvs'uaoieuiawwjw*jiTM iuiSaCSlii"wi .!«! Icam _ftom a B«l»a» letteramong gentle-iwould not, of ray own free chiice, assume its greatojiportupity'It and who have a taste and inclinatioa differently,the wea- arms. A to. Col. rendered a his owncameare written and speeebes made in tin in-ThT^ssScrinsif'STt^Msact for the admission of Kan<aswas Mr. FiicB, of bdlana, (Dem.,) ollered a fcsolutioBvery large taOa^og at Cooper In-sga'BSI SiBvery. But Ihe daowrwas »tfidirectingproperaeeouhtUigofficersof tbeMr. Cbab. T.Republican Uidon, who introduced the speaker piucteded tbtheto settle theJuBB Sbsbuab, of Ohio. Tbe cbaUr was occupied bypurposes, sM to (tra afsw BeHhsra toea,^.....—-, iUpabUeaa .wne,a pretext <ur vloialkM t^M^f^raa- isremej.ta"wa^bythespecial Committee knew that Ex-Mr.would be bowie- spoke of tab actions of the Committee, the Senator releirtd to asize andand memorial wereMjies,ofExecutivebranchesoftheGovernneat." Healsoknewport in line time."tuic,nothingCongteis,anyTerritorialthe slaves will be gradually aaaeUoiatad aal •_uptU the greal pilneple taat every mad hai ftt Message ihe piocecds ef his own Istor asay ba raof them. The Committeetha; neithernappedpapersSome verbal ameadmenis were made.At J o'clock it was laid aside and thethe Territories ot tbe United States, and tnere held publican Prasleent. I wlU tell »eo.^^ as slaves, not only without local or Congrersloaal t romptly sdalt Kansas as alaw, hut In defiance of both." Those deelara- ano Stale intoBOVSE OF RKPRE8ENTATITE8. WAsanrsToa, Friday, April 13.The House was engaged on private bills.>the Treasury, during tiic last »ummer h.is eipendeuWASircR. PICK * eo. $2J,0W) upon ihe light-house. Ho then refused to pay no such mode of settling dlfBculUes between gentle- Mr. BcRBSTT hoped this would not be granted, as case upoB its malts, sad Bblda by tha de^ioD. The Yon a4B|e, what w-tli beeoaie of tbe fthe remainder, and it is believed that the moneyihe gentleman was a little excited.of Mew-Democratic Patty, however, at tbe sutset deelared that It wUl not susmlt to tbe decision of the people, should the people decide in favor of RepubUcaalsm,1ST Why, seatlemen, tbehas been used for other purposes. Accordingly men, A«w> fehsa* ar Bac. structing blm to pay over the remaining t6S,-as they were~J*iiInhuman, t ta aaery maa wh* keepa a Horee* a resolution was put through both Houses, in- and suggested that Mr. Lasdeb's principal should of-vulgar,iceeivers, laitd legliliii.his Coated a> a feather elcqnencedeadening,"aifiaa ofot the Agricultural Burean.Mr. Bbabcb, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) objected.let thus thrown down, and, as tbe peers of their-lelMa tree labor requires tHitsqnaitaraactlaeaf ti^lHa- Mr. Cbisxah again replied, that inasmuch as he On motioc of Mr. Pottbb, of Wisconsin, (Rep.,) ngbt, in conformity with the Consiltation and the dred and tlx^ acres to colttrate. Woea ihf aaallc had that Mr. Poirza would not defend the C< mmittee on Revolu'.ionary Pendons was au- laws, to select the agents of the Government. Tney land is open for homesteads of litnlted VnM<nUm. acknowledged thoriz. d to employ a clerk. had chosen the latter. But while it was their duty tr.ere Is little danger bnt tbat farms wtt madtii himself upon the street, and their terms were such ss Mr. CcBTlB, iTom the Pacific Railroad Committee, Eot to be moved hy such threats, it was equally their plantations, and 6ee labecexciude slate la^mt Apart There is no douot tlmt several gentlemen, Soathem could not be thanked him and Mr. reported a bill on the subject, which was ordered to duty to examine the claims of the opposing party, and from these considerations, I ask you If It ni'aot awhoarrested MrGoT. WisB Was in possession of important Atcti re-Mr. BxALX, that he did not acknowledge the code, and lating to tke Harper's Ferry affair, which he wonld the declaration by the President In his last annual homan.ty. TheTetrCMttkatlooriand as thethiBg like Ue extent elsewbare, wlUwhoed, ai d piit tn jail, ana the othersummoned,Northern knew nothing about the affair, were arrest-,op- ponents, insist t>)st the majority shall exercise lis;would re-nutany human power, has authority to annulproofand inhuman, thereby reflecting upon him- vention at Miiledfcvilie on the tlth Inst., and I there- the Territories was acknowledged and acted upon, tioundary'; bnt OB that line, mwBa'stigmatizedasbirbarous,provedfore address these lines to there. The subject re- he cited the act invulgar,DiAR SirYou will, I yoube in the Con-devidua course, ttirough deseris akog f"stantlywiihhim. Theywalkarm-in-armwithhim,drii>k his li(|Uor and visit at bis house, which they their own terms. This was aboht 3 o'clock this friend, to make Itnown generally to your fellow-mem- < ases proved that the po A'cr of OoDgress to prohibit ol moderation. It would also be prepared to etpstdartberefoie declined the offer of Col.Lisnra.',i{•felt os to the course they miy pur-surprised no one. It is just, and In accordance with with the greatest prudence and secrecy, and the to by those who uo not know me, 1 assure you I*'I-,beis w hit you, and alt others who have conlerredkept Oowa by the feeling uf caste and by the prejudioes ot adioa- t on. might not be made useful and zndepeadeat ettl- the South to bo weakening their strengm by craiic PartlesOiad acituiesccd in the Compromise of ztnr oi flourisliing Slates in anotlier Utitodw; Oar divisions and struggles to promote or advance the lh50. All, or iieariy all, the other issues had become lelalli.ns With Mexico presented questioBS of jQeatFrom ourindirectly,nowand Ex-Oww.There was a;I neverbimal the Republican Party was wiUlng to discuss its Into aMr. JoiiBthat the Anti-Polygamy biU had passed, entreated by cbcxning a Republican PieaMeBt—that in the event , lUons and the prtmerty of r 'CociiEAKX,York, (Dem,,)_^ bcooeiea tha caplttlevryw'iprfindivic.uaily concerned,that 1 have i.o aspirations for that high office—none controlling Interest—an interest above parties— Mexico lo the Pacific coast, much of it occopia^ by whaiever ; and whatever comment it may subject me keen to discover, and prompt to seize upon the tribes of Indians, who hal been emboldeaed taTab$100 Democrats are in a tl?ht place In the Senate. The above is as reliable as any information caa be93 policy of the party is against its admission, but its de- outside of a publication of the correspondence it- so but my bare volition, lis duties, cares, anxieties, wai ihat act of bad failh that the country only awoke liuie to provoke an invasion of Tsmautlpast^Ge^TS feat would be most disastrous when the majority for:trust?, ifnothingwere necessary to enable me to dorepealof the Missouri restriction. Sounexpectedtheir interesting classical soirfM thisTne the clamor evening. withwhichIhavealwaysregarded1 wish itdistuictlyknown theBut there was ato extend its power. That "interest our acquired " fellow-citizens" of New Ifasteo.the tlons, and sustain it with matenal aid, or admitfor Ibe position. 13y all means, let some such one, vetoes of the Governors of Kansas and Ne- icu, or parts of it. into our own system of Stain or who can unite the greatest strength in the coming braska, the action' of the Senate and House, Territories. In any of these eveails, be saatalttnj contest, be selected as the siandard-tiearer of our all showed that it was a cheat and a show. It that It would be better to hove ih:; m<aier Intrmted ta cause. Let there be no useless and mischievous was that that had caused the great bod) of mechanics the Republican party than to a party Ibst waoild ee- wianslings ior individual favorites, either at anil buslLessmen, and a portion of the Democrats of tahliih Slavery there. The Republican psity-wotild aiio be piepaied to consider whether tbe -aeateat or at Charleston, and all the toNorth,after Uie occurrence in the House tion, is that TKiilch all good citizens should resolve, never to be yielded, that the institution of cSces might not be routed, sod tfeilr dntlaBcontains aby Mo;cABi, and a trio in D minor, by Schcmarb. Mr.programmequartetteBicii's Chicorlneassi-t in the vocal department.weialoadas the entertainment.given SeaUorcredit and thanks for havlsg aided tbe BapnbUcaa I'arty in wcakCBlng .the oraaalA of diir SIsmNew-Jersey. PnOllABLB BOICIDK BY SllOOTlSO.was held at HudsonproscriiilloD. by severing shln, ot family anda heated enthusiast,Chjrchverdict tliat deceasedoperaticto-day:tbe bouse during the evening, bat wte badI feel in theaoffrom pe.rformed by piivate enierprlze, orgaatepdPuhganiy— uu157 weapons an.i to light in open air with two friends, Mr. Bui'B»-i'-Ai J r'ri Irish drama of ** Colleen Bawn." That \v:is the intmr»:;i.ate purpose of the Republican be ti lie to .<«lavery or be ostracised. Under tbe nametestsagainstasabsurd,kniiiities, he would had we of New-York a-sk,PonzaThe vo!u will be very close in the Senate upon this bzb offers to substitute himself for Mr. Pot- J. M. Nixon continues to draw fine bouses. The struggle, he was glad to say, the Repuolicaos inMr.to decline any other terms, and Mr, Lax-gested.authorized Mr.I.andb3•j so excellently that it bas since been repeated.a Coogiesa • aaaa.withoutccctultlngMr. Pstob, Mr. CaisuAsre-of a character new to America. OnDnnu'> bin," but even tliat was rejected by the Democrats,patroM^' M yoor pleMJaf ^grav^aWto both of which weapons, proposi-mistake.giess made no TheyHon the fraudwith othertxb,tions,plies that Ihe first is vulgar and inadmissible, and that while appreciating Hr. LA!iBxa'e zeal for his friend, they have no cause of quarrel with him, andconse-IeuaMIr <>iMheard of the miction have acted alter cuusultation; with Messrs. Miia j,still inVirginia,yot-.j I|{;;Con- had voted to set'le theers of the Gdvernment to induceAtwasbenelit. w hen the comedy ofvivctl. w ith aii excellent distribution. It wasgethercles,navy-yards!as an exemption against legislativetheIlronze Ilqrse"MoBday will be produced, with much oflive-oak contn.'cts. and the"the orii$inal music and innumerable scenic displays.Think ol themin Dtemptminor, (No. 2,) -..lioiit ilie bnok. It is chieflymade ofup stjitisUcaltnotincesoneofredred when the calls wore made.at tne Winter w here " La Traviata will be sussestlon.'. That portion—Anby Coroner .\ck-A private letter from Hon. A. N.uof the duelist, to meet Mm la a in a sw^mp on the meadows near the Northern lliii- harmless, because of its iitler innpracflcablUtr. And teiing.objectedrestrictions, wldch known. Deceased was apparcntlv a German, and lated. If they are falsa In theory or' ObtKiiid-will betliat be had no quar- was tduiested in a bhick frock coat, black cloth pants, ed in tsct, theyOTalttuown^^by, Tea. son and argninant, bat Jn ae otberi WW.l Tbe ery means taken to deaouaea a booc Ml gtva It The'.'orresf.onclfnco t-.-^fwecoii Ibc friends of Mr hat. Tbe boily was dp;iosltod in a vault, to remain wider ciroolatiaB. Thousands arfao never haaid ofrel with Coi. I.AJDEB.Pciii.i .iiii; Mr. I'Mon inomlng forty-eight for it, readThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069now. 'TBWe*'"TM' SSt"Se"uScf[m1he"i."ltti^"-«"«»inqucstail the Ues of social eounectioB,withform the staple of many DeiBOeiatlc speeches. S««e, BBitfyfeMIrallyIt would agitate. The Republicrms felt there was no way to meet this ever-r.istu'birig element ui American politics, except•*Ytiu snail nott-x'end .*.l-i,civ in ihc Irce IVrritories ot the Unit.^d States."firrelv t;> say to lis ai'vt.cates;a.l oihcr t>at be toast questions:we have circulated a book written by a nati\e and citizen of a .-'lave state against sla-the fears of the tiiuh], thai coaqoeryetBooks'• i»«d»" lo «">«Suchmost clamor about the book. It Is a book that I bodyretired, who hadman could read, condemning " ofthe book written thea%whicn is addressed to holoers of thenearlybis witty renaifts aad tellbiKin themade by men in the interest Slaverythat has its parallelCorgress. I have listened, over and over againhis ideas are thesame,diflcrently applied, tnat"j4 -*' .slavestbe Territories of tbe United States, and there turtnng eicnieatla AaMdoaapmayhold them as slaves i" and " that his right to do somust be protected by the Judicsl, and Legiolailvenorl,eglsla-lurther declaration of the PresMen:tertaln the that IbopebyTioiin._ . .Republican standard,greatpolitical move-speoefches on the lloor offer with Mr. SnsBBAR, who had 1)000-LAsInstead caughtthonght'.! --»M./rj|mt an end at once to tbat eoatn tiaas were, he said, adopted by the aontroUlog settle with ae Mormeos la •private calen-The Dill for the relief of David Htibu was passed majorti; bl tbe Democratic Party u a uart of its cclp^ ftotiorM. We wllln«««Bt Hdeterminedgreedypeat-* .-^..^:.>-- .ii i!L .'• ,sooihem oppaeMaaftcmaetlBKwlibtbe B« stitute Isst evsning lo hear *a address from Hon. mislead Ihe BoalherB people asisaarprtaiRc^ebs, President ef the brieflyandappropriately. Mr.SaiaaAs'sat totar- sp7ketheefthe his reamxhsto interferewiih inYoungMen'sand tafflisBS of President with open force. This threat, made iard th^rogress of ^settieeMBts. Tbe afaat Ms tfqnlie plantBllons of tboossnds of aeieato leslst thim by a practical contrast of their noble policy for a free goveninkeat Iosiqf tb temttat measures and policy. The Republican Party was who are poor and oat of emptoyiaeat, yet wIUIh taSupremeCourt.against Slavery,and ciace Con- then,\will, underl^iui tbe aUusions to my name in the newspapers, declared tba^ Slavery is forever prohibited. In 1628, summated. The Republican Party, co^Dosad efbut I trust placed the circurasiances, excuse ihe obtrusion.as human lire{ 'lates to pitiicl pallyyouto ail the ceded territoryunder thebody,I in Cabtib's the Sbme case,wooldthese aud other sider the TarlS Question, withoat bias aodla ain the Territories was and acted recognizedthe whether the great question,out of therestriction, and out of that acquired as free territory.SlaveryIn the contest of 1852, the old Whig and Demo-we troubles of JhB" forhaimony among the friends of the Constitution The Democraitic Party succeeded in the contest, and couniiy, and were at any momeot liable ta oeof favorites to the oihce of particularso nice auo reluied ttiat the mind would not popularaiff.cu.'ly.seograohical positioaCmel ot the Union. Itis Ma^istra'eatime So far as I atudr.iw <!istlnciibiif, and became indifferent to result?.aflectedtheeminentlystnrfblybysectional suifc was soothed by deceitfulinvolved in a war causes of byWewltb nation had aa Ireedom lo Kansas against an invasion from Mls- aliiidtie^ ui'b sucn ideas. Think of JsnasMh, orbeen able to act nmplisa a great dealIt hid securedsuch ideas':Thegreatestsouri, which ail Republicans condemnrMi, as tney did the invasion of Virginia by seventeen white men and five negroes, led on by a fanatic. During that culywhole controveisy bv what was known aswho at the time believed Kansas had been secured tothe InterestSlavery.,in couciiLsion, after havixig referrea to ^e aatanl sectionalism or the South and tne natofal ao^ifva-After reviewed having brieflyofthe Kansas struggle in Kansas aud in Coogress, and referred to the Dred Scott decision as a polid.-.al neresslty yielded lo the Democratic party, never here- tofore noted for its love of courts, without either theUMnlry.*'ma IB** B* iBstttDtlbB or syuam eaa oriJtmThe homesteadlican Pany will uaqiMatlonabiy aid ia saea4a*4tovinlaaMljgreat problem of Iba ace—a Pactfie RaUway« <—was admitted Den bv Whigsacdthat the of powersetUeiaents, atKSthe best.of Louisiana, which lies north of 30° 30', &c.. it was ol those present would live to eee ibatgiaad Hdaeaa-covered the Missouri bywhether tliat which was now population,ourhad in common a bolder stretching from tbe Golf of"werenow theattenttoa i receiving theyof slavdwlders. The Compromiie, and he it woahfbe a rely loac'Blackauthorvades his book in a differentThe advice of Hbusbto his fellow noaalave- Ihemeetingseparated. holdors that tliey could abolish a syetem thatbears heavily uiwn them bv non-intercoiu»B,by rodalfcUow- advice of which, howevar vIndicUte, is^""llTtntZ ^J'^'Sl'i^m^ m- repiGaada fl^BDld proepects, tJ'e'««*wJ»o?Mjp^;beyond. ..-:,-.^aoftheall the Territories. No poUoealmen of the Jackvok, or Clay aiding JuBB Calhocbuitering lorgedxeiums, buildinghadilHalThink of such menlug out among party favorites the profits at aad ^iaa*ira~tlierebeen prasaat In tbeaglttt mifiigg^www.fultonhistory.comi-'ld not close till this hours, fur identification, Mbu-ib'i botrii but the outcry agalmt have 