 '.from beginning to end, and I have running rem^ks to make on this report. Tht end of the fight u not cor-that tbe limb was fri};htfully once to it. All lo the aud of the battle with his leftpower,Tbine arm thy sceptre,andpilot.•t-jcki'.as aina'.cr of .-ou, is,friends <rf Satebs ca'lcd to iilmloti!te bif time, jis.-, ;TBffi Gl^AfTll^GHT nVJL PAKTIC1TI.AItS.fonodtbeirmost dugerous ebaisolcr. I eaa hardly tell kow resorted to tbe-moet uafalr means, kickinjg B'^aaaaHi £*?eBt Declared Battle.Bior DnCBACEFIIL pnto be a Drawnof aewnJblsge persons-so many a.king for the lime erly attended to, and bla poaUiea wlU be BatoUinedFaal CoBOfer, 1Idifignation iMtUcfell, HsaiiAK strikinggotthan right allies, wnen we began to -encounter po- The farhlcn of this office, however, has passed away one, which tent Ton staggering back, and after some FUpi«sPd to be struckMc«i«B Ib tlnmA CoBdftion Affcr the Flgrbt.AH «>& TO THB VICTOR.:OVo?miTI«aOMr%I>«olia OMMtpondrai. lOHlwn, M<»dar, April ^,"(860.nothingit," theirWe had traveled "irtteli la tke brona oM»o»iDg, bone-raciag a«d the twenty-five miles from London. We had seen poKce.six 1 leet to quareTbe IMM lag paper* quote tlie bettiBK OB the fighttbe stakes and pnttli>g up the ring was soon accomplish- ed. The crowd looked much more respectable thanways so .pathetic as having gone by,—we are glad toBrigs E. W. Seybam. Nieksis, Bsaedlas. TsMk k.The fact is, every EogUsh- t appeal* just aa certain of HautAa'i de-Tan an> (oing to Iteat ns at the Derby, Sir, but yousay, never to return.who would have seconded Saiebb, yesterday, as:'««7ta4ac<aiiBtHaa>AH.Oayes. VUssa U A. P. Floser, Flye, Port.aa-)>riaea, 0. *S,jIfta~dtMDa>ber, (Br.JCapella. Ace, St. JoBa. J. T. Onatosto k Oe.: ]b:nobility and gentry," be- sides the toble owner of the property, we were shown -kvlh ill. Ungland- hu never had a middle-weight the Duke of ScnixaLAiiD, the Marquis of S casvmd aadX300 to tbe combatants to beat themselves almost to death within it reverend precincts.corner into and peered.tosay tnat across what touted out to be a most diiiicuii n-.:.- **'present, and among tbertiirrr"T equal to Tom Sirats, and he Is muoh Col. PxxL. There were two thousand persons about,martoin return his tremendous fail give lungesBon dependency'BaaHar uahaaBt-tkeahadowof asliowlae:"Theaged•lenrcd, k>^je aoaa lie is an agreeable and geatlemanly a, M w«U ba aa oat of the ring.^B<t 4je imte atwblch the papen announce tlie bct-to the American, following it up with another, whichmastereoboatas, Nickerson, SatttUo, Rio.Postft SaaU man.aott. Alexandria, ke., Bafbrd 4 Doaire ;In a little lesj than an hour from the stopping of the -taf liT~iT t aaaoly correct, as I found last evening, by trains, the two men entered the ling. It was the first a p(ay Jb at tke vackius rendezvous of tbe bruisers. time they had met, HsaifAif hating missed a rendez- ; I heard vous made for a meeting some time previous, as isRichaona,0. a.Pierson: J. L. BevasaaTWasa- refeice ordered them at once to discontinue. To do ter Hayagnez, J. V. Oaatonak Co.; ""-'sVI Taija.IB aoB* ^ees tkey are offering two to onePieiaonwhich kiujckta Co.; Red Baale, BroVB, Savannah.--•f aa*er il large sums taken at this rate.agalBth e saalicr people, the Tliird Estate of tbe-Aacy,-trbobaveaeentheworkhewastfielessdevoutlywished that, assomebodycounter,pauked, rested,firmly;.^t'*"Tpn^nions,smallat once dashedmouth and nose were dreadfully beaten, and the sideHxuA> and admire nataraliybothwater. As tbey csme up again, Saybbsairdcoolly away,with coth hiseyes open and helpless,McDermuCt, Bangor. T. H. BandfordTkehTOiileTesortawerea series of hotels and por- tn-honsaamanlng through from I^cester-tquare to 81. Martin's Court, and embracing asanng other ta- aionawldle if Hsx.fan could have closed with bim the Champion's chance would'OwKM Swin's, Nat LA!roHXM*3, Ben CA<raT*8, and ti>e Hound Table. At these places weaccept leiatlugfixed lor the match was, of course,sucici, afc the police, to do them justice, leftplxceaa prolouna uj meansslgbtmore be would have lain at thepsaaengersPetrel, bakai, ProviaeDoa, «it&Aaas« Ikwiio1k« Uaited - States to see the fight - Jomf Moa.' ant- also tke personsas tb.; mtter weie so oistoiteil ai.d swollen that it was bard to say The tram wa^ une of Inimejisc the lossBBSSBY, who whipped HazvAH, - thefamous Biui JItllkax, a most determined lookingyester- atl of what areaaaCapt. JiAiTi><.aBd others.HaaBAS, and, I am told, lias gone to see Satxls to in-thimInHusAS'smodeoffighting. Theother I of cenrse are opposei) to him, and he 1; Ikns isolated. We saw, also, Hovaed Paul, a moststrengthBYTHE L.^TEST TELEGRAPH.Httle 'Mi. Hooaa, an uncle ofwas muf- fifcd up to his eyes in shawls ana wrap^iers, stitnatit.iHicsAa'a,The men to take care of appointedcaued tat each upper classes, thoughpersonstaggeringcameever fromfightMoaaisssr betsagatostShip;raMwav-itatkia, LoB<inliriMlaiMt-flMr« ataiaalfjWheBKaiaiatoBakato tw let was is factthrengh with smtwlBg_«f day and *o <ew capable of giviaglctotbelaet.tloDS the Champion In the young novice he nad thuds upon tbe race of beiag clear lad>. eluld aad narse ; AnGUSTOS. met with. Tnwe who bad backed SAvaxa seemed above all ihe dm. Sayebs seemed getting <-e«Eer Bicley Bn-AasMaraaAtvo daoca rather depresied ; the betting gradually beeasaa even, each Uroehe was knocked off nis legs, and Hxaaui nier, three loas BM. setvant : Un.ta cany things to the lengm of the brigands on the'^wlicbann nearly to de*tb, who iiad only time to torn OUT switch thtjty feet In advance of the traio. Wekaner. HisxibriStiBa Beckcrle.Josrph KoblBAna. Csaiad Fisehnaiin. a. BmrDene and Fraccatl railway^arrest the trainAt Ryegate our train turned suddenly to the rightindown tbeir hands audlaughed.A»g<i.t,X.F.ml«rie«a MalUand. Ui..liJnU^i^SouthaniptoDjCalUd Farnborough. perhaps fiftybegan to look seriousfor theChampion,and almtMtfightwere uveiwhelniea, and tbe whole ttitng tiecame aBnipa Molocka, Oiowb, Biemen. Racer Braa.:oen waiting for us at all the stations on the way ex-sioe, who, allowed the mpearntisans however, tofigtitand in the crowd were very many of tke London celebrities in the literary, artistic and sporting world. It was remarked that Johit Beioht was not present.gave syilwTh. Reed, Kelly. Ncv-Bsdfcrd. asf; Stotos-and then the custom. Tney Fhook hands and chatted pleasant- allbittingitke/ace,.y while the preparations were going on, each scru- linlzing, in the meantime, ids man, and caknilatlngtohavetodo. BothmenwereZ. f now, Jon«s. Beltaat, R. P. Bock k Coare alraid to risk theirat nora than S to 4 against tilm. I have heard naturally tbe mott at home In the ring. As they strip-•ar^teaoitwrstakedonthefightatLondonvariouslyes- ped,eachmanwasloudlycheered,buttheAmericanIn goodappearinggoingcondition, looked confident, SatibsFortsmonth, Beaton. Dajion & Spragae.;London. It is fuller and more technical than myis bound tor threeblows it isthat one ofpotsiblesayspeculate.in London, and perhaps will not be. I had been told by Englishmen before the fight that there was too much money bet at odds in favor of Satsrs for IlEiKAS to be permitted to gain the contest. Eng- lish gamoleis are just as desperate as any other gam- blers, and in tne condition of speculation in whicnrectly reportedday place the lesthand, only seeking to ease the evident pain of the in-HxcMAir went to the field, a fair showing wassome thousandKim, s-iilin, and gavethiAme-'-uieamerDawn, Perry,lobe expected.the ring and see a fair fight, were men who had betCauwpa. (ofP. R., ApnlU. withangar toe. FaveosteetkCo Book alter leaving land encountered strong gales aad vtXT1way.Msntncket,) Riddell, AqaadOttrwa WM a mob of theIH IacToai his forebaad, asa—ftaiiawaai migihfilydls- .assooaatBsany times my packata w«irk p*MQu«i bv the llgbt- and pulllnc bim down.Cbamploo was loatjig,BKt(hesametbeyOMe.wfcaw pbjateal keao<7 in maa and animal is so.jBoeb iilMlrrl, mad where piitols and knlTes aie cept the last two or three, and at each the same amus. Those were the "good old days," the "palmy days"^ could recover and •martt at&t In aelf-defence. ing scenes took place with these gentry. tbe ring, about which the sporting joumais are hlmsell,far a long time «kampion of England. -We assured clenched falls which took place, Hukan fell under leap this, but their success was not such as to en- and the ivmerlcan Instantly rose;boatNo.fi, Mary Catbtrlse. The B. L. has bsattaa weather most of the passage, with macb light vlads.klm of the great pleasure we had exoerienced but once. Uxznak cime to the scratuh every timejB OBI stadeDt days at seeing him knock in first, and he did all theto » eacked' .int all the best boxers of New- tant smile, and show ing rot only good humor, but atwo,gam the opposite bank had only lo jump back lor Sayebs was In leach, HxssAit gave bim a heavyUieir pains, as tbe ring was formed on the Haaipsbire blow over the eye, and almost immediately after aFarce ta the Lion Tamer, THIS UDE IB WBITTKB.liaU: HEEBAH,baU!'SliplOild Piueos, Martew, Taleannana Was..wilkYork on the Bowery stage, whereupon Ban expressed kli satlafaetlasi. • We%sked him to take something,"oit of honest love ol the game."Sloe hfter all.Tbe instant the inclosure of ropes and stakes, 24still more fierce one on tbe mouth and nose, whichnow in poor Savers seemed all knocked into one.MuscleLord of tbe Cestus, monarch of theAc«.tt was IB hia own shop, but he said ^wJfcsanythingstronger than lemonade," wbich gave aatbaliBpfaasloK than Bra was still stronger in tne Bsoacitr than br the King's Enslish. We asked him abostthiaold ftiend CaAKLiT FaasHAK, the IllinoisTtiere was and both exchanged hits, slight sparring,vkm he brought over with him i^om America aad vfib died here in misery, and Ben letated the hia! lory ia nob a feeling manner as to convince us he. gtoat; -Hbena? a blow which sent him tottering back,Ifccoc^we found a lot of the "roughs" sitttog around'';tsteamer Polomska, Nye. New-Bedlbrd, witb mdait ard pasaecRers lo Joa. Allen..iii.'jiiLtr:) uf both Ho'js-js l:iplenty. Aulcors, po-its,loins.pogiliatic glory,fiatea Lis nugewithtnemorning alr,.ne louaed—K^nitand the monkey. In instinct they were iheir masterTerioniiiadt minus the heart. Wiiile the visiturs call- ^.ed loudly for more beer, tbe watters atcu^ed them-English say ihat Hi:a;<aii was killing him in t.'iat po-ccveluptneiit of pb> steal power. Savsits l-iokel at •sniash. Tnepowerlessnessof SAYBES'rigl-.: arm wasAnd eke upon the "smeller ?'•- Say, dlis't thou wrap Columbia's flag Aroundthyloins—tboupleasantwagTo fight beliiiid such bars :-weieIndescribabletilingbetweenthebull-dog(I;!;him long and eariie^tly, and as one who saw in nlsmore th:in ever manifest in this round, which lastedi;eariy 20 minutes. He seemed una'ile to move it*Hles .conceded only to Him wnat lliey coui,; n jt do tbems^ves. ^he French artists were going tu sketch tb« Bteat figkt of ta-morr»w.which IlLESAB had the advantage, and In one of .4toBt As rsflaeUoa recurred often that it was not ex-ring was broken up by the English, notwithstandingtlie efforts of the .Unericans to preserve it TneIIhad to contend. As far asthe ui most had been aone lor DOtu, aud It wut'id iiiit be & lost lessor ii some of our young voiunfir.rs imi-guaiii aud iiuoclced htm dova n'th a l)ke.Ii,;hling,lo UAsnia's » ishSc.lr. Ocean-Wave. tVarncr. t^'ashi.lgton, N. C, ds.>leen IrjkLig tjatatlon !«cdlDg from town,Mr. DowtiMO, tofor.ropes,itittn oentaining the fighllog men andtheir friends.beforeonce seemed to revive all his vigor, for he made>n ainepOTn,however, snou 4 be madeBotii in^tan'ly put theai-toatop,mentary f'.'gutiuln..f«. iiuNAN ran to the_)J«ht-brie, of Beth, from Wast taOas ibrm •orooe-halftbelat i230B.,Ion 67R3E.laia.hmornand «iirai;ig off an icitenleu tiiow withlTlie railway company furnished station aiu-r iLeciutij'.-., atiii after ni'icL &wvil.fn aud pufiy, and nis left'.was ft*st Hi yet, thoughhispoor is s'-e—« was that three cxicetoAApril;throughsproats,"Fancy,public propriety, haveobtain his decisionmm,down outsice thestripped aboui SIX fe^tagain. a"L' Sayebs being do.'geil ru'tnd aspool: Yoitiown. furctarles'on: AuKoa'a. for farannAlipioentIhegreattght. EveryraUw^y and «ven the fields for aouter in wmch were olrlcg, gentiemeu all ranks-:Ac.: ParSeraburir, jcrPortlaao.JoDg .Way.out of Lo-jdan, ha-.c beena>y pollceaien on the loskout for yie arflva! ofByTelaampk..•I neverin all tbeir lives.The fight had lasted about two hours, and had beeng on t~h.e was greeted in tiie same manner, and the two men, side of the America!; Sayebs drew back Id spit theRinghise>esUi i»»ntti, and a mug of ale before him on the other. Everyootiy saw tliat It was his o:i!yever, Sayebs dated not trust himself In tbe grip of an sntagonist so immensely his superior in height, ueii^nt, stier'etli and lengt'i of arm, and he could only folluw up bis advantage by giving another neavybbip ammA June, (of Bath. Jlaag bbles, each with an exactly sioillar day pipe intt* ^Hblc There were men there we should Hsj.naxis acouc six feet two, with exir»ordiiiarily long arms, deep cii;:st, and wide and powerful snoulders. His apptaroncit yesterddy was truly Jvrinidable. Excrctsii .in-j Jong training liaddfveloiiedtnelaimeuse inusoies Ot bis arms ana shoulders illlWood, Calcutta Jaa. t,not to meet alone in a secluled lAaayiioiiToftbedayornight. Perhapswearemis-and a most tremend- ous smash into the American's ribs, wnich souiiJed all over ttie meadow as if a box had been smasDed In. HAINA.N now went at Satxes most terribly and suc- riDs s.'iowcd ;iK<; inose of a gieyhotind, save wliere in a minute after, however. llEE.iAS came n^> tryingsignals 4,7,9, 3,di^tg. pennant,fromBacaria*graferlike. uiai.-es ol titine beneutu the Ihiii covering of siiiublow with hisIn t!iemouth,takaa, and If we are we ask pardonIMak we are. Tbe walls were decorated with pc - tores representing Ban in the various ep>cl)>j of hi^seemed not an ounce othanedyaswehlet Ictriorseswed bnylspowerlur thews and saindeaisit,-bat ue don'tiqerefiesn.l'j<-:g, sinewyarms,fitsMm bard against the stake, witnli baat of the champion. Then there ware pictures of three feet of where I stood, and here the fight wouldup cheat;* b* lauw^bh,icbhutconvleytetdonrlemceiwviothface,tawny Come. Heehas, b9y.sltiun te tieiaother famous pugilists with whom Bsn fought for tlie have been enned if the English had not rushed in andbelt,BsssiooandtbeTiptonSlander, intuisroomtkcre were two waiters, whom Ecgens Sut:, who In- oy the time HxuAN would have finished the round, ven;ed CiK-urinciir. Ltver dreamt of. Tneir mugs if let alone, Siyiits coilia not tiave como to ti-ne. Tneforce of his own blow.there was also a handsoaie marbiehimself reeling back from thetlie most lormicabie of tlie tribe ot giatfiators wno There was a short pause, during wnich Toa, as Tell how the hours of battle flew.'have i:ver enieied the arena. Every movement' usual, scanned curiously the effect of his hitting, and And men aud maids and matrons, too.:I actly 'Jie most {e^ofi table w»; of spending an evening wildest confusion reigned, and it was evident to dieIwith naval Wl;,D—Sujtei..S. Itt>st tken we ware going to see the great mill on tbe1 'IAnt! fow's andWhat ciowds would visit tbe .?tf at " \\'h*t !s it 1"who arecywa,tiue. As the men;Saliva.gunrded for days thehaddtciarlng that he would not prealde where he coijldstuaneu. He reipiircJ uiuca care from Ills secondshe when be did so it at came up again, tiioushto thlc ofrttalgiithipsWindIreah,£. Clear. Spit.who liad iiiterfered, ordered him to desist acting as /*sy would siever supply a tain far E;;ch a purpose. Kefeicc, but this took place before the ring was4atw n&«V Une, woich announce: 1 1 , theHis aotagonistViBt it,broken |n.of the men was nu<vand tne disadvantages uuuer wliich Saiibs labjrcdAnstralia—Swed-Ibr Loa*puillc tLit waaAnown all over London, last night, thatbody,length,andgep: movmgi|;Of fight;A sort of general grinding day—" was to coucdug. 'The ticfcets tor tbe exeursion were put on sale place, it niub( be recollected that it was Saybbs*inor<* iban ever raanlfss',in toy quaint phrase, Oh, nEE^A», buy,deviltopay,Shanghai•'•tbe OfsatilataraatlaoalJan. C. lat. 10 3Eimply that theXonpa^ mbiah fniniibed the train«as tbe iiouth-W«slerii, aad Ikat theiefcre the hold-eta mast be .af^tbe LoadOB Bridge station forthe ^Utt. 0[obeyed^ring uhippedmart,and sediccdn Duobt.sa of Lancaster—Br-wasbio*- on tne moiiin, ul,iiiuii. Both seemeo stllu: iti:irk.< of ^ islb.e alt over punishment lliieaan,bofcoone, the poiDt atone taew exeept the conductorsli^litof iimscle.• condi'i.in's"oifthismorn-doD,Beaver—brig, hence for Bavaanab, AprU 21. off Cap*Hatt':ras.frii-r;iis, the Ecgllsh, who Droke up the ring, land all sibo wlihsd coold buy tbem. They announced rcnuurcd >hc termination of tbe fight irapossibie.snuue and lull in Lis brightwith & fearful knocked bl^w,aatvaAiuapla«0aintlie afternoonandevening,andso as almost t j bun-lsmiled cBslly as he ventured 1:; rea::ri of tliii. ircnii..- ai'era few ovctianges, wiin tlic suite lesult, ett»pt T.'eie walks a certain Champ'on King,wbieh the trainail.5 first blood fiom Heenan. amid shouts ol cungrat-Sayurs^•u!declared that they never sawTlionmightyKing,thy strength thy crown-age,thus lar coniluctcd perfeciiy fairly on both sides. Tnere.' " .---.-.- .- -;"time on titixer side, and both men were yet firm onawas not the slightest show of atheir pegs and capable of fighting half as long aga'n.Behold,bardlingpermitHsEKAH had the most marks, because he wasspotIyoung, his flesh^w as colt, and whenever Satus touched hisandaleiereetorbothThe deeds tliat thou hast donebad a heart somewhere under his mountain of mus- nodd le It swelled out like a puff ball. But of tbe two Hebhab to snip to the waist, it seemed *diunken proceededchance, and all hi.s fire was directed at IIbcttan's re-C. Oanean chAiged aigcals with a irutch ship, abuwing Maryattalraia of t-lisplace detemiincu to tliiow all liis force into a fewniaiiiing eye.beinggjimethirdboned to Am«ter<'am.47dRy3 out. >prit 4, at9p. M.»40 Ion,27 alat miles K., lSw..aD.^Ee snip Iwaad 8.,suptostd brr name to be Margiret iialhou^ie. April 21,. exchanged signals with bark Venus, steering S. btSmbplptio'aaRro.beJrvtnki&nsW.ilMlainaialsa. IP'Sascsae,d. wAintjhiesrugJarn.aInBd,Cape of Gcod Bope Feb. ». Was off th> OwM IS da , witn heavy S. W. gales. Paaseo St. Helena MarAlX BudlliibtwindsdowntheChinafea. Been*dvK.sT Haiteras. with heavy N. and N. W. gales. Tbok pUst fri>m boat J. 11. ^onea. No. 15.Bark Glenwood.lilover, St. Jago. Cab*. April IS.wftli kUK-'^r to Rivera A: Bali. Sid. in oo. with U. Mereditk* for .Vew-York., Bark Aeror.-.ut, Sherman, Barbados April B, witk SB*toJ.M.SmilbkCo. LeftdoAxd.vessels. gaBrarkeutine Acorew Mandusen, (ol PblladelpUa.)Tbompecn.CardenasApril18, withsugartoSid iu CO. with brig OUnoa and scbr. C N. Be«g|ata, Itar Philadelphia.Brig Conmnnwealtb, (Br..) Hllts. GaayaBllla, P. B., Aprils, with snear to D,B.De WoUL L^asAai. Tss- seia.Brig Queen Esther, (Br.,) Merrian, Paraboro, N. 8.,Uds wi^b plaster to master. ,'Schr. North State. Hamilton, Prorincetown i da., with fiab to naster.Srhr. R. H. Buntley. Eammond, Baltimare S ds., witb coal.conciuuing luuitds wliich siiould fii^tsii ^AYxas. ceeded in gcaing his head into chancery. In this pu-ibroken up the ring. Savers was biacK In the face, andsiiuwed the sinews and muscles working lise U.ne both went at it again, each exchanging heavy blowsmachineiy beuealh tii-ir thin, fine covering, and till bctn were covered with blood—especially tieevery gesture was made witn tnat natural grace aul Benecla Boy, who in the end rallied aud hit out Say, dlu's! thou give his ribs a "hug," l.eeuom which aiwa>« seem 10 beluirg tu me hignest lirceijj ki ricking Sayxbs down wi a an awiul And siri.ke him squaicly on the mug,";IsiUun, and that tbey were right in interferingout the factistbutliiiKASwasonlytryingtothrowiimi,andin do:j.e till;: liis g'unt arm was stopping the circulat-.ou in Sayses' jugtuars. lie would tiave got him Oo-.vawhich he held Satebb' head ag.iln a long time in chancery. Each time .Satebs was much too slOA- to the scratch, and it was evident to everybody Uiat uieI'jsWuhrpernisleuluiioewser.e could hope toarceomaed-d1ed*itheIn disadvantagesm at all.ctoairjosieio'l, hwiesraentaflimousitst.natBuortahl wehreenvceroympsalroewdtowittnheFor seeking of lAct^ things to ken—doia tba course of the evoning's ramble aiong thetaacta of tbe bruisers and the Ehouider-hitterAof Lon- rest of the fight was Hemaii's. Each time, too. the ligiii 01 the sun fulloBwnew, and a little preparatory hardening of the most stupid looker-on that Heedan was not tu be al- tated tne boxers in these respects. I'lieir wtto^e s.-s- otiier Ibeasts 7eonsaiaoce would not be out of place. Moreover, lowedLondtDisalwa^a^mystery oneneverlearnsit13 ;words—and coiifitai-i Ube ot tlie sponge bail and roug.i s-jv.--biawny breast:.'^hip i?ark^*;IenwCfKj,ise boi om;n-i metier howels. \Vitii it.cse uris any i:i*n Cin tr-ltn ,iheni be call go nutiiing. 11eena-i*s skiii >es'.ertiay lies.-od, an-i bad not tne icasi chanceNow, flEEVAN. 01V, Ill teli thee what"! do:Prideof the Sea. Mftczarillo.tt» re a aiosaisc city.still otheri': clod-uif w.LaealwajsTuesday AfUmoon, AprU 17, ie«0.Some persons, according to the: actoat*<i by a mismiien Idea ofone have miiny may seen,wi::;wjta.-, tve have said, fair and wuilc as ni.irj'r^ - his p«iwer-i'i iiiitagonisi. Ag-iiii meie•Nye,Steaasblpai race for Havre: Vigo, (Br.,) «ir LlTss-Norfolk. Isr *••.; oolusBlna,Montieells, tarphases in thelifeof thisw,is aiittla—to gain the money he had honestly won.At the end of these three rounds llEB7«Aff again came to lime, and stood in the middle of tne ring waiting for ids man, anxious to finish the fight, but Sateed (lid not come to time. After wai'ing naif a minute b«y»na the call, and Sayebs still remaining seated, the Americans yelled triumph, and took away their man. Bat when they looked for the Referee,lein oi truuiing m-dy be siinaiied up in two or O.i'esgot down laigo.ing..-a-t:t-riiMicli tiie' suit a>' bittuig;1!';bytheirHe had wididrawn at ins rbuiiU in which Heehaii bad held SAtias so long inf'imit.g t^ou^i.ul, w'ili lus lace to the sim, see-ueddazziedMie ercfio lou^ a,-ui ut tne Uciilcia Boy came in, :iaahe was not be;Jfcricu:/ !he I'oUi-f icerenot down, ti!: It ir« eviiltid thatnor tkebrokenof theaalf. trains railwayproceeds, aad for tills tbay engafed nothing had urcuri i, *hUe S.iyciu; w^s I-to close as as irre.meotablvone llemAAtsbis-tfaegsaelvet; to find a stUi for the and to place fight,supo:.r;ed .L-awn on<;. I'.eboth ^.o!b<r with Sui'ls uown, .* Her a little rest,some lica vvTjoiiy blows, and got d jwn eisily.neura. ilts frienj.> :.)ioulcd to himof tbe In tud fiatsh SAYitas ri>>gtogou-*»-' ciu:ious, lolUiethe looks of running In-.-) l*AV£3s, who, dI'Vays cool and wary, never naw^re v :ifAir each t.il.*.:gpayvaeiecM. For lU sumtti.y agsia .-pa 'red and cli-sEa.v.ticn Savers 9ave as uiverair/ailc'osingwitn ^im, as the latter could nowfain ess .-lows he to bis foesIOliTl*lat 23 50, Ion. 83 27.pasBSd Aa"r-B^Y, •ali^amagesthatiii(ght be done to the property e( $15 eacn they agreed toI'rC'Uibyore h:ina and '^id notNoHe "*arry paiaengerslo ito thea*ri»gIhemhatkagaintoLondonfi^>,t mon'ho'r.i.:re..rejie.-.c-lwas ii:s-anil. a-,j:f.Jd,lms ser f.ice, and rincrdXtqrAtiaX to order in tbe Btreet,.for ine kerp-Lavender, ftaaa AlM«iiig^^Aidl(,br!c Sea Hob, fcr Kk^Tisalt.fight, faralsh Oio place, andi'A'iiBridge. ^'"^ketueafairasselect aepos^ble.for altho.;«h P,.,li-.nie:.ttlid not adjourn «ipr«ily,l»was weu known mat thit respectable body T.oold *• tagely represented on the occasloa,"" No sparring,' stopping."..-'»*^»;*»*'"«"•'"".\giin -Jisy Em-h sccmeo then to knnw iiis wi'stciianoe Several rotinuil were a a»ay.••countering," then floors" bis menI'llnatoo—I9wediah brig, «f ds. oat, 1hnklklsS.Sr««e.| no^ fttH^ FauboargSt, Anlolneisaa arisiJcracy com.iMtedtaa, A|B|| U, Inig Foster.>#toit.XKii-fVA (hrce ibfsjMMatoiptatwa wesv;- lb) bstisB, boy :- >•foundagaoi pHiiiicrs, soldiers, a>:n even clergymen were presciu S^AVEaS was Knoi..ed down and apparently haltaway iiom the place by his .seconds. Mr. Dowu»o ilccijre.5 the tj.ittlK abets aie to he cancelled, and if till.long P=iriswas :.lb. Jm;o.I vitltcd iUaiAB last evening and .ound bun moi^t t>eyTMd two thouaand. comfortable and in eicclient spiriti. He is anu >us)Just take it from bis Or take his " pelt"Bn*, Heekas, boy,WaahingtoD,a con-The Englishmen all so grit a man" for hiscopper ore, wool, kcattacking, preservingto J. Randall k Co. Crossed tfca ktjuator April 7. Had light winds tbe entire psssape. Hsrih 'i^. lat. It, ion, 28 10, excbangsd signals vitb Br.ship Nos. 2, 8, 9. 6 3d diatg. pernanLBaik Rotterdaa Msrek Inuistrie, (Br^m.,) Hllcken,11,withnd^e,andaopassengeratomaster. ApiUas.off.been brokta lu,not see what was taking place. The Police also, nists lacechancery, and in which the ringThere was a minute's pause after t..e fiottl shiiRiti,^ hanus, when ibe secontis retired and left tiie aiita^O'HIGHLJiNriS, April 2», sunaet.—Two brigs eatsM* the Bar. TTinrt K,. fresh. Wea'jier dear..-iA.Miy HOOK. April 19, annaet -Ship Da-vM BrewB» 2, and 3 barka unknown, are at anobor at B. W.Under any circumstances, however good IVI r. DotrtLiG's excuse may have been for leaving tUeSAYEBsainioat asbad a nlow lu return, till they bo.h clofto. when Saycae bad all the best ot It, and, for the liiEi ami only time, liuew Hessa!) heavily.Ii I ' ',';Baakeaadbe.ship,foul" during all tbtsvey eacnot tbe otner. Tnere was a toss forwas a1I,verylousrint, and aseicaSayeisqtiiteWithPerhaps you know tbe wlh'htHe's .|ueeily built, lank-jllfil April 16, lat.15. Ion. 74 44. abip.aCSat/ersshowiog lus temper at thewere lalp iaughiag.andllr.B^Ai; is i>|;iined furdote tiiwai d Payees and his secrmds. But after >vhatjirecede;', mi: leuotr will know bow to excuse his mo-kvoWed the other w lib more or lessce.taerafter these treiAendous•-a nc up fresh, and shuAe^ n:'i half thefor Liverpool. March 7. Ut. 44 li" 8., Ion.li^iii with as much as if acUvr.ymuchthe tpeed ot ihough!, ipjied and lookei at e i: !ieye•j , 'ID.^rnir? Bosicn, no Kn.2Ion, 74—by pilot-boat Ebbfor aBut live BeniciaiJoy is :nc ChAra;>icn of tr.-^ \v ir'.:M.'J IK'.FJ--. From Anotber Correspondoct.iiii'.naiefiiirv spongeu bodyi,|.>n'U,. P>eric«a—Br. lortuip, Bonbay, ins sliastl"Bail MswbThe itcannottakeplaceh:s aii.loi\ ijij i.„,iihw I'l a liltlecoM w-iiier.W7^^'^°- '.^U);f,«rj giving blows,v-vry lug, wrPMngslujuider-bltierturn a^.c^.'«iUusktaleBBsoBalUulisiasadnfnammtmtm,. -*i,-*"'^*^ P.'R.,A»rll-« sair. Pbebe. Manaw, for?>e«-TotklBSds.;ths»cbr. Mec::BSld. utbiDsbrar- Areolbo, 10 toad (Mtibt, to retain ajul lo»l *>r BaSI- moye-LoBnini, Wednesiiay,t.u;; j:'.i., jDse roii-'t'-v.»i,s.f,.r oui' i disiai .e, and apparantly as If to pa; opo hethn-w th~ Champiou e»si;v,ti:i iu boto the Be oic bis tiony bunch of fives"is;but seemg-^.ttiagNoat ease aa hequite again approached the Americaaback Irojp the tremendounneltng blowi wUea were!gentlemenputa Agaw they began, and after a few feints Hbeha* his light, held bis opponent bent down, as if he;evei y movement a dangerous customer, andtry, and the EngUsbmen wke bad bat thttr all ea Sat-.m\imm^^^In expected,jumping buk ere the blow laaohad, aad ttasxas,ons A^gered gentry while g^tftng through It.thougbt of giviag ttran to charge, for everybadyk«wbeforehact)whattolookfor,andlefttheir controversiesinthepaners. Mr.GioaoiWnxaawill face. keep withtbeglareofthesuntaswetl-aobifcatifawhich were Aawrteaaa lllflbn tells-J. B. BtJ-stetabiof the Americans wiUmeeting taka place la lun-Irl.J.A B. alway* dealtoa tbe ryes, at ttdi tlaie several »> Alsxii~don to-night, and yon may expect to lea soeasla hu own coiner, who was very catelul not to leave tt|the crowd wnlco aaa I>r. R. TIBZI-S^VEN B01I5DS FOrGBT. noBey aad watcbas at heme. Tney enW expected demsad the Belt for Haiaav, aad wlU (anilab testl- be again pieeented aa of wblco tbe Benicia now amonuted to some 3,000, kept loem ladr,BattsK,Courl-dress at a•on to the Borklng track, and here we frightened a race of brawny and muscular fellows,—men who struck Sayebs to tbe with a niow. lunitell than li a muuLtain was on bim. At last be got" isean and figfaUsg,but of okl inand whoground very heavyTbe effect of these repeated blows seemed almoatbisleltaim free, alid gave Hebkah two ttreatlfalblow s on the face, covering them boih with the blood ,but IIieeah, without relaxing bis holu, turiied himself MissJcaBettOols.J.Baalr. TetsI,vie with tbe of trainingathlttaon the than on Sayebs, Toe latter spet-tatoracoronation,has beensucceeded by meniit to him. Satebs tMiuld no more fnse dashed out his left, and tor tlie fourth time fairly s'jangleandVhe'sn^temeilt of the week in liondon, I need and departure at each station was a matter of aaton- ance, at first there was no lack of Rjyal patron- backed to win, and was cheerd and encouraged to then leunt on it with au bis force. Svtaas rapidlyImtnenseIkBidlT MA loo, to ths (ra«t4aterutlonri "lU'^tw- Ishmentto the eifficlals. But our conductor knew age for tiie new race of champions. In Baouearoa's the utmost. Both men were duly wiped down, and tBturanieidgiebdlaocnk tbme siphoet bruatcet,hatantbde wrouulelsdoflitavhe beenseemed,infact,tobe'huntingaplace,andourpowersarrivalwe passed the Brighton trackMARINE. IWTELU jrBW-TOBK....SATnBDAT. Aisfl H^teriousteims. Fromthisrapidand, of course, that country w^as America. There the next round.such blows that he In turn was hailed staiigering;downfall it has been just now for a time arrested by the first attempt to carry off tbe Champion's belt into anotber country,-;is so disguising the fact that this, challenge has led to an amount of attention being bestowed upon tne prizenot a decided lavorite, there at least seemed nothing ana Hxesah was so blind In the last round ht could to choose betwee- the two. All the rounds had been not see Sayers, but hit hit unsuspecting second a tre-; J. Clark. Seail. yemaaidiaa,^^ Brant k Blaabt; lao, <}ranaer, JaeksunTilla. 0. B.Dr. Kaae. Ryder, JacksonvlUe, B. P. Baiak kT-D. Vaa-ofrigidity endur-greatertried to treat them lightly, but around tne ring a verydltleientopinionwasentertained,andHsaivAifwas soub10gethisantagonisr'Bneckovertberope,andand, much aadisliked the idea of two fine men Icng cautiously fought,ring which it has never received beforehad been fatigue, and after loi.g sparring, in the seventh en-;decent peoplemeeting to beat.eachotberbalf todeath, it wasnever'was to be beaten. It might i>e the American. There is no douot that Sayxes had the good wishes of nine-tenths of the 'community. There seemed something almost patri-mtndovs btov inSaybbs, though much blown and distressed, walkingwhichsent the blood pouring down over his broad Chest, and « was almost unrecognizable as a human being, soseemedtomakebisThese few, however, made no mean noise, you may Saybbs got under his guard, closed, auu, after giving parently, as ever, thanks to bis perfect training, and, ampton April IS, with aidae. andYMSsengerB toD. Tat^ .tat. 'nMbetMog'DfBeeabold large sums of this es- be sure. HsisAa threw^ up a penny, won the comet, as being 'half horse, half alligator, and a bit of iljm some heavy body-blows, both fell, Saysbs under, afier iravingtbe field of t>attle, be ran as nimbly as rence. Arr. cB tbe Battery at J:U> A 2. Tbssatfsrbaat>een hisiBiaie* 1 at from three to five hundred thousand dol- bad butfifteeu or twenty voices against two thousand. encounter a brawny giant, who describes hioiself Hbctiah paused tor a moment, and men darted in, t)^t and neck- Yet he was still as strong on his legs, ap- Steamabip YanderbUt. Le Fevre. .Havre and Sovth-Tke Tliitto the Tarloas^endeivous of the Fancy 'iMt Bi .gkt wa»noTel aiid carious. The pliyslognomywith 4a- blinciog fnov sprioalac ap, -for such a lot of broken mugs, kUte led noses and crooked eyes I never saw before. in"tte Del*." as the Chaniijion of England, and in vir-again stepping into the ring. In stopping one of Hbb-At p&Bsed Br. EteaiBBbip Perata in lat 41 SO. lea-MSB^ any moment~1kep>syalogxuuQles,toown notes. I stood next the ring. I saw the fight years to accept ail challenges, no matter Irom whom. tbe Iwnes of his right arm was broken. Certain it is struck h^ almost senselesssmiling, and in good hum1 heiewith send you the ."official report of the fight'westerly winds,atroied the provpect^of a brilliant trip, besides nsciaa ins tie poaiiblirty rf landing at Btdnlgbt ImpeHaaa'otic in its way for a man of bis light weigbt tohugedreaofullypunishmentabodtthe face.ABTtTWAawhile lie retamsHebhab's part, and, in spite of the iminense natural auvaniagea of ms challenger, Sayebs was bound atkan's tremenduoustue of Ills office,It,supposedTms came from America on challenge accordinglyswollen, and soless that he fconld only manage to support ii across hiscbtA From this time, tneie'ore, Sayebs fought;untned lu IPs preventSteamerwMfa Isi. t»taking place.spite of all precautions, a special train was ni'ed,smiling,Boston. F. Perkins.Sellew, FbBadelptaU,which started Irom London-bridge at 4 A. M day ojorning.Id also Hbesah, though the featuresSayebs, who one arm, should have so long contended. Willi success, with such a formidable antagonist, ancl that IIebrah should have borne Ms terrific punish- ment without hisSteamer Penguin, Williams, Provldsnee, wUb mdaa. t» Ii:iac Udell.hardly coniainiiigpersons,lightpushedwhich sent himor towas hard to say whether your compagnondevoya^ was tures. Willie Saybbs, as usual, pried m with a (Eng- or w as not the redoubtable Sayebs or HEE.tAB him- curious lock to see what mischief he had done. lishmen present were yelling furiously for Savms, an seif. All along the line ponce were posted, with The blow, however, though dreadful to look at old fighter, while ch<ifiing Hukaji, a young ana inex- mourned p:itrols, at regular instances; but the train seemed to h^ve no effect on the strength of the gaunt one. turned off at ileigate, aul after a long run came out Iron lis-iie of the American, who was qoicliiy out,onlargely Satsss,and the whole two thousandtea, which started a leakIter sic ce; tisrned away fbretopsailyard, bead Bases.,periencedagteeefal* laaa, wlio wu raiolclnr over a new co. Wmie nothing could be more admirable than the in tbe Fainboioiign station, close lu Aldeishoct. lu and after some siglit sparring again launched forth fight again, but nothing authentic has transpired, of everyibicg and completely waterlogged. Aprn.l^BBdnim he hadioxt found for his popa'er enter! un.anuskillofTomSatxbsfromthean instant a>ier, all were out in the fields, foliowiug his aud striking Sayebs on the nose powerfularm,Cape May brcg. W. by K,, distant 3S miles, took yM* frumhostCbri-tianBergh,^o.16. April38,VallssL ofSandyHook,wsatakenintowbyateastaaUaka^ writer. The C. hia b« n 6 da. K. ot Hatteias. wttk heavy K.ti.E. and S.H.W. ga:ea moat o( tbs oaas. bhip Hock Light, (of Boston.) Croveil, TTlisispsa Ibii 11, Kith eiiki. £c., to order. Jan. 74. passed Masoa diacbargcd pilot. Feb. 4, passed one tbe Straits d IBCBtaatSt.James'Hall. TheAmeilonswerelioas totbeendofthe ningfcl cd Mmdepor.iuentbegin- the men who with the ropes ana stakes lu.l '.ae way witn a blow that was heard all over tbe meadow, he and there has1•vaiywhere- we went, for instead of a^lruadred and from tbe end ol the first round to the close, Hsckan country. There seemed a constanl sutti-.e-siini «'llikeanox. ThisroundlasteJ"hd tt e men .--eenied so cistressed a* i*s close tnat Ifty, they de not number more than Ulteen or twenty shuued himself to DC tile superior nidu, as welt in iloiii?te,lict fi'.'.s aiiU iilU'Ues, wbicn ^ere crossed a'l ia^C eaili iiad lo be carried to ids corner. The seconds more or less succes^tuljy, unt:i a tj-ihn: ujrrjw bantl much to co with sponglfg their faces and stream, or very broad muddy ditch (tne Biackwater.j washing over the m.irks of their wounds, though some uhich divides Surrey from Haiopsbiie, brought all to of HiEMAit'3 seemed loo deep t3 lie metaled wdtn in a fuii M-jp. A lew venturesome spirits esiiyed to this way. Time was loudly called by the umpires,all told. endurance as inWepaid a visit to the establishment of Bin Cau^tt- never knocked down once, while he sent Satzss towka waa in the United States in 1843, and who was he grhFs fairly about twenty times. In all thebd. in, showing letter P in her private signsL Mank T,strengtiifight,pretend!.•)minutes,terested.of blow and Bkill. He wasvaiitd with every rtmnd. aace than coold basebaeB owiaa to kU tksni were cbeeis from tbeskUlweakemng ball Its force. He was smlUa«,aBdeaaa>edc^owtatalB, retorwd by tbexiurilak wUcaevcr their CkamploB sent hu huxemaoaaattwanty In order to Sayebsbis This seemed to perolex SsTEas much, andIteentn came the scent, and d.d Terfc upinotnoihe but iheirbestto lidte.lair.ti^^S: ihrfr coats on their backs. U BMny to prove be Is ent itled to It Of eas tiihig yoor Boy instantly avaUed Umaell, aad wrllb one blow inshing on the ropes, sbouung and cneering the btU. His. T. a. W. c-afterwards to fipd 1« so large an Kaders may be certain—HaaiiA«>s rights w4I be prop- dashed SayeiS to tbe ground. Again there were tre- combaiants to tbe utmost. Daring ail this Bew-Tork CSf^p^.i.rTwe »r»lii», of slwut thirty-five cars ea<*. werelonn filleo uis and at half-past lour we were oft Day THE ENGLISH STORY OF THE BATTLE. HiBNA> being Klmus; as much In f"avor as tbe Cha.u- moie aad more blind. II appeared all a cn^n'je 1 riurc Iff ,James ebB. WUsoB, laC«.yB,aling,Vwas jast dawning, lor the nights are already Aort inProm tht Imtdon Ttmti, April 18.Time was wbeu the af Ohamplonshiii Englandwas Heehae advanced to the centre of the ring, and waited tenfeiees or Uxbsaii remain slgbtless,;I":'' "",•,. ",»tie PeSl, J. 8. SUlnr }THB fifiOUItDS. hit high lettude, and the morningwas as beiuufdl ever sees. The two combataulalast he was backed by the Duke of Coiux^ Bayabb' head and face, which were now smeared ringprize ^ht1A»D, who almost acted as his second, and few greatwhere we tmiB*Tiw. €(ooBdtU*^axcltsmeat were^lng—wu-Be Batka, Iks rrenoli hnutM, ekeap sUks and Eastern with the South Western routes. We pawed ireariy always seconded Gully, until that champion Shouts now went round tbe ring that Sayebs hap sttoriainigtleeri"e.re,Twhheicpohlitcheonseowpremsaednet asedemterdmined effdoert- dMlrticata,iBl.l aB COot.;omMwoenltliekeUCo,.:Saygoer,ktNoewnr,toPnUrulaTkA.lsMzara-England, yon know, is now a areatnet-work ofheavily buinijed, and both tbe called held close between cold to keep gencies, umpiressimultaneously;e for what would otberwl;^ be fatalwith bloodaud bruised and was provn contin-at a kMelit TheVatoatMiSitkat lut ]oT««r oneline joining, liy- a cross-country route, the South tjEOBOE III. were not present Sir Toomas ApaaacE sallow hue. lell heavliv to tbe ground, Sayebs nearly naifI to the Hitijeet, tbat 'Iat which one or more of the sons ofand both menonce,equally leimined to prevent, ana tbe ropcB of the rliig having been cut the enclosure Itself was inundated a^wta—fUnnj, Vr. iri—Ui aad Ua iBterpellatlaiu, <«ll-(l*«V)aecIiitka fsUle thoagbt to tbe Yaakee, Wiaaia. i»t»i«ei"^'--t'"^'«' boxer. Ton Sirzu. .-itBdT«tUccala KarartTbe otberwlse In a covatr;tbe famous caaipof Aldershott, crossed tbe Southanp-: 8.railways, wllboat any figure of speech—and arrivedplacetoo Railway, aad pulled up at en out-orthe-w»y piece Ui the Besiagstoke division of the countytune,sat in tbe housfe of Comm-~-ns as member forSop.: ColambU, Berry, Cbarlssub Bvtori, Tlle»ton fe Co.: Hauntbattles tookretired from the ring, and having realized a large for-pressed sponges lu cut tbe This wasdone at down tbe contusions, which had now altered iiis deep rope.tost, and indeed the he vbiardturuelcleyiavlerdeawdays so mucb more seveipeutnuiasnhtmheanttbe-lolk, Lnclam h. Hclnekenrla, N, Y. 8. Col. Groatontir. Belaer. SSi-woik. Satebs now letdashed and in return a worse blow having won,nomost formidable blow of HxanAn'son blsri^btarm,seemed to smash bis nose, and almost knocked Has-as At conqueror.every oppoitunityjitied hn^b by opei,ing tbe hand and restingkep'.Nevertlieless, in chest or ribs. He, however, advancedof a sojourned sine die, andSteamer Isaac Odell.of lengtn, what be was colng. Sayebs, nt^witastandingof hiscan another tcarlul blDw,back to have the blood wiped from his gashed fe t-Sayebs was much Who courage others, inasmuch as most contrived to li^ht ioi-ger coming up. though he seemed almost fresharin the very miucle of the water, and those who did of Ihe but not nearly so strong. As soon aafeet square, was foimed, Satbes stepped uito it, andwas cueered tteinendi'Usly. IIesnan, wno followed, nil the of this ,i„.o.u. bTMa,r~te.r beints'-iippcditie.'c lor tbe lirsi ume met, wainily snooknands,wnuard then stepped bock to take a long a.idcareful.sur-and was laughed at by some of Hbbnan's anpporters. An imprudent ebullition,its many stripes, tions of "the Governor," when engaged in tiie mtniy btforo lie was totally suffocated, and tht fight wjnld nis aril,;; pi>wer ul. and It is onl> in ti<e st,".>^ mu^- IUenah presented an awful sight. H-.S face was In wiiat Uiy cralt call " stunning wipes, 'aelvea showing two French artists the favoriteat/uut li.e ie«-t eigni;And did'st thoupiyWhat ' the Governor" ciuld noth.tve teitutnaied by bATEas not coiuiug to tiiue.Aftii ihis there were three rounds fought, in all ofI'ITill Thomas saw its Eh, Hlexa!!, boy 1art of self- defense..4* in the glailous art could not be done, and the satei-stars,—posi-'Sayk ui, a.s I'ark as tiiai ot a .uid lac •aiiij .s,iyilps ai last a lieawy Ii'oa on got1You'te i.-nmetl the Lionboat £trafan- leant-siiongiy to the opinion that tbe former w-vs loo delU'uie, and would bruise too iniicb— and liiis" inu'atto;CbaiUiUjie prion,The Co.iinpion of the BlueHe wears a belt ;— So, as your fame enjoins.to face at lati.selves into pofiiioo— the right hand oeid a'^ioss t>!eat !1eb:«ai« and dealt him a bliw in the tacs I fear i.n« day there'll be a "mill," Whencbampionsailwillgettheirfill•ntiua van'-eii.ir lat. 28 36 S.. Ion. 11 SSIj-paringtliii-attiiii'BnaJdonehis right eyeAS;>i or can be,thing ma*ieys felt;date,la:.3),JfyB>iDe i.i..r arr: t,fheety and',1Unl'ed States—wbaBagX^ka^ Wtotjfut,;t( ttf^r;vtith ajest singlepassIcomers, and with his back to the>ArrtTe«...K witb Bdse^su^lbrfluoushimantag was qui-ker, and tae ftui^e, miis-spariioe Utxytwit-i suc.-e.-:? more or lees'•il 8.. Ion. so 40.ibougacd Uekets would be aoid.,b«t tbs ikladld not reach•fihcP. B, At all of them severaladut, and withj,^r»outInailtlwlrglory,andaochamoajTtiit Thelingwasbrokenintobvapeekatthieves,whomostintohisowncorner-Tnereweregre^^tcbetsrsat kf<phlsantagon!:<tInthesun.—.ocosewit^kUaletm)sugaasttk»tyotiisavastrifs.at lust he l-rtej lorwatlCreateisiteraaBt prevailed last evening umnA the te flg(:t Say»«b as sooa asp«8iU>ie, if he is nat satts- wliMta .-enr him rre'iiie. Toa, however, as if to snow g«nerally managed Inmost of tiie siin.::>le3 lo givetickai fcfllMB, and tbe favorite rea.j!ts of .i,ueaors fled with the po'';tm-i, werereaott The indignation of Cie Amerlcar-s here, and in ISset a large ponioa of the British public, is loudly aad rsbsBMSitly azpiesied.it •Witb sue a 'ureeeotmUl' in becameoneofthemostit.i<ns9and AeoHissofiraiBlngtogotbroogtathe r.tf : ni.amp.on insyui'd2IJ1ac.i '-id Sayebs was knocked ott lO'Uds,You'll surely "go to grass." Now, IlcBSAH, boy,went b-^kwarJs and:IlelesaforNew-BedlbTd.Ai ^ lalhe,too,men:his chest is not oroaa, nor are ri^hi. Bolt] rn'^iinow seemed much distrehsed, andi[craves inasmuch as Sayebs seemed stung by tne taunts in a totoprofit itnpi"casantfrom Lost Edwin Ito. I^ Forreat,blood from his nion'li,Before whose the Lion went mightdown. wnicli llEAHAK won, and chose that in wnlcu he would of the Americans, and again springing in, gave A ya^an thy praise, rhyme thy renown.James. .SoB>g«. Aprilhave ibesun, leavingInhlslAce, Linplits lot each man were api>oit>ted, tremendous one in tne mouth. Hbehan seemed stag- Quick tell thy friends, that all may share thy .toy..Steamabip Montgomery, Berry Savannah,nigbest ground,fol-ExsiciA Man—who hence dare call thee Bot ?—Satehs toewhere the was full glarejand paaaengeis to B. B. CTomweil k Co.Steamship Jamestown, Skinner, Richisoad, k6.,witkmdse.andpassengerstoLodlamkHetnekaa. _;;Sieamer Uaprey Isaac Odell.Reoney, Ptondence, <rm b1m> ••,lowing it up with anotherand these pieiitntnaries over, Lgcied by these fearful vis'.uttons, and reeledllk'^aColumbia comes withwas »hut, and all :^Axaaa' hope was to shut appeaii«i't-'e whicii he tneu presented, in height he W'liilfi h.-ive ended there and then. As it was, how- To bind thy brows, to kiss thy battered face,man, leavingda. Bza invited us to his t>est room up stairs, and HxsKAH had yet much the m-jst figot in him. One of impossible to restrain a murmur et admiration at the S.^YEBs bad nad the u&e of his right arm the fi^btFor:Stand up and answer didst thou thenBeard England's Lion in bis den.And dare him in bis prideAtd did'st thou fight bim forty bouts,they appearedleft:a " course ofwas fiuiii his and it was fortunate indeed for hlra side,in tniii. The cuniiest Det,\ecn incthen Mill more marked Ulan before. EiAYBi,s is only tliat ilsEHAK himself inakes very little use of h:sstriugie,Hee>as's itsf:.eve, lue only one with wnich he could now see. receiving ia return a blow in tile cfiosc. whenthe spdctitn.-s sat he iii,iu.:;^-t! tv get tJown. Boin wc-c vc^y slow indistant, in antbitw^s beard all over the field.geni.v out as if to f(5el its way. The immense differ- seciTjed nothing loth to close for all this, and gavethe kit advanced atence between the height, weignt, strength, and lengthof armBVi]*ared to many lo be too much for hlui. Tne aun In a minute both, though distressed, were at ittheWi'.b heavy weights and light.19 ds frosa Ion. IM) 03 E.Liui >tt ;The leinuquickI mean- iwed a:id lean.,i,rdtiaTEaa seemed i-oo. anu cjuri-J-ij'. a-rl S tss3.'if across tic ring. Another roun.l ended, Wlihfu thelace,mt;oruiar aim, Bori.seemeaduui <'.autiu.is.a:>alD,ll«:E:«A:r,was eien hatdcrhit,was passsd C P, Carvonr-ecbr,, of Trennnt, bd S.,wssritaal-cuuid At lasi Save&swhich liea Without signagilityuaugh; ic.u.ned hcai:i>, draw-<osay,ro'mds,^or suile-^. In all the clones llEsntii s immense strecgtb ,ire> ailed,his like lialiinii^g, and neilt Saibbs a D!o*- In the mou'h leg*. S'lU he came Lp gaily, th>iug'i cirefuUy, 'tnd',(i-.-. tiiilc be cared .'or it, at ones venvirej close to one or more OI bis h-'-.v'es: blows oa H.^eiasi's 'efct.)r*i.-dJ Three uaica ae hi? f. tiar-siJcij::.i:« into cor-toiti jPS as iiiigbt r'a^'^Yes, IIee>as, boy, when he "letdiiTM," "Vice-AdnlrsI e«bWa—Oatili MB kA«fMa»chU,Ut.30ai,krB^.|»lBMkMt .'>'k.!-, /.. ^ca;,r.i,;.j.i|j-,- :;>o cIo>e, as i; aiored—for ttmwhich W5< now almost gone like the otner. Toelivelyview,KgarmofllEE-<.tswa5tbotoolJ'kca heavy blow on nts forehead Toa was knitcsod al-eye,scene graduallybiu- si excitement. Taere were shouts to UsinuwtO Weie rnreiy only right-:Liis. an<^ though liEiWA.1 aeeuei very&:>i smasii bim, as iiM ha] oul; c-ne arm, widla 'uisused the excuse to rob every one.II was well known that Mr. lltBHA!! would not be eoiner, appaiintiy unconcerdwl. H^re he w»s the Americaa was fut b':fiiidlng and must givR io.at tbs iU'-.'-rj to carry the Cbampiia Bel: gut ill tka cuiar jjtfrgeufor ttmmjij?, i-i; re.j.'-ne' v.iia * ceepired Thev«ts-wcra STen en Lotb man, aad tkckat<iiii.and P'.eased,SAtsas went uAck to olsAid fir Ike balaaoa of your life JiistPra; histead of fight ;—Untitled Documentthat stunned.strar.si*!_da. fron Plsagaa«9 08. Hanc'ck—brig atod. S. H., was signaiixed ApTuS.lat. :-6 23. Ion. (.9 23. „ . ., „ Jaanpocr— Br, ship, from Macao for Madrid, Fea. 1^ar.who was r:JW a disitostlug obj,;ct. His left hind wasIIeenam in turn wss'i.!ais the fiul-st kind of blows, A ltd SU il»es oelow tbe DelL"ds. from Boston, Ibr TalaaariM.. ^" "lime flip,but a catctiingand and a fourth another,himself so taitif unguardedftaslied with appaienily very dee;! flesh wounds, and the whole oi t!)e right side of his face, eve, nose and mouth waas'.nipiv one huge blue lump. Sayebs, too, wasBaciy puidsbed ab'jufthc mouth, but his ficaties Of it'c shouioers tlnit one sees Hiiytbliif; to i.c-ccoiitiur ills tienieuoous powers of hitting. SArsa-stco, Ifoked li3»id as fiini, but iiis deficiencies in rtf^ardto bis antagonist in height, weight ^ud strength, andabu>c all, leLgLh ol aim. uiatie ii a.inosi a ma.ter of and head, tboush bloody, swolleu at.d much dis- And do yon mean— excuse my pensapeiiurheignv of tne ground on wnich 11£s.na:4 stood, and tne call ol i.nie. Tne Benicia Boy was first lU Sayebs .nd Anin's armsiichr. PlBndene. Brown, to S. L. Hitchill & &'on.jIi[waA, ;Sayeas Anathei round f,.uowed wiiii to but in ttier'o:.!Say£i;s' it wiilbeseea then came and Heenan at once, bringing his And rufh to hememhow tiemendous w^ere the obstacles with which ne gaunt muscular left into play, reached over rou'shnbr. EUcu Daker. Stlllman, Newbera. >". C. S d»., with t:aval srrrea to master.iinoi'efaiiuii in eatli'g an dnnkihg, exerr-;*^.,I!1;thyeyes, out,!But balm and luit and rest? Fortrainmg went, hOA-c/»^r,you yield place.-tort-.- to Telfair * Il-ru.bsltoilold,woernsdesbenltowSlauybtblisa" his"ivide?"Or win tieoiendousbiow. .Vgain Sayebs was out.tlioughwcak, Ard 'ake thyand Hess.i.-< rushed to force tne lighting: uaca hit >ueamong tbe fish:li^bt.J~^l:ar-,fnd after asligh-. stru;;gleBelow. >uiiustuy, frcm New.Orleans.•Ji>.i.N>.> lifted ,-*AVEBS fr::tn :iie giotin I Il-.us bim duAii i.e:vv:i>'.BarkBr'gBria Columbus.Brig WAbath. (ol Key West.)—All the above by pQet'Ko. 2.with ease a-.d S.^YBBs was evidciiU/ :ttr,-i^ on bismercychild. AsonlyPeerlets—ship UFeb2s lat.6614R.,Ion.«3S3.foii^iithis da;ter«l My;-"«« ¥«"*^"»-»»\ .-^!*?WHJKS^-.«?|>\NffmJ-^ibyof Poctefract. In those days a noted bruiser was thought stowed upon his tali, wiry antagomst, who seemed deL»e ctowd, wtucu scarcely left the combatants B. u. vernoD. LarftaUa?CABBLFoan " assisted" BaLcaaa when he fought Troy." roused by these shouts to ApparentlyTexalTilandneSTl , Barks Viiniges, Brorgts, ManzsniUa. B. k 9. X.>quare,presenceiO,0UO spectators.MeyerWinona, CadU. Pecsintheof somesending his huge antaguuiat reeling like a drunken man back into ids corner. Tne effect of ttiis blow was so tremendous that even before half a minute hadgave We tumMed out rapidly into some meadows along- eye, splitting uphaicly any Joom to fight at all,side the railway, and the business of drivingHe would be a tmld peer indeedDearbornAgrisola, Atkinson, 8(. Joha. P. L ttslisaa••rfaatartf4aetilingwaredone. Onemansaidtome, webadaaHclpated—infact,thegentrylargelypre- besaidnowofacathedraltownoffering,asofold, werehis(eatuies, TuetewereloudcheersforSay-f„litUemanlikeSavebsverynearlyasi;'lan Ilapsed Heehae could scarcel-y be recognized as theof nearly all his immense and possessed strength,~-*dominated. Several members of Parliament were"EBB, Who went up to Hxxsah'shis face with a curious, halt-puzzled expression, as if he too was ustotmt-'ed by ihe effects of bis own bandl-The new Police Act has been the death of pugilism.Its greatestprofessors now lead a hole-and-corner lifeWillie training, or Issne forth their challenges la mys- again in,v>n.SiDeeshcbst used to second SpBiiia ;, .„ J^- ., , .Utimttlm. fialiiax. H. 8. Mary BHen. (Br. J akeiMaa. iru«sar.a WollT; aKricola, Atkinson. St. P. LMaLord and what woulde —oneand who, now as blind as a bat, was hand, thoughSonsBialne Peters; E. W. Deaitforaalways smiling ana always fresh, tnat maters reallyin. and all Umpires, referees,ysnDab, Croiawall k Oo.; PaiheTsba»r.a«., P*»ew.eiUi., PoiUand.H. B. CromweUaCo.good company for any man, and we hear almostmiles, and yet we were not more than witiiout surprise how, alMut forty years ago, Lord to warrant me belief that "the tielt was going to mc/e close mob round tne two men fighting. (Brtm.,) Knbinian. Bremen, C. LaliDiAfter this four other founds were fought, in BobBsx la tbe churchyard of Su George's, Hanover- suoiiger efforts, Saybbs came on again, and, watch- the mifisi of this dense mass of of either(Nor,,) OUen, via Rottenam,:City f^int, Paash i.ing Ills man cautiously, stepped back frorn a dreadful of blow aimed at. htm, sprang in before the Americanin the fairest way tbey could, consistent with their havingsmash full lu thethe cheea andTnls, however, was, on tne whole, unfair to Sayebs, whose only cbaz.ce now lay in avoiding the tremendous blows of his antttgonlst, against whom he contended with only;Msn, nik^_ "Hbehah a terrific:( eDglll, Bnenoa Ayres, S. k C. 8. Jobasoa Trinidad. O. 8. BiepbCBSon.stlli san.eman,soswollen,disfigured,andbiooa-stalued toa formidablefcrce their way ring,opeaing, bain by' vaat B. Maasgariaak aal Isdr Krs ;;O_. e.lTrWt*li«c.;»*;8 mcnoous ctieers for Hxbkak, and ironical the men fought on with varying success, tlie B A, aoa4as>, C\.„ A.s.^dnslct, u> oongrmtula- ** " one or tbe other heavy Behmitf, ocuaui^nnuKhterplon. There were loud cries of Time," at whljh whether tbe Bnghfh Champton would abned satruhciks til u>iva,v anKdemlpaedrva;iaHoias,s Hias Osarrfor bAYXu, leUrlng as tbe lattei advanced, till toe Bieic». Sayebs now tried getUng away and leading"of iBtficans n went orl firtt to'ward Dov*r, and Ihe gpeat excite- and town," held a grant of the laoas of the Abbey of uesneolremssouasttempting oauntdfighting woiftharam amsatnheoAfmesruic-h St«AKY<j.ansiM to overtake him, whetnm athheeyavcyloMsoedwaound kr^LiT' *.**•. ?',J",^;*''*'"-''JsCe.oDA.LAWlai.eemVl.a. laool,luntwastokoow where we were gotag. To givePole&woith on strength lencihan office which conferred honor on tbe highest, whenAmerican again had tbe benefit of the higher his oDtoiif nt round the ring, in ooe ot these mas be groundu,^°i 'i-" ?<^- jCik Matianrsoddaaghterast,mok>-Eiifil»i«bed striven just «s the train was ready to start. We MarmioH, Lord of Scrivelhaye, of Tamworth tower and the sun in Ton's eyes. Sayebs now founa It was got a heavy blow on (he neck, which enabled his ao- liulln, >. B.uiitr, a. .Snbar, rcondition of doing bAttle ia abiglc canAaheat ofthe ficbtlag,he ttaerelore tried to dash and in,athe bead wnueof foalnon(uterest to theijoumey, we had not arrived out more combat agalsBt -ajt luilghtly eaemles of his King. blow at HsEivAN, who returned it with a very heavy play wsf mace, but It was overruled, as tbe Mow was BAi.-^eSlltnUeM.dtoe., P. liJj'elivS^S!? Mirti^H;further exchanges, all In favor of tiie They abouk their stii-Jis at us asid langheJ, our have been laid aside to become mere things of show American, Sayess got down.it waswhetlier liisanugontst wasup or dowa. The figbt-Miss aSui, F^'llresaen, wtaaihad been statlcned there to prevent tbe wiibtbedajsof cMralry, and lance and batUe-aiepowerful young ^gain the men were attended to, and again Sayebs IrgfigkCbays respoDfied with the weU-kcowa thumo-aod-lln-and no more used by men. TheDthooksare stillwas Hbxsae almost as strong as s:iilie>y quick,e^er, ai.d Ihougn apparently much distressed, tryingL. *aallhler U- 8. HhT?Pohl and lady, Peter PaU. P. Mo. atnaer MlsJWJST'g«r movcoient on t e nose. .But the; did not atiempt extant,ChampionsEnglandlo get ittb-ry-rlguui round IIsbhah got Saybks' nead under his left Hroj, and, supporting niinielt by the stake withMisi ch.MS^ th!^ at!bat the modemtbem not, and the pageant warrior who threw downlorto, mui^ti masked, and with a heavy cut overwer before be quite lost his sight. In theof tbe gauntlet to some hundred ladies andknow;slighttneground.appealcamehis e)ebrow, to cope with Hexnah in his own corner. This time the sparring was so lung an i cautious tnat at last ixitn menCo)Vira,SSr?Hms.^SSaIHtnxAR,trulysaid,mandRaaschkelb. Mrmt«Mrever. IntheseroundssometimesSateesgotawful blows upon the head ana body, and sometimes he;Marpby, Joba,the his Atone time disfigured face.of antagonist.HamilKn. St. Jeba. Twais.Dchooners Kally, Bates, Uartfind. Htsr; 8. O.when he knocked down Saybbs, who Jozies, Bedell, bioilolk, ; BIten Loaisa, Tbavasaa. wcuiu spring to his feet and give the American KewHaven,_ master; PallsdiD, Aver*. DasassiUs.illcans were thrown up and cheers given for Hbbsan aslinks t Os^Pv^ IMIa, much laiger than an ordinary tiiolng-table, and the NsBiC, SaBBiaaiai_faktbeway lu where they were fighting, in a spaice not Boteita hewbers, C.B Dibble kOo;caretul attention from his seconds to mate him fit forTbe betUng now changed again, and if Sayebs was them justice, both seemed very willing to leave off Indiaoola.ICAS off his in so that he the most legs turn, requiredand but theand at last retired to'linsc out l.ielr mouths, which were very bloody, with clear. His riaht arm, however, was his Amazeen, master;toin and gave anotlicr terrific blow Heehah,of his head and forehead much punished, IIee^iahBloop Oregon, Rkodes, Proridense,formtremblelikeachild's,the snapping turtle," and who, in addition to all it had been noticed on the last two rounds that any of the spectators and leaped over two small part ol tbe pAsaa^e to the Ion. of 34,40 was made wftkinstantly utterlythe ring. W e need scirceiy ea'.er on any recapitula- fered su'.h teniSc punishment that a full blow from was obiited to cie led by the hand to the train.4iaata , but Owxs^vitt, Tichbourne-stieet, iscaid to''ka Ike laiieiikoMer.How the fight would liave terminated but for Ihe In-•{the te place* was new to me, or rather I should say as publtsiied this afternoon in an extra of SclCs Life. may De summed up m a few words, tnat siArxBs noius The reason of this was now p;finfully apparent on his tel ftrence of the police It is now literally quite im- aispatches for Cape Rsce. OnTnarad.y atWSaP. IL,and threw SaYiaa with his eyes to the sun. They'shook hands, and went to work warily, both men clever and ftrmldable a piize-fighiier as ever entered which in all his previous contests he bad adinli.ls- almost after became so blind that he best lime hiiberto, but. sabse4aen4y , very iliumiSalBthese qualtiles. has proved himself to be as Sayebs made not the least use of his right hand, wiU; hedgea This, however, was a final effort, and be unusual rajiid iiy, in 3 da, and 17H hoarii, sarpaasteg bartion of tile events wliich led to this match, all ot wnlch itmayalmost be sv.id to decide the fate of ^ bat'le.lengthpoliceforced their:him head over ner. Rjder, CharkatCB. Lolhier, Potter kOe.; D. O. oreadful, and loth men began to show signs of hetts. Both men then left wnat had i>een the ring, Bisglns. Longstraet.Petsrabargb, Van BraatkSlwttior evenSAYEBS might have got a blow which would have and, vesterdsy, at U:30 P. M.. exeiungeaai(Bakwilkthe Galway ateamer Prince Albert, in lac SB n, laa» 6«40.Steamship Nashville. Murray, Charlostea, wltkBiaa.- BLd paaaengera to Spcfford. Tllescun k Oo.Steamabip Ma-.^nias, Lieaequay, liataDsas B 4s., vUkto Uora tiros Mavarro kOe. ,one. OnSaiees was carefully avoldmg this, and Heekae'shave a been, perhaps,the other banl,was so far gone that in two or three minutes mdee. andmailers now the staj:d,pooristbe only impression left is one of astonlatunent thatready graceAnd claim thee as her son.see,And putAud tan"Shall gather round the teller. "mean to leaveyou alarms.Savanaah 8 ds., witb loBberou flood jiiid baledbounds of this World whom we ail must tuss'eBcKApril It Ut. 21 44. Ion, 8i .<6,humbly singtoTbos.Ring;j.IBaeoB,.:_. Wils_r, jrnfayaat.Nev-BedKurd, wltii niss. aat courage fight giving passengera to Earalov s Pope.LoKBOB, Wednesday, April 18.There is a rumor this morning that the men will passed Ihe bull of a brig vith both oasts rods, sCriMSkl:eav>;has bad bcai asa j.;Jeieth DauierEiegCT, H. kSierTtLrt."<x>bU scarcely see laoy, d. H. Pistro. W. Cailn1, oJaeuagnntDercker andChlraidsytinMarsU.nBop:ferSi;,.Bteansblps Angosta, YoodbaU. SaTaaMk, . U.aaaer. Behbins, MGoanltUesvoloe,eo. a H kC&aCrorelhlt:o.Aka- Howe, Pat-'A. Au DrSamace, (Br.,) KIUb,Sefbara,Nldsls,sprung fiyiDKjibtMxim.ac Apnl X3, lat.X laB.TSli^ -not abeen meeting of tbe parties in-A BATTLE HVMN.IH nOKOR or SIB JOHN BIINAK,tppeared in a ThtTty-seven Act passed Cape ot Good Hoope. April as, took a pilot fraada. Same date, exchanged signals with sa Asa. LtookBark alma. (Br., ot Liverpool^ M. S ,) Tapper, Ar>Kantucketroyo, P. B., 19 de.. with sugarcMarch 6, off Cape l.ocuUas, Cape of Good Hope, ez*Sanus Bead with mdae. to ITih,k Cm»Baxtnn—achr., strg S.,N.,Carver— ofbrls, Bearsport, strg 8.,GEKCE>Mto H. K. Bay State*-4S^ «fi,loa.«n- Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 