 L5_and do everything in their power to secureJ Auosr W. Hiceb, charged with tiie nomlaation of one of them. In this also suchshould turn out to be true, the new invention will orobably pave tbePony Express, with.cKciMMeiitliad t>een created in Ctiilibyminor Topics. Even the London Timesof aad.they look upon their votes as certain ia be more sanguine among them are confi-he now He will answer pines.iagvras held hate. Blabs Bs;jMtta, liaiAK toq>eakonthe subject,was inter-—."^ '—^tfaat This is allanaptjlbgf,waged upon him by the President would re- lieve him of all responsibility for the obnoxiousgenUe" and the only rational expla- nation which can be given of the passion withJ*'*i- .-!,**?w*-"---.'-- »^46,:»<e*;,:j>,n(^S^5i«^-»}2'•*,i_tM).h/>, .;^*--«3f'«-^.^'f-'>i'_5*»5*',,«?!StitJKl y<IO?liM ^fawitg^ gitlllB^"- '- .,-^.:S^&>«i>ffr^«to*K«r*tftJShdL Mr.OnUsdepoaited viflirJrff»»^BuJ.IT 'p— te riTBlta in FlourWheat waacontingency ever,moreover,mayMatBttay;tratioodid er did aManlat Jat* oompetitiaa vrith ethara. Ha aIa»male*atalaaMM aa to tlia doalng of the mcaiagvaBlalhaiaa, and bid the fault at the dooras nndeniable and aa profound aa of amy• «MaMnwftt*«aaR]>Muk* ^iqrCommon Besin and Spirits Turpentine were Jn tary debates, which has led to the most dis- deposited demand. Tobaccowasbrisker,holdershaving therein,andneithertheChambetiainnorany-The kaaU to Harper'stmrlateaMtMlOBhave come to aa ignoble doae. There are canyiaa' tnaipameiaa.tM tk* V»wt ehib nt«k Specimanments in other braiKhes of trade were productive of no remarkable changes.have of late yeara been compelled to record•8 incidents of a CongressloBal session, whichmore than they depositor.canit, any the money of an individualno more witneaaes and It is aaid the ready,sd by ahaW, eraataa thadtviee, a* MiowB, waa taedvad wukiniM VOB OAUrOBm U yabUihed . t» b* ril''*f-'*^ ta Am FnbUibenon tbeNxir-was aalthongh restrained by the anxiety felt by aome of has degraded the Bepreaentative office in the the speculators to hear further news from Europe. eyes of all respectable Americans, and dam-Let oar Bau. Ml a*Mh kaaU a( andih>Hata(lee-PiiMUaalaJ^qWct.IhaI. I,Therefair demandfor Stocksyesterday,summonses.It is even doubtfhl if they willm-Twk OUy."complicityofAmaagaltkaat woe llaIW. <y»ift*yWAT-y»of.nary passionate vulgarities to commemorate, pensesprintingofblanks, amongst theigAOiMtfemlnm-Pa<!.' Oomor Dura. 'and to The " Wide-Awakes" at Hartford, atwith"grossIastic last meetingnight,efldeavadagla ttrnfiaat^ttHlK—__ HfeMJfc««it to cut down the estimates! instead of saying nothing about it and present' at Bichmond and Baltimore. personal remark. It was urged that Mr. ing the money to bia hangers-on of the Press'andis almost distireaaing.-KmL.IKpOt..at Branamck,Georgia.Thefirstthingtheywilltrytodowinbeto effect a reunion of their two wings. The seces- sion at Charleston is now Tety generally felt topatriota agemustwishthata gonoBlnatioiisvrereheartilytalDTsed.aadastoijkwsa taken np and passed.idieiaptielstiTeprivateand had standingaccotmts of let them be ever horae, and calCng the State to arms, warifa corruptioi;,plete reorgaalzatloB perfected for the Fall <f J ft^)^^l<K1l)«^ 1t T of this poUc^. The amend-whatever—" it is not animated by thehisseventeen men were but the advanced.Bmm Vsire their return. Tbe men Douglaschargeswill, "short,_I,-Parliamentarywere concerned, but tiie influence of the ac- tion, are those brought ont by the Democraticaadwaa-vMdrik* m^otlqr of the Committee refused to 'examplesNow,if Mr. Pbtobthe dis- cover; of rich veins of silver and copper in thedrawbacks.must now and thenprosecuting criminals,theirdedarlagEvxam. There Is a considerable acoessiaaprovtlkejow ^uMk«niimwmKwtetker dtiaeM aprocessitiaiqr private•previona quotations.step towards snp-« -i=i.'m B&MCH orTbemaellBgwaaagiratathe Mexican ~AHD FOOKTH-ATBNUE the Simmona amendments.House shonld censure Mr. Hocston for sowhatIna excites Mr. special degreelatter fromWsaaiaaiw4IsnwaalAIiSOH—Saeasa Oaaan'f Mi—aim.liranLooS^raaa Oiuaax the Fall campaign.ratified tbe nom- Chicagodignitylangnageinvolved.compro-on band, over and above the cost of the blanks ought to have apprised Congress of the fact,bisamiTae wkUsdeprecates the aaeUonal poaittan oT'flM twe'sMdttonUBIgir-ftaifi*"?* or ruMiaat,a'aT.t.T— mBaeiawAT—EzBlit- pii-Proepeota of the Democracy. ThePresidentialcampaignwillnotbefairly opened until the Democratic Party marshals its forces in folly the field. Tbe canvass awaitstheproceedingsUntil the Democratic candidates have beenthe ladies at Concord, was sufiicienUy desper-a pualv (•ogtapfeiaa vota. of the Union, he agrees to come the lavlor thereof.Fenlav a^QWABOk"pA»y>^MkwS OF THE DAY.Is Oto TTidted SUtea Senate yaatenlaf, ViNext to Mr.moat claim on our condolence is our old Mend Gov. Wisa. That the John Brown affair should, in three or four dwindle intoTBI " wn>s AWAKxs " A* Kaa»OB»—fBaai^ ^f'lamt or tbz obrjaoo aoHVAtnait', '-* JlptcialDitptAUafNtm-Tmitimm. '., Hanssaa, Fiidar,«aarl. ^fAt a large and enthuaiastic iai«i»ti»«g of Q^ ]"ford Wide Awakes," held this eveBmc, Ihe <iof iti three cent, bonds. The to San- can be extorted from the Conven-VKBTION.St. Levis, Friday,aaltheTlb.9«aaMiAiMrtM/bteIaiat<alionwas ^ta have the power to eifoet tt« DeaoemOe spooatble for aay fl«rit» of Am ,.at all temnaMi^ ta Oe mBta«ant waa mm- meoPtealdeat, who, npoii tko Deo^u ttokst,Mb ProbablynobodyquestionalMB lh» lenofiL*tnaiiHtfotodthis cftekM.befcre Br.-anfcaHtadAitttwaaorlWanaoftheAdminia- vlllladoiibtedjybeaSoatbemnu.Byplatedmieh «meaaaimpoaalbleimthe Sonth to retain the OoveiBment for foor yearswfll be the soondneesoflonger in tbe hands of a Pro-SUvery DemocratA 81I?PLBMENT. of OoDgnaa. On being eaked what amount of and it is abont the only chance of doing it which tion at issue,—wheter Mr. Stodt has .>^#BK VUOS. BdUIw. iVBtlBK the Oilyeapttal wia necesaary to support the steamship tinea aemi.moath]y between New-York and Cah-fonila, ba aaid that $3,000,000the enterprise could be pradenUy attomotod wuh. Herepaad on several other fopics, Includmgthe nse ofmoney in elections, and his interview with thePresidentonthel*comptonqueetion.The market was quiet for Cotton, prices ofthey have left.The Coa|i«aeloB«I Oe»tIem»a.removed,—quite aa imdeclded aait waa fore.We understand, however, tttat Mr.SiotJiud KaH*B-«treet«. TTOOaon,«rT«aatI99tW««klFl—TonOOLBepnUlcaiu didthemselveswhich were besvy.A fair bnainess was reportedcoontrya serlooscredit,aervioe, by forcingto cover theat freely purchaaedatsteadyrates. Comwasraoier-TOBX TlUS (WMidr>-*** Bvuam • sctive, but was cheaper. Provisions attractedthe adoption of a resdation in- 1 named, nothing can be done. The question of [ tlie HsTtl Comifiittee to inqnire into the commanding interest in political circles, there-"ifioeanAma^ of the land purchased for a fore, is what will tbe Democrats do 1excmed, unless Mr. Tbain was also to be in-cluded <n the censure proposed. Appeals were sticks to the work he will reap far more made to the good natare of the House, and laurels in it than can possibly be gathered at every possible effort waa exhausted to induce the month of the pistol, or the point of themonths,snch insignificance that even a Committee ofThe bill land claims The Post- itkUfiBDefWl being under discussion, Kr. uaUt aa««d an amendment, leaving thenotUngoat of is it, aandfmtuiattu-Qtmml diaeietiaa to judge of the nearly nnanimons desire among their own con- aetion whatever.Iiave been a blander.There is astrongfliipillb of iMforing suspended lontes. Hr. stituents, that the seceding delegates should AmMB. of Marjland, read a letter trom Kr. Holt either resume their seats, qr that they shouldj' oi rw, The amendment of take no action at Biciunond which will prevent The House refused steadily and to in !;^imrt^l^l» ^p rejected. resolutely-'A* Airibce C<snmitt8e strUdng out the them from adopting and indorsing the procee'd-sublime and imposing spectacle as long as Itper railw^tiago waa to be completed, an appropriaticn of$100,000 having been made for that purpose. The tion,£H)iaiu in the mountain districts had been severe- perhaps, South Carolina and several of the is a and that the man who can extort itshe must be Emperorly beaten by the Government troops, and the resto-latioa of miiet was believed to have been accom-pUahad. it (a armounced that the Pacific MailMeamara, plying between Panama and the South em delegates share this confidence. They ap- ciety. F*dlis.paMs, will iieieafter change their days of preciate more highly, and we think more just-—illnr Ib- order to accommodate the Isthmuscessary,cost offuelfortheFrench navywouldbeeffectedtnTefaoftar t|ie—BXPITBLICABMASS KBETtNO AT BUFPALO. Boniie, Fiilay, inns I.and from Buenos Ayres to April 9. There was«>»«VT)g new at the former point. From the latterwe leajn that the new Conttitution has been pub- nominated by a two-thirds vote. An ultra lialied, ^^f^ tiiat the probabilities of a couHict withthepersistkeep-furnished with steam-engines consuming three tons of coal wonld consume in thatTbeBepublicansheld a masa here last meetingGovernment gain strength dwJy. In the Methodist Episcopal Conference yester- day, al3u£ralo, the preamble of flie majority re-character,how observant of the proprieties ofArgentinein n*4oaid of Councllmen, last evening, directedbecomes a mereof excitement, when once theration Atiomey toBut if she onlyhad retained thosereason. It then tamed out that bothhim of havmg faloniously assaulted them, on theday - of tiieii airival, and in the presence of Pyramid Lalw, from TiigtalB City, Tha ladlaaa his wife. The unfortunate man was over- were In camboah at a aanow peas through whichtlO« Bir fineiL aiidj«ninied only $2 MA reaolBtJonoTcOBdateie* with the family oflikeprderpropriety"when His Honor" and the Common Coun-atieet to Jamea-sUp, fipom Jtine 1, (yeatardar.)of what a is, are brought to public shametwo and hard labor. In TUscondlUoa of thU^g. continued years' imprisonment Eng- "f °"'" 'athe Cborch,Harlem.gentieman" "remedyis the pardoning '^"'^''t'."?.!?.^'!!!ijfcy Baptist TUOlMillnd ^presaW" ^^^^'^l^l^t^^^S^brothers, publuhedwith-" awoiog- " "to the occu-ordinances•c, tmlU further directions from tbe irrepressible conflictHaUs arenity consista in clutching at the appellation of"-coarse of the Corporation At- tomflp^^U .matteb the President charging di-which prevails in theirourLegislativeexposedhappywaterjackets,"shemightQnlchie River,about W wOm aorthwaio. tswaidatoilMn|M.Wanetlf^Stat^fiirMDcer had-received from $50 to liuan candidate. After all attempts at com-misfortunes andbe willthe wholehot-air;A special dispatch to the Refuhlictn says that the "Union and Constitution" State Caaraatiaa wUch met at Jefferson City yesterday was a failua^largest of the Northern States.We do not think tliat the mass of the North-people t>elngia atteadaaea-ly, the intense dislike felt for Douglas in theany man,nor, and a full State ticket.of those States, even if he were to be fairlyscientiously considerate of other people's ing bis gloves on.every hour,OwiuMnlBationa of baoadk that evening to ratify '"S?to have two candidates in the fieldnotonlydegreetowhethersheeouldpasstheBarathighwater.method oftbe election of the Bepub-shortcomings.aad nambar-the most They cannot unite upon any man who will not Interesthig. Among Important— In an instant a civic millenninm!^in the t wink-^»ewg laaiutWMIHPenta ia that of a disastrous reverse be greatly weakened in the North by the very^we see His Honor and might^•; on the oJ^kilfedT,r.ln.a Cityei-which befa ll the expeditioa of Majcv OBXSBr,who, at ihahaau of 106 men, had gone to aeeli and"in each section be-:rim in that section, some belief that the public funds, or the public credit, for cause!" The City could well afford toShebaaJury recommendingetaet probablypunirtt aartain Indian marauders in the Caraan'a Valley. The party fell into anIndiana wouldmercywaswere entertained that, flushed withTiiHatkr^n^h'of conquests maybe made from the territory of are in in dangerand im- would be blessedtenced to a short term of imprisonment, and thento he placed for a term of years in a reformatofy iad'er, Chas. Deruis. Jaa. Lee. T. Johnion,tneaavages^andthe ofllce of Chamber- AUantic Telegr^h festival, enlargedmin^"busyof thean innocent man, has probably never byJones. ^"'-to b«^•^.Vli^n"TM"'* "i'^•i«r»"b3idyof»ib,remoicU,JJ.WagoBfhave been s«at«° '»>«^ A.ND£r5m, He statedbeentbedefeatingit is plain that the only chance leftUajorpartyiseieproceeding,to the City. promise and conoord shall have failed, each oftheBoard sectionwillbelefttotakecareofitsel£ Thecil will be huddled in the togetherspite of the incredmie nature of the story, of grestwithin a ecBvaaient distaace. They open-Uom fhetr *TheVoard coocnrred in thefix |kp.Ch«ireIi for Deaf Mutes, and in bestowlog aome Southern manWhen those who have some ideaappropiistionofnominateand the iron as feeble as when she land there is no criminal appeal,immense,was off Hastings last Summer, on her first trip,and no new trial hours, when the ammunlUon""^Sa! ^^tWO; the Southern Democrats willfor kindred purposes inthe Southern States. This ia theTraociaeo on the 18th nit., and wliich should have whidl.the full strength of the party vote can largerpouriag to volley aftercome^eatatdaj. Ho reason ia given for the delay. Thereduced to something like orderThe Chambiblain.—Out indefatigable Mayor ling of an eyeebya pretVnu rider,raaehed St. beJoseph's: he birought to bear against the RepubUcans. graduallyupon eyes weary with waiting-^tTjtSoeIs not yet ascertained, butIlcmr Meicdltfc, a-dlstingniihod CaUfcinls la»rn Mr 8. S.-wer, Richard Llondaa, Mr. Attington, Dr.packageswhich left Sanonly waysort•fact of such a union. Batif thestrangest man iain his power consequenceto create thethe Aldermen, aU in ene batch,jury. tbejustItctiii 'i"y- -Amcngthe killed are Major Oninl»Snearly annihUaie^ -Iftiintbe common foe.make a descent upon the Washoe All that the Democrats can attemptdtclining to sunenderChsdMJohn i. Anderson, Ans.re'r Fleming,»nd endeavor to exterminate tbeSchsalld. Mr. KaexoraltA. John Gsrabo.fOTett.^°„^v^'- ^ *'"?' appeared yesterday be-' wi!«am?„.^' Committee at Wasliingtoa,the "STOtrr has " water jaekef"" would be treasured np aaIn bis official bond, charms and relics with holy care, by coonUeas •jLhappUj, not restore him to hi* situationwi'.'. O. McNaoriiton. Total known ana ma woaaded. iT fcte unknomii. 43.'^•*'' /|L' 'o^-""^"'»i• •^*JS*j-aae^eaa, theTheas the most beneficent monster that had everwaa the Iwst thatthe matter to be thrust aside, or to al- as he whkti leatorea (Bsptnded routes was ings at Baltimore, if they should prove to be of low itself to be diverted by side issues from orguard of a huge Northern force, thirsting forbut one which slaveholders' blood. Bat when the eighteen EvaaiTt, at Faaenll Hdl»^ AItvviTttOBvelaatiimenauedinconse- byilw Senate adjoaroed. The bill, adjudp render snch a retreat feasible. The mass of rum and ofrules. Thus the matter ended, so far as the immediate partiesWtMtLOtw, from the Covode Investi-_ CaBBdttapr npon a qaestion of privilege,tm staleuwut in regard to certain witnesses, States to take the seats of the seceders, imd and aPreaident of the United Statea." The onlytoJfarahala and their Deputira, for VftuSSBofLWimom to escape, was passed by thethe Northern do not de- delegates, moreover,Thaddeus, who has magnanimously sacrificed hislibertyonapointoflaw. Doubtsastothe Senate's power to oummon witnesses haveofacoeptaaeewasread, reeelnd.itlag iiwialtiiheintreat withanyatten--5 BxnrBLKXiii Mxcnsa n KxaivoKr^ 2 Vi*-expect new delegates from several of the Southerntion taken, we are confident, will have a widerLoonviLta, (Kr.,) Mday, Jaaal. intends to com- consigned him to a gloomy dungeon, in which Testerday a small bat spirited BcpabUeaa aaaat.deeper range.aU Cf dM Speaka's subpoena he could cast for DorsLAS. In this way the bate which has increased sojka>« eaQed. He believed that with the ''reformer,any questions that may be put to him cheerfiilly, but be will never change his mind on tbe constitutionalThe msettagistUed thelitat large of money lud been 'jmtmn aS^nlminn of Col. ScsaxTOB, a .jHM^lMni Pennavlvania. Ur. COTOOC, fromof betm.vi ii mruilm4*mArikf,axplainedttiattheHouse,inrefus- byatwo-thirdsvote" the " peopleand take him" so people have,Itiridentthat canhisnominationChxivkblag t»@am>el Mr. Sobku. to testify in regard toof their ntmiber are prepared, and determined, if they fail in this, to nominate turn by a sim-class of our public men ever manifest any remember, was as vulgar once as cold steel (wnsiderable sensitiveness, and that is upon seems to be now. So if he wants to exposeout ofjail byforce." The"f a private electioneering fund, "tgA g^^thl^hft a pncedent which ttie Committeeflm«dBId not (Uaregard. Hence the refusal to act on ple majority. If they can thus force him uponBepaUieaaillwriwlnn,far, no indication of an intention ta fol- givenitm PHDsylvania case. Mr. Tbais, of Uassachu-the as its the party candidate, they saygentlemen.particularcorruption,tion has now been brought to a close, how-—" Cll in abeaking, notwithstanding a universal call to permit him to be defeated. They assert, more-touching unimpeachable proof, because It hap-pens to be iiimlshed by a Republican Com-SOUTH OABOLUIA DZHOOBAnC COBVBNTIOC AasORA, Friday, Jhaa I.whoQld«r rwhaienpon Hr. Trsjs remarked that he ahooid-' consider himself guilty of gross impro-ever,nothingleft tohopefear,.ivftei)tyHr-Hoi;ston,ofAlabama,persist-to say:certainly they do not consider itasover, that tbe mass of the people in the South- em States do not share the hatred of Douglas—the floor." Mr. Hocstos inquired whether ttie re- and that, if he were a candidate, they would mark was intended to apply to him. Hr. Taainimplyingany specificboth as a member and as a gentleman, werehe to continus speaking when he had no right to which is expressed by their political leaders,There are characters who are fice is not a whit less when ex-gadon to RlduDond, beaded by R. Babsweu TA strict test vote was made on Rairr'a I electloa,wasseventeenlahisfavor, citement resnlted, aad althongh RsaR'spriety,many public reprehensible """punishment well,andtbeSenatemightasthat it did, and then Mr. Hocstob pro- give him their votes in spile of anything the replied ""conversation, ignorant and boorish in their man- bers," or peering into iimennost recesses,"well be magnsLnimons and let him go. He may law digests and reports, and in all notices oftheyeffectand the more recklesstion. Dr.says WashingtondeliverThe Sixth District Congressionalespecially the Southern wing of itdare notand there iswe respectfully re«ommend that Mr. Htatt beallowed to depart. He has displayed a good journed on Ttmrsday ci«)it, having nonliiated a iners, ijOQDced him a disgraceful liar and scoundrel." latter could do against him. Their hostility outvenal in theirpublic relations,and with-when leaks ont in athan it gentiemanlyman-tion to Richmond, the opposition saemad dstaialaadA a^ne of great Tiolence ensued, in the midst of would which Mr. Sbxemaii demanded ibat Ur. Houstonhim at the any pretensionsprivate respectability;ner beforehigh-toned Democrats,"and the scene and session ended. Oor-Taifaraiso correspondent writes that great"GreenUafcertainlygreatly strengthensubpcenathe entire delegation to Rlcluaaal was so eaapaaat.:—decorum to our Halls of Legislation. must take hold of a common bowie- quef Thereisonlyonepointuponwhiohacertain knife. "Villainous saltpetre," he must oughtto march onBaiymorenotion which— being partyWhathe mnat not be toolow Dr. CHExviB'a advice. Aa the Investigv G. Pobtbe for reelection to Congress byPro- Slavery candidate would carry the cottonStates, and Bkll, as against him, would have his station in its relatio.is with the public wel-mightThe new directors of the Great Eastern and at this rate his aimual coal bill would bethe victims of port ODthe Slavery question was adopted, with and Maryland. They question, therefore, the control that he can prevent the casual vexa- a sell," almost as gigantic as tbe great shipathat pfft (truck <mt which relates to tlie proposed wisdom of his nomination against the wisheslaatnBvHPalai:This vexed question was therebyUT Midwni thehas been a most deceitful and inhuman monster. She refused to be launched for nearly three'tention.Frandico are to t P. H. on fiie 16lhIThe Bishops were authorized to es-Threatea ta Drive the Whttoa n. a ahhto be hung on the 13th wUckmer ma; be selected by the United StatesSayles,prisonergrossly and as it is one of the first instincts ;of a "gentieman" not to trample on deco-iBiLof July iwutf- noon. Sllia' or Bedlow's Island, circtmistances. It is very easy to see, fromThe last Pony Eipreas took the tBtaUI«aaee flHl several AmeticaBS had beea uaideiedtT^aiadhaB, while asleep at Miller'a ataOaa, aa 'Caaaaa Rtver. some thirty Bilea tea ttaaatOaaamrlaarCBiesa Tal-Hjoxa recaived his which has character-the tenor of all their public journals, that theyof others, men months; killed her projector with anxietyplacewhich have excited anKarshal for' thateotence with thatisedUpconductthroughoutthetriaL Laterin asthemastprobableresult oftbecampaign. the dn HtCKS bad an interview with Mr.one of kiKComael, in the Tomba, wlien be beeama They preferor invade thelike Mr. Houston ought in their rationalmoments to be able to see for themselves that"gentiemen do not violate rules of order,'' forpurpoae. stolidityrum,privilegesof in- enough to entitle them toare to be defeated at all, rather than de- toaome taanrompta veraea, hinted at a bloody feat after they shall have conceded everjrthingher,and finally, as if in a fitquite eAunnicative touching hia former Ufa, and, theyeven in trivial matters. Togo beyond trivialviolations, even to the use of snch Ungnage as of ferocious mirth, addressed herself to thecrime in which he was previously engaged. Apeculiar to their own position.We think the Democrats are almost certainrefused to come to it ;ques- New-York Common Council for information as two afterwards their mother came to visit that those Volunteers united la oas h«-^latter Jrom one of Hicks'anptter column, will he read with interest.""liar" and scoundrel,"11 respectively, were plaeed adder his care, and committed fliesobaeqiMntly- 'goodchance inKentucky,Tenne<<seefare, it is only by a steady and constant self-peopleabout 80,000,000 francs.FROH THB PACIFIC.ARRIVAL OF THI OTBRLAND EXPRStt. 'Mountam Conference, toenoory and the mining regions. An form :—when this fiuls, as it nndoubtedly will, absolute adherence to them isWe do not wonder that he has ordered such a marvel of anengine into the Reine Hortente ; and, if what thejckycompriseto the her advent. A new dynasty having ascendedsave eighty millions of francs yearly!clal aad mmrtae8fI Bade to estaldiah a German Confer- nt eSiact. Tlie Conference, it is antki-necessarymost evenly-balanced and honorable of men..ieSBPB, Friday,June I.ily adjournto day.they slighUy disregarded byTimes correspondent sayswhlek arrived Tnesday eveiUng last, arrived here at ii» P. H. ta- day. No explanation is gtvea aa to the ciuse of Us da- mall was all safe. Tha dates IroiB Saarobbery on board of tlie sloop we incline to think cjAif a{' theymen,thingstomach the affront as best she can.It must be confessed that, so far, the big ship, coal altogether, when the Bears can have it theirtkeX. ASmttcm, was' finally disposed of vesterday, ia tkeSidtadautes CirciUt Court. Judge Skal-will fail. TheSonththe use ofthey will then present GtrrHxix or Sbthodb,the throne, her destination has wisely, per- When are even haps, but unfairly, been changed to New-York,tn the and Poitiand is left to pocket the loss andThethe and dispatehaahas very little confidence in the ability of theDemocracy to elect a President nnder anyTbeconsider the success of the Bepublicaa ticket defeat upon their own ground, ifannoyance shegotanyofthemonboardout of her gig and drowned liim of Portland to make a pierextraordinary degree—tion ofbarrier has been overlei^ied. While, therefore,daysthem,and removed them without asatgning anyTbetatives, headed by Mr. Shekmab of_. r-TfMWMM '.tw Willi tilspeech his sureties, the Bank is reaponsiUe for every 'm tm »a»wUnmtmtwxam Douam: more attention. Oroceriea were rather Inactive. which has grown so fast npon our Parliamen- dtdlar of the public money wUeh ia, III1111 rofBepresen- Oslo, yes-taken stepsto meet Mayor,aoch and hasterdaywholethe Boose to take Ow fintpreasing that brnfal licentioosness ofmade some coooessions to buyers. The move- graceful of the many dlagraceful acenes we body else can draw or ose a dollar ofin temperamentWhenwe the hisfor the Fall after campaign,for Batt asd~in the Honaeinfiniteand the—Ciiillaa Govenmient had decided to take up a part of his friends to assert that, if his nomination than a Choctaw has to a coronet, must be has embarrassments to meet. If he respondent, not long since, to announce that theof Acoueagua, and that a tide qf emigra- tloia had turned in the direction of the mines. Thetheywhowillacts of the Adminisfation.These are the considerations which lead the most confidentto tlie Union movement In thiswhich they have no more defensible claims associates for filthy lucre. The duelist even blunder egregiously. It permitted its Psris cor- mssouBi " iTNioa and ooBSttnmoK" biatx oea-whichcling to a heraldic designation toaid of a common peculiarsometimesNapoleon had interested himself in astreagth Slate.cityJaaa I.aboutcany — South except, their sordid and " seedy" brains that the word ready to engage with any weapon, and if ne-—vagueclingsuniversaleven descend to asoughtterror,of propulsion gun-boatsin ameans to inspiretions and excitements of a hot and angry po-getherand violent outbursts of action or of language.nce was changed to tbe Central Ohio ably be to purchase support for Dobglas from It is on the of this fact that all accordingly expended over $100,000 in build- if, by merely employing more economical enginesrecognitionthe Soutli, by large concessions on the plat- Parliamentary rules fundamentally rest. An ing a pier and mating other preparations forin hJE twenty sbips-of-warin he can conimission,s Waahae Reatoa—Oeaeral Newa—Caaaai*it is the most naturalworld that men of a lower grade, associated with these, should disregard them far moremail from the Pony aUslagStress.un- still render was appointed with power own ranks, but as offering the only feasible pation of men whose only conception of dig- us a service which would efface the memorysuspend prosecution as a matter of necessity, in consequence of the reference togirlsto ac- wfll be tolain His Uitest device is proved. upon his demands.Great Easterninstitute. So_extraordinary a calamity befolling McLeod,.;by's judgments >-biit it ieavea the realwell, and we thinkit was hypothetical, and that it ought to be Pbtob's new-bom zeal in this new field is inHouston's had been languageprovoked,veryMr]Any to the firmness of Mr. so wellA few snchwould effeetully check that insolence of de- mence the career of a finaacialreallyhe rapidly late, must make up his mind not to too particu^ and restore something of their old dignity and lar. If he cannot find a pistol at hand, henJia,Ssq, iiiWMait. Chieage nnalaslhaa aaft fonwd a Campaign Chib. A CwmHli a was a» pointed to lavtts Casoiis M. Clat to rome haa* aa*an address.coaeansioNAi. aomxAnoH 01 laotuia.'"IXDiABAPeus, Ia., Friday, MayS.calledmeaning they attach to the word, it is not easydaintyaliont1either moral excellen- mittee of the House instead of a Democraticcies, or freedom from any class of vices. Committee of the Senate. Malfeasance in of-The South Carolina Democratic Conventian ad-gamblers, profligates, vulgar and profane in posed by smelling round" or raking up em-tbe majoritybe consoled by the reflectien that in all future seemed rabsequenOy anzloas to send a ailxed dalega.toNorth, by yet these are the very men who insist, with the"not in the least^want to hear of it.who doIf a manto throw all the on tbe aad TasponA>Ulty Rhsttltm,akoDld be censored for this language. After a showing the people of the free States that he most feverish fury, upon their pretensions means to accomplish anything great in this•batp contest, tn which the Bepublicans sustained was not deemed reliable for their purposes by—tlie demand of Mr. SaianAN, Mr. Hoitstox made tbe Southern ultraists, and the warfarethe title of "are com-"he must take it as he finds itAU callings have theirhonorableon Evidence long foot-note.edition of owes him aPBtLAsaLPBiA, Fridair, Jobs I. The famous Toung Men's Clnb," known aa the " Hiaute Men of 1(56," reorgasiaed this eranlagtomonly neithergentlemen." They gentle" in blood, nor;wickedand make the most of it.""gentieman,"us ofmaintaining anythingin the National Congress Ues in the infliction bythe House of the severest and most humilia- main saloon, offering the well-known " hoepi-fire- hoisaaorJams Lirls, first AsdaUniOierk<Utalx deceaaed.) waa pasaed, afid a naolution ap- Northern Democrats will nominate Douolas, of- discrepanciesli^ttaH $U0 for fanetal expoMM was laid in order to preserve their party organization ting cenaure within its power npon every talities" to the Captain and officers. If the evidence, snd some revelations as to their previous charge, but the Indians conUoued to «'"»'^*•"^^««er. The Board coocuned wlQi tSeAldameu m at home, and toand decorum.—From liis cell in Newgate, the unhappyclergyman availed himaelf of the only resource 7,ir '"'aormany"doing everythingher to ofdefectiveeducation. Shetiasbeensen-the ftwa the Corpora- publicatitm of the letterA^, *,"ff „witti any h^ of success,LiKcotN. and throw the election into the tion Counsel, in which that oflScer expresses visited the western world, and piecesbeen avertedmeans so extraordinary. He wil'i now, no Elliott, W. Havfclna, GeorgeanyComptrolieT a new bond, with freafa anrel,, qneatton. Wh^ofMr.Stoutw<partof thecomplaint on tendered toToo F«ati41o«s by Half. The HonoraUe Boon A. Paroa hasTbe Bxehangea steady. Ifoney continues abon- HoimoK of Alabama h-ritated Mr. Traih of hot etill in the character of an ardent and In- ready known. Cooaidering the awful hints dtco^ air Busk! aai tataaaaerAttheclosewerefirm. New-York Tbe export demand forCentral agedtheofour institutioiuthatnotoneiota ofproof haa been adduced,prices 81i®82 per cent.general reputationemerged consequentSpecie throughout the world. for tbe ateamers to-morrow is about the same asor can be adduced, to abow thefrom tlie temporary retirementanUdpated yesterday—$1^00,000 ® |1,S00,000. In the course of yesterday's debate, Mr. upon his recent attempt to fight Mr. Ponzs, any Northerners In the plot, beyond those al- pMoa, SOsbea, Aa^tMrd aaddaat, and Olscotmta, ontsUe of Bank, from 5 to 6per ceaL per aaatun. MuaachusettB, who then held the floor, by delatlgaUe combatant. This time the object—and surmises wtiich were thrown oos—Hnutfo wias jairlaaa-M ont when of Tsaasssiat a tnaMasKof'PaiMr. Tkaibion Ticket held a meeting last night at Fsoeiiil that no gentleman wonld violate the rules of States a personage whose exalted positiongieatgaaariha avaat^fc aa< HaUs are* aiwinrrtTheBoatoofiiendsoftheBellandBverattUn- persistentfaiterraptions.finally^jAOOia'MAgiou,Kbub- enthusiasmoftheaodicncewasnotverygreat. Reports reach us Jrora Washington that theuponTreaty,ratifyH,isa breach of and so an Insult Pbtob's ire. On this he takes his stand, andplausa. fL»>inations, snd perfected a complete organization foran]enthusi-—Mr. Houston did not lack defenders and mise and accept no apology. The President,that have between theniptanrn ti a dnrnai nl nf giaal laaillL. Utittmm' 'customary clamor;impotentspecial chargeti.to its ownanyso far oome to UghL Depnty Sergeent-atdecorum,flagrantand we should have donbt-Tbe corruption of the Administration in dis-lameror moreeonclnslonnot lahnilaada deaocaCTatiaa. HoftheSenate is not indisposed to reconsider its action had not Mr. Shzrii.an at once insisted that the hungry new8pi4)ers of the Democratic Party,said of his attack is tbe Preaident of the Unitedthe hiquiry was oommeneed, aad the dreadfnl nature of tbe revelations in which it waa ex-IwniUK Tiu—JiAiovf Hall, which was very largely attended. Among order. "You are a lying sootmdrel," cried makes him, it appears, a peculiariy temptlag pected to restdt, it must be confess- teifnpted by wild i^pUasa, tthe speakers were Messrs. Geobqc Hru.iABn and Mr. Houston. The House at once fell into the object for Mr. Pbtob's assaults.Elliot, of Boston, and Mr. Hxsar, of Tennessee,son of Pathick Hxbby. A letter of acceptancefrom Mr. Etxbstt was received and read. The less had simply another chapter of the ordi- tributing the aurplua over and aliove the ex-ed that it would be hard to conceive of by nine cheers and a tiger.will make no apologists. No ene, however, ventured any he says, on finding that there was a large sumas thisdirect jostification of the language used. Ex- cuses for it were sought in the provocation, inis resolved to do or diethe excitement andhabit of the House to tolerate great latitude ofrequestedheat^f debate,The CeaaeeMeat Waaablliiaaa J'and in the andhave made the PorUand "herself. The last Boaid positively announcedwas taken up, and the Old Dela- York delegates, as well as of others, will prob- would come to PorUand, and the Portlanders poor Napoleon most be cheated by his coalmen, A Fearfal ladlws Maaaa«l< Tim;in becomethe highest degree commendable. If be oiUythe Senate can makecalamitywhichall atatesman of Mr. Wise'sthat body to dispose of this affair, as so manysimilar occunences have been disposed ofheretofore, by permitting it lo pass without any fear, greatiy interfere with his usefulness. quent," careering through Virginia on his war^ withBut here again he evinces a fas- tidiousness about his weapons which will, weliowie Itnife."which come fromShebkan and his associates, the attempt failed. Covode Committee, he will neither notice nor use was currentiy believed that Old Brown iaiThanks, however,authenticated,thebeinf that,Conn._^___^ i-- >Frem the Assoetata* fi .ia^ :•"-permitimpulsespubUc duty,of the Scnith CaroUna Senators urging such a character as will render atMiuiescence the main point. The result was that Mr. goes smelling round the country, raking np the prove to be the whole force of the enemy, the monstiatloa, aotwiflistaading a poaiiog rata.;mtt Mie Cliwleaton and Havana mail contract possible. But it will not be' easy for the se- '''i be (iun to the Itabel, instead ot being cedera to resume their seats. They hare gonend to campetition. The latter course was&, awlllbeMUpaaaed. After an Executive too far, and are too thoroughly committed, to amends in his power for his breach of deco- of private afiairs to get no charges against theM^ ex-Govemor's glory, of eourae, becomes cor- eral oot-of-town delagatioaa war* piaaMt,aa| 1^-Houston finallyapologizedforerai>ers of almost forgotten malice, and whichfaail was Hoa.a.Aur danaely packed.saying a word in behalf of the martyr St. aad Mr. BAiaoaaiAU. Hon. BavAia >vanywaysays,a sense ofthe reasonBotiea,,RUBr./aaa]^ The Union Batification »—««ft»j for Bau aaAte-algh^ ««f a giaat tthto the Housethe language he had used, and made all the goes about peering into the iimennost recesses respondinglyCommittee of a Democratic Senate."world,prove informer,guilt by betraysof an herThere will be a moment after her arrivalrunning fightinthing,application to himself by force of shouts of the open street. If we want to purify the to the extent of about 80,000,000 of francs. The only about two dozenblow's, thereby rises to the higher ranks of so- public service, we must act prompUy upon calculator of this marvelous resnit would beat the The Executive Committee appointed In the SpriagNow, it is no easy thingamidus sift the calculation. Two hundred war-steam- for Governor, Roszai Houos for Uautanaat-Govar-forthe contentions and tribulations of public life,nishes it. If Mr. Prtob" really wishes toeis, each of 3,000 tons burden, running night and ttuniRrtjetween New-York and San Francisco. Southern States; and they do not believe to preserve the reality of gentlemanliness. flicts with Mr. Bccbanan, as he says he does, day witliout interruption for 300 days in the year,new arrangement for tri-moathiyFrom B^de Janeiro we have dates to April 24, that he could carry any considerable number No matter how well-bred a man be, how con- he must not stick at triflep, or inrights,how thoughtful of his own temperatelyi,320,00O fsrtunessay by—supplyingBiuuii. The meeting was addressed by Hci .».ll' — Cupp, Hon. S. C. FasBissxir, of Maine, aad «lhar fpeakers of note. A good deg~ree of antliaaiaaa waamanifested.only But the Emperor Napo- lion and all the naval powera of the earth to- do not perform oae-half the amount of tied. Tlie report of the Conunittee of the South. The first endeavor of the New- litical discussion from hurrying him into hasty that when the ship came to this coimtry, she work above indicated. How ahockingly, then,and blew up her passengers the minutein out of the same facta, England, arising;upset her Captainsingular;thegot Citylay,aad bad ar> aim liat vaidaoa oompanlaaand eootradictions ia the children'sof the '-fender against its rules who has character "jackets" were at that instant only inopera/- training and the character of their mother, who is occasionally from beUnd the rocks and sags ~TM~»canty enoughdedtriw Chambers-street open <rom Cbwam- Northern States to defeat Lincolk. And envngh to wince nnder the chastisement. tion the evaporation aa great, tlie snpidy of quite wealthy, for"T^ TMr?~"in for uDgeirUemanly" conduct, the lowerhad in criminal cases. The sole ouu The Indian, seelag ^-^'f^Hf. T°andclass who worship the name alone may —what visions of a beneficentto befor a misfortune of tliispower in the hands of the Secretary of State over ^ luns unu •.—water as short, the pressure of steam ashe was convicted and sentenced to and dohig damage without snfferinf u<:b>= »°r*~removed'of Mr. Stodt's celebrate the event by a new edition of the groundbeenMr.{[yi39 fail to elect, the Senate will given prior to the removal, caimot be made re- generatioiw «f ttie descendants of thoae whoot unvalued cane.but thaofbe as quiteTheir chances good as their opponentsVopinionbe at once pardoned,pardonF.epre3entative3.that,Asstiming suretiesdoijbt,dawn for the dawn ofa,po., and the recttonsexplosion^r^ -—..i»i d.U^^'p.SL^.Tt?Committee do not intend to laaoe any freak—"make a report, aa it is oonfessed on all hands where Bvaaas gesa.* ftaant 1. Jtaathan that to which the whole affair has come. •crlBtioBof Svoan^ i iliaan rrtaeti^ te Senator Mason, who haa bad of private lUs, aad Ua enloty of Us mini M^iM»(ilead, were falriy stekadag.SawAaa'i Dime waa leoalvadwltklnefnaNHe a»'theoursincerest aympathy. His zeal and iodns-try deserved very much more startilng diacav- ceived with great eoolaaak Enaaart laMat aiw>.from theeries thanThe conflictArms and ilr. Sakbobn and JBas Sanbobh and patties, aad assarts that each will beinvestigationcommencement, haa' 'ate to be the of harbingerawful disclosures, that nothing more should have come of itmercifully beenapared.The "old man elo-Tbe Hartfordmovemort, and all KepobUcaaa wiaUag 1Mason,thepersonwho haadiiLWe cannot pass from the subject without s«, Qaosaa 8; Hiluabs, Mr. Hmnr, ttordeal of pluck and endurance, and has taken his"andtary works, his name will certainly receive an IBS BATIONAL UBIOiT rABIT IB fBBBBTLTAiWfc,thehabeas corpus mention. The nextin elemen-invention for thewherebyit wascalculatedayearlysavingintheany reliable information, no matter who fur- mathematical gentleman at Barnum's. Now, let met in a private room and Boiolnated Rosssr Wnasaresemble Alkxander the Great in his conA Sportive Monster.manysuch'tons of coal. We daretfanebe madea customer with coal at $6 a ton say 19 francsforsomedevice that will abolish own way with the Beading Railroad.—Twocriminaltrials have recently takenwayterest, and arerank amongst the cataes celibra.The chaplainand then of Wandaworth Jail, an Episcopal married clergy, gantaed at Vbslaia City, Gold HUl. and ataarman, wisbioj; to increase„^i)s income, advertised settiemeDts in ttie Wadwe Mtaies, aad ge for female pupils. Two^firis, of the ages of 8 and in porsolt of the laolsns supposed tawhelmed by the charge, denied it strenuously, buto prevent further exposure resigned his situatioBHe was nevertheless arrested and tried, and in arms, plasty dt ammuDltloii. aad 1,M0left him, andhad the elderurvTors^mestraggflng per- subsequent days.ghl tried,numberIndicted forandbeenconvicted, Hurb^ethe twoesttogand patiiodeaddress..—Wide Awakas" ate osigiaalgisof flihregaidtoorganiztiigcanoMBiBaaehhriIsg B. T. gwtaBT, Correspoadlag Beaiemy, UmUMmUfsided. Among the speakers were J. Taeasat 'Coavention met here to-day, and aoadaatadimurders. Itthe eommand of Major Oaasar thayTaraltigaaea.Thtaat 4 P.M., came opon Indlaa at tta head a( thaaccuaed and numbered lOi aaea.fane,last,OaasBi'ied, UUrapM8a4,not leas than MO, all havlaged a fire npon the troopi safe MdlngsiUce; Major OsjustthBawaaf-'aa-lhaUih' mmm%MUntitled DocumentIr*%*j'i;^Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069^M^^^ F<r^'iTaii>ir' Sia iS^r-^m--i.ii«^-J; ?^-.~•*•;:w-ww2.ful^tonh2isto£ry.^com 