'day leiated almost ezclnsiTely to tlie District ofemployesCityInspector's tobesaidiadefenceofalowone. In netbingma riots IndlanGovernmentarrang^ another of onr dlllisrenoei sritkfofsica an- Uons..'weca 1ms soughtandprisonto,hardenedSo hewas then sung, aad suoaequently tbe preacher for his text, first, from the Aftetnth vene of theOmt. M li*mimengineeringto establish a school ofnrdia^individually acknowledge its importimcs, uidamounte towertiHmander of the Knight Templan.a fine band of panled by mmie.They w«a •i 'latw tea diosehas no opposition.We forewarn them that it secret it is true, but on thatbitters for theyouthful understanding,Sout^mto Mr. HiNDMAX, of Arkansas, In theMnJetween adT'ttNMMof aBoatti of Bole and Formula ^formosttlon sorelythe pro-'Wtck and EbiriiHAB has beenmagnified bytdapifh.fSmes* .TOBK. wcaaux, Apbil % mo.Heday. It is an impwtaot contest, and efforts allow lodgers occupying rooms by the week, be shut out from kis consideration matten ^tatto^of materials harmoniringthe Uwaoft|t 9bli-||ottiplace.clearly prejudgednatfire, durabiUtyaBd adap- jvirOU TUBS (WMiklrt-9wfrom a Ministry whose in 1852, leader,example. One of the reasons forVaa<r«>feated here, th^wOlregardit asalmost con-for a new trial could— ;itcannotbeprovedthatwerenotmade Isstfllendeavortofioenlistra^ttmk other Btatea u aat;invite tiiem to take.  TkvBealthBlU.^ia _iililn«iftr Twia,Ta Oouuu;vestingto its candidate,' a bitter opponent of Democracy—do really re- rect errors, repair wrongs and obviate iojus- What each party desires is the prestige of duce such schemes as that which Lord John Uces which courte and juries may have com- victory. The contest is important mainly Busssu has now before the House of Com- mitted. The idea that a man unjustiy con- victed miist be hung, in order to vindicate th^t^e first hourness—the very problems ^hich define the rise <1» lastdaj's attack on rersCm. MiataMialfeA^w^afitantakaadiiWMdi*^ry respectablemay arguing patent•ASBUr—Tn Wmk* How or «theycase, moreover,the models andillastrations^^erewithal Dispatches from Co«» ru» >mMm. XHXAnS—Oouunv BAWir.jthe professor elucidates his old saws we tliink there as ;being In an upsettts* state,'rnaii'i'^aniTed at thia port reitorday, we hcAfVM d^f'a later newa &om Europe. The Braaaila tftrHtMa been leized at Paris for printingment and send them to New-England to earn a liviag.that inasmuch as it leaves the principle of the prcseift system ef representation untouched, itStior Mouhaas to affirm thit either the mere ferreting out Company, against the trsaslt prqjeots iafdnatthe ofBavoy. fnnraationState into any hasty actionlikely to vote opon a much broader and more rational, view of political questions than suchhaa a pobliahedthe re Mamuz- and himaelf an Admiral inThe difference £10annualvalue,under poor-lawassess-:rare, of hisHeproteat aga/nst Te8aela,-;thethereare In exile. Tbe of rejeetlOB. tteIfeiiranIT"aTy,andnyathatneithertheSara- argumentsem, aaia os London,fearnedprofessions;fourth, delvingrixpathe aind anor Wage ahowed theirwhenman who lives in a single room in a tenement-house, may in respect to exteigals, at least, as well as in ha- bits of thougfat,vbe very great; but ifThisdiffer- leally possesses any value forelectoral pur- that value is unquestiaiiably diminishedclass,IhfipillWilinil them. The two latter he iuicw be-IteJuAXis,andheattemptedtoeacape,anp- j ttat tker were towing armed boats to at- taA ViL Ha eWaatnat he Old not fire until two at Iiim, and that as soonment in an English town,ha bd fitaBBtpinBHtfttinn GoremmentOilw, which arrired at New-Or-laM* on BatKti left Harana on the 37th atarday.iiaTingn•iut>.,r«fORs that the excitement in that city re-the dumbrestraining of praetica-':er^bepurchasedat HaTanaunderfluential class of this conmuully, Iwr^ tke aU-pMB^pattingspeaking tongue iyto —It wasnotconsideredoflaffident Inn* inqwrtaaeeto talk. justify streetFifteen thirty-third degree Masoos wan toMoxmtTeraonyesterdaybythe WaddagtonIttie esvtnie of the Marin eon- expeditionairi there- with allTfcewry with athat Science may no langer shine imder a bnshel, and that Practice may no longer grope in the uncertain light of instinct and limitedelevating themultiplyingthetams^nnlibatea. It wa« denounced bytheHav-honestyIt of Lord John'smay, bill,ofCoLColtforanextensionofhis patent for the well-known rerolvers was presented.TkeBxecntioBofCrimmias.TheThe Qooae was not in session.been^ecured,eveningthe—and what apetitiondeputationaceeptance or rejectian of a petiUon for the ilrtsiini"of a State rests entirely In the Coagna discretloii.,afand remonstrances against, the locatkm of our City Hall at Hadison^qnare were presented to the JMSte Senate on S aturdsy. TheFetitlooswhichout andin thewUlConstltuUon of Kansas was ant jan-for,bills to establUft a naudcal school in this harboran'3 health be more than ever on the alert. refusing to commute his sentence, or even to direction tp the invention and resources of thepenalty for Tiolation of election l^s, and to pre- vent ancioaclmients on the harbor, were passed. In the Assembly, the bill relative to the foreclosure of the moitgage bonds of the Kew-Tork and' Erie 'Bsilioad, and for the relief of the stockholders, was passril That to conGrm the Ninth-avenue Rail-as bv the Common Council, was givenasurvey mountain,heighth the contents of a bank and theto take—spirite on.Territory, which fcongress, In 18S4. formally decided should consUtate no part of the Territory of ir-'»-nT_ bnt be excluded from its botmdaries. •These reasons form the gi«und of the oppiMltloaoB the Democratic side, to the admlsatoa of Kaasoa bb- der tbe Wyandot ConsUmtkni.^SENATE.WAsmaena, Satarday, March tl.Hr.DoOLiTTLEpresentedthepetitionofSamu^roadordered to a third reading.the Governor regarded this action on theirpart as an attempt to evade (heir owi> responsibilityin the lecture-room that the cores of cast iron columns may float, and make the casting ecthataweldorthe threadwas sent in, he refuses to " do so. Upon what ground his refusal is justi-of red-giant,Benators and Saturday.Assemblymen,the themof theInobaham, who 'tried thePalm Sunday was duly observed, yesterday, insequence?generallyshort and hot-shortmetal. Iron is iron tohim.Dr. Osanx delivered the sermon. In the Catho- lic Os&edral in Mott-street, where the Archbishopthere was no sermon, on aeepant of the slight illness of thelatter. The yooag people did not forget that it was All Fools' of those who were not inclined to bMr palms religiously, endeavored in practicaljdtessadludicrousprankstocafrjoffthepalm."*^BeT. Mr. Cobbxtt, of the Greene-street Method-&c,trict of Columbia, Mr, Baomf moved that the,Mafaiawas snnomiced toalreadyto stimulate it to action on this bill ?year,Lord JekBi Bnssell's Befomt Bill. Tosayt&latLordJohnEitssill'snewRe-sentedtohim.Soonafteratelegraphwasform bill does not meet with gtaeral approba- received in reply, to the effect that no respiteDay, |M manyGovernor,..~ .. .. pnf- andpreach,caust,atby telegraph blunders^practice and many but which should aecompany hisflagshas forfeited thecal novelties, we naturally look to our schools add colleges (or aid. We look to tliem for thewhichwas held onappointingdelaysee..Colt for an extension of his patent for a rotatlBgpistol.Mr. FiTCB made a report In &vor of ptinthig thePresident'sMessage,the ascompanylngInslroctlans,ifOlty-boroughINuu* apolitical changej—practicehim student will meet face to iacepaeaeetfiMoflainaaa an act of war. The atock of sugar seem ready and anxious to give tlitfr voteein papan'aanothing.per cent.sunuuneedthatiniormationhas shouldrestsatisfiedwiththeBi»besD iMrf«ed at the Dmaitment of State of the Rttfeatfan by the Hew-Xkanadian Qoremment of tha Ohs^otbii This forandrepresentatives in the National Councils.Mr. Vam'Wtok, whose graphic delineation repotted, "Ton damnsd seoandiel, yonoCsiaDypresent positionof the Healthlatare coald not adjourn without making it aButwemustwarnthefriends-ofthis meas- ure not to be deceived into the belief that itmannersgenUemanly instincte of iteTreaty. treaty proTides npuitiim to iajmiee anSsied by dnzena of the Vniled Btatea in the Panama riots, which occniiediaiaM.nqwCT fitsn Bnenos Ayiea to the 7tli, one daydelivered aand. Southern man, bat to everv a'n'lli— a"—at tkereceived, state that the Cuufaation to ameijd the FedeiU Constitution still cumtianti in aession. Diversity of opinion existed lenrdlDf the proper location of the Ka- tiaaalOl]iital. Bnenos Ayres and Parana eachprSTtonaly—for intellectual culturei but for intellectual achievtment of theits elahn asThe ImsiDess transacted in the Senate on Satnr-wisrgedsuperior.Ing far the adjDitmant iifililiai iil|isjirfseiin the District was Iiiasrd. and a long discussion, which resulted intiemanthe beaefit of PnbUcSchjjpispurposeof Saturday,a fimd to defeat theboasts werenooccurredonthebillproridingforaCityopenly tinctionwhichi^createdareretained. sum hadaction,Baflraad between Washington and Georgetown.requisiteIn response to the report of the Haass CoBBdMsech .whichpretendtoteachmechanicalengineer- delightfulstateofsocietytheymusthaveat Territories,whichassertsthegeneralptlnelpl«|lkattke13^1^the and Catholic churches. In known that the Health bill embraces a ^Iplscopalianof them will doubtiess be very glad to avail themselves «f it.Haslcal.Opiratic—M. Maritzek's arrangements at the;nothingvulgarto the oftheCommonCoun- AformerCityInspectorboastedthathede- lagaJiie proceediagsfunily sewing-machines from levy under an execu- on the last tion for debt* to insure the enforcement of the being taken,freguefitlycil for imprormg Bgfaty-third-street ;^to exempt feated a Health act when the final vote wasand farther,on Tuesday of next week, nominated as candidate for Superintendent of the Speaker has not yet performed the duty ofitPresident'sMessageMr. HiKET McCloskt, of Kings County, was Public Instruction, by a ^ocus of Democraticreport completebe the'public"abuse and to bullying(meaai^TheOeM>etto«tKleettoa.Tlie electioB In Connecticut takes piaA to- its— :;philoeopky ;ofaarfBi^con-baTO been made liy both pditlcal parties corre-LcgtdatlM liii tit MUrM WhrtknThe Healttipopular,be|l|l'«||gs,toas ik>iKiiMltf .v'la-ilfe.m<reconciliationandalllanca ofand theory pni-(ima l^^lieen dbehargedas he Mcoaniaecl tiie nationalltT of thehe ottbOTotke fidng to cease, ont tliat the attackOB UmwM, navothdeaa, cmitinned. Tlie steam- representing the most reapaflMi aai in- in the anmi—in the laws andportant,Saratoga Not far from threeticefor the culture of unletteredin thisdirection,'pne- —an iostito-has an oppositiononlyanticipa-acco tivedangerous, b^anse decep- decent lodgings and a squalid cottage. Insqueeze, thecostomarygreet Southern-generalto the extreme interest felt in thethey bad or lodgings"praetfeal 'MeMoakiog: o/Uiecondltions of the economi-spondlDgreaaltwith aseldom evinced in any State contest Ablemen from both parties have been brought from has not yet got further than "household other States, and have addressed public meet- suffrage," it must be admitted toat suchqtWDceWe cannot take tite same vfew as the Gov- cal generation of steam ; of its•iG^^m.-fnm(8»rt ••WyJ-WttMDBl- ings day after day, in every part of the State ;view were correct, it does not warrant the ac- cesses; of the instrnmente forpedal Dtepateh to Ibe.irewTeit Ttmi'' 'Tfce -wftofe State has been oaoTassedbearlbg upon itof and enthoslasm degne vigor,activityelections.When we remember that even Mr. Bbiohternor seems separetlon to have talnn of tke Jury's firom tiie water; of tke appliances for facilitat-recommendation to mercy ;—bat even If that ing draft ; ofthe ad^tation of tools "and pro-of pended in the canvass,have been ex- and no stone has been—them, the Governor had no right to follow their machine the very problema tttu theprayed for the immediate enactment of such a law, and not a soUtery remonstrance has beentdH^Mnr lodgCT»,ttie aammiBSjPmenntte gnini witUn ttn liniitofollowing standthe very-day practice,made against itMembers of the Legislatureing while the difference -m ;— Iw^i and iron armsstendard andbenefite of thorough engineering culture.before, predictedam h*Dd amoontail tb-~180,000 boxes, against its favor. Were we not familiar.i^th the na- but— MankxbsatthzCapital. ^Anotherinter-'vofFromtkeAasoeiatsdFieas. WAmBarea, Saturday, Matek a.A scene between two Congreaamen tide i«n tng occasions' some exettament. Mr. TaB 'Wtvk. meeting Mr. HiBsiiAB on the A^hms, keU ont kls hand In friendly reeognltloB, when Mr. wTM—»» in- fused to takeSNyPWiB store at the same time last year. ItWMMtfra reals. ^ 8}«9certainty, th^exasper-Congressional courtesies took place at Washington on Saturday, and the cotmtiy is finnished with a fresh illustration of- the refi|ae4had ~xelianse on New-Tork waa 2^3^ perchangeFreightsslightlyIt is too late to restrict tkedayThe same fate awaits the present measure atin Congress may see fit DoDoiNG. It is announced that Collector;tke proposed area embraces the Cherokee lodlaathe last moment, in spite of favorable appear-exceptiunless this secret butbe counteracted. It is a littlewhile this bill was ordered by the Assembly to be referred to a select Cununittee, with power toances,powerfulagencyIst-Kpiscopal Church, delivered a discourse last tion in England, is not saying much in cob- would begranted,and that the execution sion. It is aU very entertaining to analyse the well performances In coqpeetlon with these great 'vldlngfoi' a city railroad betweentbe bill 'Washingtonwhich was tionofthievesandabandonedwomen. Thechurch was crowded, as the detectives de-demnationofit. NoReformbillsince1S32 would on—ttigfatthe' Governor thusbimdredbottiesinthelaboratory,Georiietown was taken jip, and after a leagtky dl»- 'cussloo, ItW^ postponed tmtil S^oiday next, sad.'that day set apart for the business of &ie District- Columbia. SeveralotherMilsrelativetotheDistrict were alsq acted upon, when, after an executive sea* slon. the Senate adjourned. ,A Kew Phase of Moral Reform. , SERHOir TO THIETIS AHO ABABnONBD WOHBB. Kev. Mr. Cobbbtt, of the Methodist Episcopal Church in Greene-street, delivered a sermon last evening, designed for those classes of the commoaltydesignedfor the edifica- especialwithaaoc- casional hunt for the arsenic in the st^^b ofartists.Bakncsi's MfSKC^.—The season cotamentedbut, present clared, &w, if any, of the class particularly invitedhas; or Uiebyposition, of character, should entitlehereonSatnrjJay,bumber attendance. Mr. BAaatm made an appropriate speech, and was irarmly received. 'An attractive bill Is provided for to-night.werepneei^.The investigation in the case of the sloop Spravthat Committee.Why;sound work of the nature of iron ;Mr. Bcchanan'stiiisof nearly a week in a matter of such vitelcoo-tomoney —the professed enemies ofBenor Babajtoiabab is in UspatdwAoBtheMiramaa Bntr.vMAMMHtfrom its bearing on the Presidential eleotion. mons to that category of " moderate nieas-.—proprieties of official dignity, to resent an im-pertinence, fancied or real, towards the Gover- nor,;—is monstrous.ka've properly beenas their nameand ^tbin the hearingof the '"•"•"'«"*t«l no color, et &(, an« w«ra for :Kav- TheDemocratsregarditasofthe'utmoatim- ures"whichnobodyofsuch;be, the ablest talent vessel, were hoisted,^portance to their fiitnre proapeots that they antecedents and such fair as his very abiiiUeeshould carry it. It is the only one of the New- lordship is known to posseae eaa ever fathersoitethese very problems, and the fortunes involved. retreat^States whereF<r- with any chance of success. If they are iei SOB who had not devoted the earlier and moitiEnglandwageA mere blockheadbrilliant portion of his career to reconcilingIn thisto have been discovered upon whifeh a motionIt seems not to beam—ongcase unwilling that justice and humanity;provis-Tftnty Chorch the music was very fine, and Rev. ion for the safety of tenement houses. Does shoald be sacrified to a punctilio, united In adetails where-manythe Legislature need another human holo- stroqgever been receivedand the event was celebrated a jtiyeither FarliameBt with anything approaching to ac- clamation, and the best thing which the gen-afusing hearingeven to those whosepublicweighttheir representations to a respectful considera-'cana contest I[/With impunity.chistve of their inability to cany any Korthem the actaalities of :the — earn somebasedCourt should be in session before which such a motion could be made. This fact, together with the very great provocatton under which the act was committed, the prompt acknow- ledgment and sincere repentance of the pris- oner, his subsequent good conduct and perfect docility, the declaration of his victim's wife that she was perfectiy satisfied he bore no maUce towards her husband, and the naiver- sal sentiment of the whole thatWattBtBJjtoao»APoos State. Connecticatisveryapttovote'withoftheJust atandlor PnMeat ntaVtraST TBKATB>-Du>, am n| Dnn^i theDemociacy la State electiiMa—at leiat diBtinctlon, and achieve some small measure ;,A TAiA ar Two Onna—Tana AiciuoA.fibeirchanceof can^in^ttis mndi better than:of success, by proposing to out down the prop-^i»»VirginTnnm Hwanwin a Preaidential ctmtest There is a 'gooddeal ertyqualifibatlDnin counties to ten iuAi- poundhandsome and a mere sunl,mark byl>niiOMMtmraBa-raalai—/SAm DBAM-baa AtfOBAaa of conservatism In Connecticn^ and a very, . ings, and ia towns to six pound holdings, andwfflH^elyllarge mann&ctoring interest .vrliich de- by substitating the poor-law Taluation for the ;pends, more or leaa, qion the Sonth for county rates assessment ; but to such men aa a martcet Very earnest efibrte have been lead the present Ministry in England such.„ ^_black mechanics ofthe South oat' of employ- -with the obvious and all but fatal objection,, .or steam engines, is as absurd received building shipe lately byJudging from appearances, however, these will do--" ~-L coBtimi ^ to diplomatic usage. It waa representations do not seem to have pro- radicals who make this question theirWhen, in thepelled a:ge, each fimction of daily life is in somewillmakeamansound lawyer. And the American graduate, be received.nothing to pacifyI tiikt tks ibmtntr waa aboat topablish duced any very marked effect. The prospect pet hobby, and to whose exertions it is un-to TBOimNSL'8 Dispatch ina^reat^ "Tlfdeehuatkm that Fnnce would ratify .dte•''•i-^**^ctCentralItalytoPiedmont. We baire the text of the official proteat of the SnisiTlilVilapirofimminent enoagh to alarm the people of thedoubtedlyvowing that the new measure was ever brought forward at all. Moreover, the more the property Qualification is lowered, the lessabolishing Slavery, probably,for new firom theand when, at the same timedoes not seem;practicable scheming of^inventoraand they are;fitted,The whole of theit will inorease the tureoftheinfinenceawhichfinallydefeatsuch ationofthatlargeclassofEaglish'artisansmeasures as aim togood ' by supplanting unworthy officials, weexperience.revolutionizing—unt the moretionof a 'Cordialand to salutetions.tha 0»- partment of State that the Cass-Henaa Trsety bn- tweea the Tlnited States aad .New-eraaada, imrM-bill,andbelievpthat thisLegis-and who, while the price ofIt, mCtiat oie of ths wesdi, miaaccomplish great publicwhom the property qualification excludes from the exercise of the suffrage, though they pos- sess every othet qualification in an eminehtathe whole world with ite bene-singularthatScHiiL had somevestigating Committee, but that since thewaa continued on Saturday, at Jersey City, before eral verdict has ever said of any of them has tion, especially in a matter relating to the ad- foundry, collect and analyse the contents of the, United States Commissioner Vboox. No eviuence been, that it might have been worse. The ministration of justice. On the arrival of Hr. chimney, and tell }ke groping eounting-roo(aof violence was adduced. A further examination most ambitious attempt in this direetioa of AsHMiAD— of the doop was made, A revolver with one bar-Faba Seaday. COHHElIbBATION OV THK OAT.',made to. alarm this interestThe beat thing that can be said of the new Wood has presented to the mechanics of the Eaglish Reform biU ia that it wiU, If enacted, State very startling pictures of the ruinous tmdoubtedJy add largely to the nomber ofwould be but this ia all that can be said la its subjected, voters ;old works to their collections, at any costThe stadent of machinery in our scientific schools, as they average, is very little -better prepared for his calling than if be had confinedbydiatmioB and consequent rain, and Hayorcommunityhis crime did not deserve death, should hav« induced the in onr to havemenaces ofdistinction is nocheap longer possible.to whichwhen the abolition of Slavery shall turn the favor. On the other hand, it baa to contendGovernor, judgmentgiven the case much mere candid and dispas- sionate attention than he seems to have be-"iiiigiil^inrto.«ncompetitiontheynot, and all persons hav- ing over $800 in the Savings' Bank, to vote atpropositions as these, emanating fromtheopes.this time theautographsCcngreu tafcia riace laA^gn, .h Canthe Gonstitotionto restoreBemberaofWatt or present ProfWenalPraMsalt MtTBDOcE would bring a fabulous price. We nia Frovialonal aathattttM aia aelwould -suggest to antiqnaitens that they visit eatitioB aad piadeace, leftii^ fltesome of our imiverafties, and add these rare power not aetiteUy neeeaary to pst tat opmtknlkepoliing-booths ^migfatbyago.cartoons of great engineereand artiste are in grasiwlU eonvene early la May. Tkan an k« demand. A letter of Fulton is 'worth a very proeslaeat eandiilatea for tha Tiaetkiiin. bet ttais to be said in ito favor.between a nuui who lives in a house rated atstake in thecoontqrifkMi^wortk inteBigenee'Wttr, and elotking tkn lavalpable of public spiritinformation and the ennalp tjfi|Mli>ritirjjwneeded—^which shall lead—or a per-new facte ware saidoo.,^And „0^We have already expressed the opinion that CaiHUDia,whowashongOnFriday,didnot iitstruction,justthatthe Capital,strongdeserve his fate ;and thatGoy.Moboan,bypracticebringminority,presentthefollowlacwithhimself, well a hundrednigh yearsUrn. Tha dacttoathose of thestump speaking,and withthestatementthatnogronadsfmpiotaat<a to his own reputation for firmness and consis- rehash of the old and literally stereotyped of the session. tency. The circumstances of his refusal con- rules of the books. Here is a young man whopostpone its execution, had sacrificed justicestudent.But thecourse" is tooof thewhich they may be subjected, if they should pre-sume to say anything in debate^ to which any ficlent population as required by lawn nmmmft^ir ^fi"^W^T"^^TSS?ri*H«^^r?n7»w <^r yei^gom <3«iti> JftwAag; ^twHI !> mbj. thanan,ofcultivationandintelligence,totake ConrtdesiredtomakerepreaentttioMnpoa motloM,andtheirdtgreesitizensblp waa high,- bme with the allies of civilization. There is, indeed, a grimloss of it with a tolennly good graee, .^gnity in the old fashioned regime of classicalwhich it will Require their united efforteto overcome. It was rumored during the past high property qualification, there is litUe or It devolvesweek that theCohnsMa. A biU granting certain Tots of land for Department had been heavily taxed, for the the latter theuponuniveraities,"Touscoimdref,"istheof theavowedHealth ^ill. Qi>made in the sti«ets that theandlastin charge of the precious treasure was to setsail for the Capitol.Let the friends of clean streets and improvedraising;thebnt who, now that it' Js proposed to bring it to their very doors, will certainly re-, quire some better xeasOBS for Its being jrith- heldfrom them than the difference betweennegroes commwided him to thetime making a movement with his laS kaalMr. Tab 'Wtcb's face, as If addltlwally to laaalt kbn.Wasbdmtob, Smiday, Apdl 1. The CoHstitiUion makes the official aaaonnen-short, whatever may be said in defence of a' citizens on'accoont of Injariet raeetved In the'Pan-is eaerificed, while aQ the obnoxious and galling ineidente of the dis-principlefromArkansas;firm this conviction. It will be rememberedthat the jury, feeling constrained under theruling of the Court ^ find a verdict of guilty, strain on a girder, and he is a Civil— But he has not been told stiU recommended him to mercy, and that Engineer.by throwing;Itappears,maythat blacksmith'sbegin- scrapImminent,Judges JudgeSupreme Court,—him.moreover, that en Thursday last,centric and unsafeof a screw in a tension roduponwhen the doom of the unfortunate man became ning of a fractoreThereareathousandlike the tliree we have had this placed in the hands of the senior counsel laxly incommunicative, which he leamssill's will undoubtedly be either approv- that his mind was made up, and had been for to test and purify their ironsThe AptU Term of the Court ef General Ses- ed or condemned. In both of them ten days, and. that nothing would induce him steel of this mixture at a decreased cost Why the usual solemnities. In the Episcopal and RomanwasWiiloamed to 11 A. M. to-morrow.;was celebrated yesterday withsions will commence this morning before Recorder the tliat principle,it In the conver8a>- not facilitete and establish the habit of practi- subsequentCatholic Churches there were appropriate serrtces. In tbe Catholic Churches branches oi palm were Ois-(malebeyond the pale cf religions influence or moral seaU-should beBAaxAlD, who has a heavy calendar^of 115 cases greaUy enlarged, and that the House of Com- tion which ensued. Gov. MoBGANwas under- cal experiment, perfect the ways and^ meansareunable to agree, and are still out.The speculation in the Stock Market at the closecapacity. A large number of detective PoUcaBsa stated that on the same day very many of the results, the correction of mistakes, the exposi- Trinityvenerable Rector Dr. BsauiW, assisted by Dri. services, informed our reporter that,80'farastikeyof last week carriedbeen known for several months on New-Yorkandrec-with bios forcibly, but Without effect.and tion of sh—ams, and the measurement of cause Ouubt and VmroM, officiated at the morning services, could discern, there were not more earnestly ThetmatyCentral and the Western sharesGovernordayi. Rev., Dr. Bxasias repeated on this occasion7»i ^They agree,in short, inconcedingthe ne- had made his mind. upand conceived in sin."This was followed by a prayer from the pastor, la>yoking the .^Imighty to direct him in the dlaekai(e tt the duty he had undertaken, aad begging that the hearts of his bearers might l>e IncUnad tolearatteprices higher than they haveyears have'witnesaed, ognized.isfullyfranklySenators expostulatedas^ the which were slightly different from those of other Sun- mauvoM svjeu of either sex presentezeK "Central, 79i<2>were unsettled on Missouris. In Money, the em- cessity for a much wider distribution of thefiajmefA on temporary loan improved with the •ctMty aatonf the Stock Brokers.The 'market for Flour and Wheat was inactive.but as th'e restiess brain great unknown.of some branch ofof the worldhim on the fifttetk anniver- of his ac:;eMioE to tbe ministry, which hu been;cent.; Rock Island, m. The State 6tock8sors,the sermon preactied bywe are vilew somewhat unsettled. Corn was Prices iseof sometwenty boys of salvation. Another with tkalower rates. OatsCome, hniable sinner, la whoae bmst, A thonsand fears rentve,"the measure of theafter. Hay. Linseed Oil Toryanddesperatescoun-practicalin it as a business for life.ton seem to' htfye recovered their^equanlmity words, can in no way be so well described as vestedter the learned professions."dodijefons tt thefingdoaoi youjwithout fear of results.In charging f5 a day for mere board, and com- aIt existed at a time within the memory,perhaps, of some men still living. The won- BODiSAxiis, wBlch is said by amateurs of the game lions"—sin, outward aln. And what tnea? Then thachargesThey persist his dwellingasplay, Intbe notes to a game by MoDowau. and La- ^uape came what were called yoothfal indlscra-all who take rooms to weekbeforeIheConventionmeets. AtChi-economies ofwas driven from society;thenpellingderfiilhighafter plunge into crime and what »•• ;ebaoffcd.1i^-.'< ipreparaUons,inseparablyfull and fairinquiryinto all the circum-Professor beginspartially demonstrated by' ^^^^^soul fast in his tlavisli chains. —A-, k_ _!. »li. continuation,this hardened ocndJi«U'on«''£rAb,e"h"'JSKi?'jJS^e constituencyto changeto dispose of. The March Term, before JudgeBU88SLL, has lasted four weeks, but, with the ex-ception of ShiphabdIs second trial, the cases have basia, to enable it to retain its relative position jury to mercy constituted the strongest reason bring the great science into daily and wide-week comes Easter Sunday, the limit of the Lenten season.ment. A large concooite, principally of gentleaa,of getting an insighi into live schemes, aydbeen unimportant. The jury in Shkpbabd's trial in the Government in the face of the immenae why mercy should not bo granted. It is also spread utility in the reachlnfi out after better An exceedingly large congregation assembled at were in attendance, and these, at the close of Iksmons must have a much 'wider and morepopularstoodtosaythat the recommendationbythewas and crowded, the Church toltsotaort present,increase of the Peerage which thelast tliirtyChurch vesterdav mornliig. _but difi>r as to the manner in theydesire not to commit the fault of some of bisby a too lavish exercise of thefrom execution black-Themuslc in Trinity Church Is, we believe, of a different character.from that of any other Episcopal Church in the City, there being so female singers infranchise,which this distribution shall be made, and aswhat shall weto the classes who shall bepmdiaa^d at, however, attract- it. , Strange as it may seem, however, more than once been done, by opening theTheespecially that of the anthem,was"The Lord deUverethfaynm, begmalngfreely M man attantton. Groceries and. Provisionsmade^heand men.singing yesterdayveryChancellor ofWhlakywere in &ir demand. Hops, Metals, the Exchequer was thoroughly dem- drels' whom law and justice had at last over-Kaval Btorca, Biee and Tallow were quiet. The ocratic inpredecessors,objecteof pardoning power. Great public wrong hassaydoorqits meats and its ends, while taken, and by rescuingi«a< thir- enters a University which advertises a At the Romas Catholic Cathedral In Mott-street, a teenth chapter of Proveibs: "Theiray oftbetrsiiosf-freight engagements were limited. There were that of the self-asserted Reformer of ia hearted about whose character and SOT vessels of all classes in port. 183^ murderers,cbsentially cautious, preeminently conserva- guilt there 'was no room for a moment's doubt.^ MraiciFAL DioHiTT.—The people of Charles- tive, and if it can possibly be defined in two But the pardoning power still exists. It is"of life," and who do not intend to'en- mon. He, assisted In the celebration third verse of the chapter of Mattnew.the Constitution in the Governor, ConTeation by calling it a barren compromise. Mr. Dis- and he has no right to refuse to exercise itbywill positively be held there. The Courier RABLi proposed, for the first time,todepart whenjusticeandthepublicgoodrequirehimto poinUess,becauseunappliedp)dlBcuiingthefiratquouUon, becauseof Uie Uinsgresso? was hard J" '<»?"'hu been decided thfttaays tiiat the citizens will feel dispoeed from the time-honored"make-"all necessarymany of them would not contemplate under associated with the possession of a house a stances that may render its exercise important theduress,asitwere,oftheveryinsultingand wholehousefromceilingto cellar—andwhich andimperative. TheGovernorhasnorightto Impndent menaces of a change ofIfl rattier amuaing. Theprobably go back to their scale of extortionate unless he be in a position toof time, after draggingelemente, he comes to the atesm-engine.close,sion \Veek,''-w!U be highly Interesting, and on Easter aiidcSSdwSto?Sireu.a state of at 3 P> M., the Rev.aince it^eand uniUustrated The with the nature of steam as the early experi- traces the history of Savebt and Niwcomw ; briefly alludes to the recent prac-by a Ivge number of communicants. The services "—nowto^which which the privilege of a vote Uand still less has he any right to refuse^"W^^th^cBritish tradition by doso;Eve, (next Saturday,) Right though that bondage "t-h'aKt?'S^at°a'n'b*oJo^na!it?heSiea"p^tJl;n Provisional Bishop will administer the rite of con- vras nevertheless trueTh£ fives no man credit for a stake in the this of the Constitution, or toplace."hotel-keepers will eotmtiyhaving and a real interest inexpunge portionits welfare, evade the duty and responsibility""an inaccurate description of the steam-enginew^f SBd totMBk this came unrcstrahied lanmae whaa rnitfIted to pursue a different coarse. What then fber of this popular journal Is a specimen of pawn- of the heart and of uaiestiataad laa- After the sins "whiA de- itafter togiving somebody hall» grossest 'wrong to the community, humanityMoapBT, In the New-York Ltigcr. In the last num- wr^nV afternotice. Mr. Disraeli proposed, and to himself, announce that his mind is made pay for them a in short, for the first time in the his- lip, beyond the possibility of change, so longtoryof super-heating and of mixingbyveiiient to associate with htm in the editorthip °'thesocietyyear'soccorrea steam greatiy ex- to be unsurpassed In skill and'lnterest. Mr. Slospur^ transgressor r-change vtjves uponhim. Nor can he, without theoftheBritishConsUtutftntodispense asanJthingremainstobesaiduponthesub-;panded ofthesteam-jacket preventing famishcontributions letter,ithasbeenfound coc-obligedbybe had outraasd to matecago, on ttie contrary, it is announcedprioea of board at the hotels wiU remain un- usage had understood it, and to allow that of Gov. lIocoAs returned the aiiswer reported,^' chess department, W. G. A. Fotisa, Efq-. w"o nasb<*nfor his offences. Had not this J?* Tkamen ofhonest industry, of fixed residence, and, better to the message tliat tiic Judges of the Supreme innumerable variety and adeptetion of nJve- cajiadty, to reply to chess corre.ipand«als.thatthe withithepropertyqualificaUoi^ffsallintelligence;•previous jectbyand position. IfcOTdensationpure and wet steamUntitled Documentthesnbject, heInthelrtiie cuedensationof Uieofpropoaed, in «tlier words, toschoohnaaters aoi pMamia^tt men, sAether 'wkicb might b4v«>n«W oTtte wtt^tfhiam^ '4ombnstton with the neceasiUes oftion which he tookevade responsibility properly belonging to essentia], important and interesting details ofWiiHsiw aniH.Aiai u .—immense sumsK M« »«««» fcrTwttn«mi». .lny left unturned by either party to secure success took office in the avowed character of with the pardoning power is that he may cor- he undertakes'the oursult of his chosen busi- c«i.R,3arwuifDaBded,tat»el airts«|MHh»>it>t-has taken the foremost rankfits, amonguponit If theJurydid er and effect and of the manifold ;and mostand arespite was desired nntQ thethey'stoweduponit ,Pmctieal Science in Sekools.mere machine-shop practice will fit a man for to be inpopularfavor. SeveralprotaMs have beau. from Um flU4of a development steam-pro-of intricacies in Greek construction or mere the Nlcaragaaa Congress. These wenmeasure dependent upon the arte of engineer-1—when every branch of coomierce andbothbecauseofthe insufficient and quantitythe inappropriate quality of his instruction, isKI8CKUAHI0D8.Seitor Zisabba is lafbtiaed, throo^ allelal 4^ingduction ismate motorsfailure cute short the career of most of the new inventions which swarm from the Patent Office, and the unscientillc practice, or the im-pro- calling help inani-ing. Many of them embody, in the system ofinducement isrecommendation to wbioh was en the text books and professors are singuadopted*mercy,for, the defence to be submitted to thewho <wa8 informedthat such a recommendiition would be pre-' strictiyWinter Garden have been completed, and be an-com'mence op Monday next, .when Mme. Fa£dri will The bill granting certain lots of land T&r the beaettmakeherdibut,assistedbytbeneirteno/;Slgnor ofpublicschoolsintheDlstric^*tofColombia,was 'as well asWhy nol go right down to the steamer, the engine-house ahd'ihe«(_govirtuallyre-the counsel referred to—atlel loaded, a donble4iarreled shot gun, a dsguer- late years was Mr. Disiiaxi.i's, and it is by a he was met at once, evata,. before his case was dollar^' worth of fuel in th^ shape of unbumed The anniversary, so hallowed to the memoriesleotypts * V^ of silver sleeve buttons, fifty pei)- comparison -with this that Lord John Sus- stated, with the declaration from the Governor combustible gases ; and show the founders kow and devotions of Catholics and Episcopalians, of the nies atn some vermilion were found. The case . day on which the Saviour entered Jerusalem, previ-Albany,forso.manylynomistakes of conomission as of omis-OaaASi. Mme. and M. Gasshs will give their fare-taken up and passed.lastby longscientificculture, oringit and Q^int-»^a deliberately poisoned dog.and effect not preconcerted by profes-Isaa were commenced by tbe singing of the hymn, LoidiTheWe can understand perfectiy Gov. Moboah'b brings them up in new shapes, fresh from the bseafroyre noticed.But neeringof Mechanicalin schools ? Here is a young man who the choir, which is composedEngi- wishes to be liberally educated in tiie sciencepursuits "" twenty-first VerilyIsaynntoyonthatthepubUcansand aarMxa;;iongand favorably been known lu the punlic- this house t»-i>i«*'J wickedntu of the ttdef on tbe cross kaaas a confidence in mechani-Interesting dlspatehes here announce that It Isto tke Saidialaa t&e|llxeddetenBlBeiloaifT»^of and the history ^ience,tical science of the highest orderto threeat an equal depth into the great unknown, andand a decoction of Greek roote isculture,capitalbut there is a field notaffection of tiieseems. Indiscreet enough to extend his handalliance ofandout to thetoof broken heads, aouri, of thepracticalofficials that here and now are wasted so manyofvariable cut-oflbofthejiiationto tuts course of many latheory give shapeaspirante iprospectCongressionalat the time of such application, Mr. Claxxb, of Mle-can a field and measure the of one'of the fiery"iron is jiot homogeneous, and will not makeingenuityThe little difficulty yesterday between Masm Tanin' the not lessand rather more intricate theme of dynamics. blood waa at once aroosed, and Southernhighest order,comprehensive,'Withour schools andnot only to fit the mind for work, but to stt.itatwork. Whatisthefactinthecase?Our schools of Civil Engineering and Chem-ehivalry wasin arms.gave emphasis expression of feelipg in an insulting movement istry are, on the whole, far in advance of those towards the fkce of Mr. Van Wtck. A trulyworld instead of gressin the 'wake of —which shall far in advatnce ofof the of burningSouthhasnet ^o only 'T~'t'~irpolite rejoinder;while the left hand of thetogen- thisI85S;has been ratUadbyheldhonors,twealyd noses, and perforated bodies, to say poiidtdocuments which he intended to submit to the Congressional In-how to make* ous to his ciudfixlon,With anotherimportantfied It is not easyplea of impunity from investigation can scarce-cover subordinate officer,ly every thoughmeasuring pow-"^ TRB BOKBABmcBar mr ^MU. enn. ttaildefeat to the latarteMuw of Ihe An —what does he learn of these 7 Not so much *^>>>tiUstramers. Tt Is an shsigea tl^l Ok Jof the steam engine from infancy to manhood»rj ^professor's in the land isitvoice,in the especial sympathyspeechWashingtonnounces a rehearsal for to-morrow. The season will floor this day. Agreed to,SERVICES AT TRIKITY CHCRCU.th,eB««y.Wler Sir—Coi«»odoT«MAii« eeaaad concerning reeiBBed It la detewse wfatianew Govetmnott. , THB TBABBIT. bLetten to fbe Stats DepeitaatBmnKT aa earaestly to endeavotliigsitrightsoftheoldCanalCompaay. Allthis attention to the classics altogether. And ositioos will be lubiBtttad to thkto say that either mere intellectoal cidtnre or traoidlnary aesskm. The Cautr airaBgeasntltNliforpractical sciencepatches frdm Pern, that there Is bo between that Repobllcfaad BoUvla,daagervery poorlypursuits.must be acquired out of college, and the publicstiffen for it in the failure ofworks, and in the tardy progress of the greatarte of which the solid foundations should belaid in our schools. Here is an opportunityfor our colleges, and encouragement for onr Emperor, to receive 0ie Italian States imiiiMlng an- liberal townsman, who has already gone so farespeciallyengineeringdelegation, 'was, itThe thanfine,— way verse, "large audience stsembled at WH o'clock. In anticipa- gressor Is hard ;" next, fron the forty-second verjs practical "course" for persons desiring that tion of hearing a sermon from Archbishop Hdoucb. the twenty-third chapter of Luke: "And the trneiembarkingculture which shall fit them forthe active'His Grace, although present, was too unwell to said nnto remember memechanics, beforetke souls of his servants."8IBVICIS AT 181! CATHinilAI. IN MOTT-STBEKT.Jesui, Lord,preach, and consequently there was no ser- eomest Into U>y kingdom ;'" and i^^f-^'^i^lT.however,Induecourse of High Mass, and passages from scriptureswere read by Father McEvor, of St. Mary's Church. shall intbover the soulless and At itsthe Eucharist was partaken of Holyhe»rg«<rf tb«tttas way _ atthischurchfortbe ensuingweek,knownas Pas- wUlTundSrtinSng,conscience, Aff"'"?'* '^fAfirmation.. ,**The Game ef Chess.A new impulse is being given to tbe royal gamementerstice of Wait, and closes the coumc 'with of chess by the chess -column, conducted by Paul UZi ti^^ThebigiB- to feel;m^ht M^edjaada^for behigln New.Orleans, and of course compelled tojplunge Thentbepoorfinner was the l»ws «ai-.EiiAairaL,inspiteoppoattioBofthe ftmekbrtoagu, to.AVTAIBS IBof w« dlisbalty originates with a fewiesllssa apMtsiqmlaas claims Is considered as finally settled..Toanexation to Sardinia. suitof theAnother war may p» tke i»-Um ment that information has been reeetvad attke Ne^Oraan- and thus has beCB ssttsfsdoriirTheseated to Congress In accordance with law,the English bill,) but In derogation thereof; that It does not appear that there is v^lthln her limits a aaf-ofand ths Georgetown be admitted to:which wasThe regular order of business pertaining to the Dis-After minor thej3assanN>f.several bills,and female) whfch are aa generally regarded"'I'"',, ;52? Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com..V-t 