 , IjI I 'i^Mr. BonuB, of Virginia, (Arasileaa,) from the for it the Demo<-rattc creed, true to the doctrine of nun- In- in opposition tu the amendments of Messrs. Davis and Committee oo Military AfUr*, reported a blU to»=-IIj'II•oaapclled toacting the party.The German Republican Convention met at 2 P. M. The bill for the relief of AnsoB Dait, Superinten-Mr.DocoLASpioceeded:Theseextractswillshow Mr-RicBABseoB,theleaderoftheKansasbiilInth* that the issue was preclsely[8s 1 have stated. Mr. Clat House, and indorsed the support given bUa by the snsweredthe objection at>out there being two construc- Democratic members of Congress. Tbe AlabamaHe was fortions to this docuine of non- intervention. Convention of 18S6 construed the Kansas Newasfcanon Intervention by Congress, and no restriction Mil just as he did, and Instructed the deiegalae to upon the Territorial Legislature, then leaving It to Cincinnati to withdraw unless a platform tie adc^ed the Court to decide wtiether tne Territorial enact- in conscnance with this view. He tt<K}i on that olat- ments were constitutional or not That was tbe posi- forin now, yet Alabama iiow seceded t>ecaa«e tbe asa-jjJ ^ili»"*Taad what rendered it would submit. We said to tbam, raa. but should the attempt distinctly thtehendoctrine whichandthestilSlendaetnooruncferso.m more necessary to express an opinion was that the have erred oa this qnestltm, we wO"IAlttohgoloigahtoil*> wte j^ nMJ^ihM*rroBtheAsaociatedPreaa.CnioAao, Tuesday, May IS.fore 1 am not entitled to fellowship iu the regular Democratic organixation. I am aware that somebama, 9 tetts, 12 ;Arkansas, 3Kentucky, 1.qaaaMa.olevery train, evernia, 26;Maryland,6Virginia, 17facts. Whenthe came thefrteadiof Party togetherwmtwaTisfa- -J «•ilt'-.l -f t SSTftTJUIidSlSKyBNTION.NEW.TORK, WEDNESDAYPRICE TWO asH're. dor those eircamataaoM^ half' a m!Ulo« eiBHMto DdagatMlB.Heoscs pecialDispatoktotheHaw-TorkTime*.WAsmBOTOB, Tuesday, May Kou nooBU OH tax bio obahdb.uUs you frankly what tka world anew before, that to the Convention next day wllh a long pro- to know whathar or not tk**a r«^ml*sln—h ajjiiEippOflSBLKiloh to tli« Haw-Tork CmoAOO, ToMday, 11»Ta oowd of people mired «H3»y byha* come to his rescue, that he now isandfor withdrawing from the Convenaon. I may here but the country believed that ik* taiaMl emlsf1^ Md »n biuy ainaalDCpoe*. In th* first place, to Invite the attention sfche Berate to the faei that this doctrine of nort-latervsn. tioD by Coiuresa with Slavery in the Tamtorle* of the United Slate* wai brought dbtlnetly before theI have as mnoh adatratlon as one man for any Uving,his surpassing abllitv and high social qaalitiea, and the boldness aad nerve with wnieh he avows his prin- ciples, altbongh X shiink with horror fross the eonse-i^ooTM w" *•s-'e s<fOaoai^Rio Grande, and had been seen near Rancharo Gar- American people and the Damocratle Party la 1U7, quencesto which bis principles would lead the Re- and placed her foot upon it In Alabama/lbsha, below Reynosa, and six mile* from the river, with a view to Ita decision by the ConvaattoB of 1848. public. [Mr. PucB read the report of Mr. Yasobt, and led ofif^, sustainedtSS^ tg0g^ CaaveattoEilei >^M» wieelntlim MaateM«Mh irrr*"»** pneeSouthern and for so Northwestara Democrats to receive againr,Ohio is all split Dp. They pretendparty which bears date Dec. 27, 1847, and tells the Senate, there is the whole argument in favor of Inter- ConvenUon, and Alabama like lUsslsstpntMa MrrirtMeyiadoeriy.XhvMMnI eaadldatu, by their fiotors,haTeof potlrioa.canCilDIDlTB.!»• theefiecis OBtbe of andidea theaproclalmadaad nowhaU'T""Tfrsm—.It.thdr ooninU-leader of the Delegation. ladlana is moetly for Batis.the»fJf1l"e'i7d*s'': ^°-Penn-,th* d*I*|a-.''wllh itnagen from (U nc- mijials is for LncoLa. Missonri gfaes lor BAia*.the Senator. She rebuked thUdoetHneofla'*rm^Fwho eqwct by eatdde prewnreto regard Siw- with 10men, thoughby the same body of man wImhB his Is said to consist of The Senator ha* referred to a letter of Gen. Ca** rcsoluUoBS.] It will be observed in this report lately attempted to break up the Charfasti^ItekoeeasioB to refer k> Baonaaioa's ilie, cnaracter, aadacUerments,lamosthonorableterms.to the eftjrts ol theNicholscn letter la at* kaad as th* «aa*a** br wideh~test accompsnled with a raaointkm. I shall ask tbebe sastained and the UolaB*arad,o( kailiw MmIV aetioti of Tirgtoia thU aRemoon,h«» causedha,of Hr.Convrbtioo in 1893anaOen. Piiics was eleced aaA-'Tn- righte. Also geatleman <ram K*ata<d7a flatter in all ranks. This delegationPresident of the United States upon this same aessce hedged the npport of th*ir Siala*. Th*qpti*toi*olo«h been openly and boWly on aow promises that IB case the rote becomes TeryWMagainaffirmadnytheCoBgieis nextdaytk*platfomwa*adopladlawUehtU*doe- trlne of noB-tnterventten wa* alBraad.eloae, VirginiajKMie him filtecn Totes.t&fro»Bway."^Ti»"pi;ipi; of the SiMomSSm^'I!!for Seward, but wlUdocUneTotlng, and in that wayreciilne, and Itof the United States In the Kansas and Nebraska bill of IMO, and bad Ita first trial and vlaMed IU first frulte upon the plains 01 Kansas In 1855 aad 18541. Tnese lacU are substantially and positively affirmed by the Senator irom Misslsslopl, aad these facts olsprovs and refute thethen thatA new ticket U gstning some .trength,Lmoou. andehargaso oMaamade la tba laat year.few waek* aflAwaro*, and wboi th*Tfe^-F»s>»»beleg beensentfor,andwlUbehereinthemorningtoman-.age his own case.At the Tarions caucuses this erenljifwith a view to my eoademnatloa, and th* raanlt of hi*search is to prodacs the most eoncluslva and Inooa- TcnUoDlsts and Northern Intarreatloolsts ware, bf MlsMsMppI—b«w wa* it with hi* npaal >.. testlble evidence tliat his ebargs of my having changed that platfwm, put on an equality. Aflar that Mr. people ? The coaatiy ha* not forgoltea, aad wlUmZ''^tloss stood as followsPennsylvania a unit for Gea. Caaaaeii.New- York the same for Mr. Biwaas. WisDoaainandTaimoatforMr.Siwabd. Massachusetts divided between Messrs. Siwus,:Biau and MoLia*. AOn a aeTer* struggle, theydetermined to standI da not doubt the itarhiaffBT of iktMr. Sswasd until it was evi-wUl cast a -Adjutant-Generalnot,then combated, la not so mateilal as to find out whichpersonal disrespect to Mr. Yasobt. Weare old personal friead*. We met as members of torbydent he could not be soraiBBted. They from CoLCooPUl has received a dis-to th* Union, or Us deroiibaai ito. 1train*. The Tmriooi del«g»- full compUmentary vote for Ban*. A»»ro« te the patchof Texaa, in wbkh he *ay*New-Yorkdelegation. Messrs.Ratbobd&Wsbb providetotaweeklymail,at$200,000peryear. Aatsiieaa queatton, and wound up with a met In friendly terms in the Committee room. The Committee also took up Mr. HDBPBUi'g bill,for tike bill declared that the Terriioriesshouldbeleftfreetodo> the; pleased under tbe Coostitntlon—the Coait* to a vote of nearly two to one, In the Compromise determine the meaning of the Conatttntion. N*a- Mr. DoDSLAS proceeded. Here Sir, we find this mtasuies of 1B50. Mr. Dodolas referred interventicn by Congress was the dosntn* of theItrthem,and1forthem. 1that this doctrine was fully oitcussed and affirmed byof thethat CongressHr. Stwaxd's poailioB oa the Nativedeem it to show myduty;should for never interfereto,expreisly stipulatedthat Aa oldTblawaa agreed to.Pennsylvania of-aaadldaey.faadCatatt,BaxxbaadMcLiab. Illinoisnamed publ'.cans"The knife is eightwhich was afterwardsto Mr. UovAab, Re-given:good legislateways meet a Pitob engagement." loooLB, Caxibsb aad Babxs. New-Jersey gave feet long.Messrs. Adams and Anderson of Kentucky, Davislagdrawn a that can do no- nearly deserted, owing to the members going to the have up protest,stating tbeyIBichmond Honse this afternoon. Gen. Wub, of the i1 have no assaults to makeAvxr; Mr. AaaBtiB, of Masaacbnsetts, and Mr. / athobb, of the Tiais, were their guests. In re-Rcssiu.Loss(8,0C0,which l3 uninsured.this connection sometblng I dislike, to quote from my own speech, to show I held the same position then as BOW.9^*e to some severe speeches about Hr. Gbbslst wIk> was aat preseat Mr. Ratkohs defended Hr! Gaaaui from the impstatlon of selfishness, and vin- dicatei his right to act as th* best interests of theLETTERS FROM CL.VY AND SUMVER.record as made for himself. I do not complain of and hence he was then unable to seduce MississippiMr. PrOH read extracts from the speeches of Mr. DocciAS.alsoextractsfromthespeechof Gen.Cass,seemed to require.The Michigan Central Railroad took th* Massa-Mt Diai Sia : I regret mucti that it will not be in it be for me aico to refer to theserved at the hotel, Seward were tlon, whose aiity it will be to organize victory.a'tenipted to be forced on the Democratic Party as a political Issue, Upon a former occasion, when forced into adifcu.'slon nith tbe Attome>-(ienerai of the United States, 1 did amuse myself with the discussionsuocg spaeohes aaade, and a salute of thirty-three guns were fired Inhi* honor.Mas* meetings were held this evening io front of PlIU Paoi, Esq., and S- E. Wuuams, Esq.aa Brigfs House and the Richmind House.Mr. GaaaLBi has made a great sensation here. He la surrounded by a crowd wherever he goea, who be-fVom ifon. Cojjiu^ M. Clay.Urn into a conversatlOD, which inevltabl) becomes a speech ere he close*. Some foolish wag plxmed to his eoat tall a paper baaring the inscription, " Forat IDe of our Wigwam in Cal- opening Republicancajo on the 12th Inst, and to make a "speech." Nuihii.g would give me more pleasure than to partlcl- pa'c 111 the honors of the occasion and enjoy the so-from Mississippi, (Davis.)The Clerk read several extracts from Mr. Davi3'tion of con intervention, as now supported bj myself andbfiiiined by the Democratic Party a*. Charleston,to make my vtnolcatlon to my people. Tne country knoKS that history as recordsd, and the m->de InTbe House resumed thecons-ceraMuuIpeoplein behalf of a compromise on Tbe New-Y'ork delegation have a sUk flag dis- appropriating (150,000 for a Post-office aad site in " and Instructed tae ChairmanMr. Poaa read the resolutions—Mr. L. Q. C. La- HAa's name being among the signers.appealelessobjectionableman. Mr.Kauoso,ofMast-moved that each delegation present the which, la its opinion, were the best for theplayed, bearing a likeness of Sewau>, with The Brooklyn, unanimouslyUnion" as a motto beneath.In the Missouri room a monster bowie-knife is exhibited, bearing on one side the inscription, "A present to Jobb T. Foitsb, of Wisconsin, by the Re.of Missouri."defined the doctiiiieol ^on-interventiondistinctly byto the bringing in of the^ Territorialbillsbill ;aaj Introdoce, arohlUt crthat at 0ie fourth he will be and Babz** stock rise.droppedThe general impression ontslde of the Seward New-York present, as a general thing, are warmly Certain departmental commuiucatious were re-at any other time;will carry him The through successfully.latki Is, that If SiWAU is dropped, an outsider will kare to be taken up.In favor of Mr. Siwabu Tom CoawtB is spoken of for President this afternoon.eelved.that he does not desire the position, but ha would not feel at liberty to decline It if ofiered. HI* aticngth In the New- England delegations Is very giaatj In fact he is the first choice of many who areheard.On motion of Mr. Peon, the bill amendatory of theact to establish a Territorial Government in Utah was taken up.After some discussion the subject was postponed until Monday nextParty at the North. In that Convention, on the sippi brings In judgment against me now, except one Southern men changed their opinloas he had bo fanit first ballot. Gen. Cass received sixty-six vo'es vote which I gave under mstructions. This debate to find, but If tbey had done so, tbey ooght hoaaallrwailka<2WBto vote for Mr. Sawass through fear of dis-and for several hours he uncoa- cial leunlnu of filemis, and share tli<; patriotic fer- sciously cairied the irrepressible badge with him.Wm. H.Ssvabs,"hundred andse.ven votes ; necessary to a choice, one hundred and- infiamed, and civil war was anticipated byA and largeEtvciity. Theieiiponthe record.savs : "Lawis CA8S,of every men. It was not a pleasant task for Mitf.igan, having received two-thirds of the voies me to go into a public meeting thus inflamed,met at the evening, numbering at least five thousand Iieople. Tney were addressed Gen. Nri, Mr.wam this"— to allow cast 15 heie an Interruption took placeother States to malie it unanimous. Outihe tbeythenby the Cown.i::« fOTtnced so hearty an that it was almost an aaecOsg.results 10 our country facts stated in these extracts conclusively suo* because she had a double delegation. Speeches principles. Illatoiy records the fact that I met tUit Jst.Ve of tbe tnlon on the biU to Bipply t fa„rSd ,t^h.e M.!','/"' K- "»/'»'s>^"J .enthusiastic assemblyWig- ti|ey.rstj>riianl7.awitn It i.-ibyCoaifiB, and Mr. Woosroas, of New-York. They then.g whuh sliall l»ad uDocQUs stated that ha had takenMr. the speech ashe found it in the Globt, and wished it understood thatThe Housethat Mr,appreciation of the gooi things, ImposslbUity to break up theciiillzatini, of the BRe.Bwaaiaasedto tbe ConvenUoa by iu owner, andliberties of mankind. Your obedient servant,rro tic Party, with a fall knowledge o' his opioiunsThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rose o Itbout conoluding the eabjcci and tbe House ma.up*«"^": BiyoarBed,Fiota a letter of thanksin which theyM(»rs. Fjzix P491andE, ¥, Wjuriis.'wiihregaiuMr.DopwAB-lJUBmltthat that speech,posllionAmerican* and Radical Democratic Republicans ofw as opposed on the ground of being a Squatter 8o^ erelgnty man, and wrote a letter in which be clearlrA large crowd, which assembled in front of the Tremont House, was addressed by a man who madeaddition to the acts for the punishment of crimesThe elements opposed to him are so conSictiag,fhat it will require an almqst omnipotent power to a DocoLAB speech. After a time, in consequence of against the United States. Referred.site fheia on any aama aow mentioned. In this being frequently interrupted, he liecame quarrelsome, The noise and confusion in the galleries, which are•mt Crt. FnaaoBT stands the best chance. It isand was arrested.Tbe struggle will probably take place only la theConvention on the question whether double delega- tions will be allowed to vote.In case of Mr. Siwau's success, Mr. Tidbbdu 0' lUinoiswUl be pressed for Vice-PresidentMessrs. Lincoln and Wade teem the most promi- nent candidates after Mr. Siwaid.crowded, is so great that scarcely anything can be dent, bat he was chosen because he spoke or not In other words, Mr. Clat supported and Krtwas as sound on tbe question as Mr. Kioaaxaaar, the sentiments of a majority of the Democratic sustained every act which tbe Senator from Missis- who bad changed since then ? Wa* it he ? Ho. IfMx-Oov, CLaVBLABs will probably be temporaryChairman of Ihe Convention. The honor of i>ermii-oaat presiding officer is claimed by the frieade of adopted requeslliig tfce National Conveniioa to con- Wit -out action, the special order (Ur. Davis' reso-jlaani, Coswn, of Ohio, and Asbhcb, of Massachu-to de- Humeslead bill, as passed tnelutions) was taken up.Mr. DoioLAS. of Illinois, (Dem.)—Mr. President Iaatu, for their favorite. of a c)a-e In favorSeveral other questions will be coosid- The New-York Delegation gave a dinner at the ciedatthe meeting to-morrow.Hein violation of the local law. The Senator modified his mocracy of Alabama uDproved this action, and would amendmeni, but did not change t^e principle, and it follow the lead of 31 r. VABCsr any more than she didwasNew York, was chosen Chairman. Resolutions werewas takenThe meetingdemn ail measures against Ihe lights of adopted citi-zens,suchastheKlassachusets ameodmentof Indian Affairs inMr. Lahi, of Oregon, (Oem.,) explained the bill.largelyattenc'ed.dentOregon,up.Adestroyed the exterslve planlng-mlll of Clitsluioupon anyOn tbe other,Will al-seat, publican.tai'ilrb, to reject or to protectcaimothave noPcBBsylvanla seat eight Delegates at large, where- HOuse of Reprecenta-ives ; and to give ihe AoU- consists In assaults up<jn the personal cli-aracier .jfof discussion which M ake is entitled to but four. Tney wiU all be ad. Slavery plank in the platform the roost positive in* any Senator. 1 have no desire to eievate my own po-Bitted to the fioor, but wHl cast but two votes.terpretattoo.fire in the western division of the city to- nightg!cat expoui-dervention. The same is true of Mississippi, repre- Senator from MlbsIssipi'I. lam compelled to do inHOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. WAsniBoma, Tuesday, May li.The House met at 11 o'clock.at Chicago, tbe following letters were read From Hon, Churla Sumtier,Mississippi arraigns my political position,fence, may necessarypoiition of that Senator, by way of contrast to myWh, Capj>s, ofVVashisgton, M»y 6, IMO.. .^1848, 111 last, and all the lime. So with other States. to lUlke out all in the bill concerning Slav-Rspablican PartyahnsatlA delegation and a r«w members of the Press, ored me. But I rejoice in the omens of tiumph own, with a view to illustrate my own opinions. ISt,Then on the fourth ballot Gen. Cass reoeived from theery, so the_people of the Territory might do as theyracks.Mr. SaxsNAB,my power to be at Chicago on Saturday next, ac- cording to the invitation with wnlcb you have hon-slaveboiding States Hvotes. Mr. Bdcsarab"Tnat was voteddown. But when mateofOhie, (Rep.,)ofliared a naulaltua:(Mr. Davis) asteems to bare beenallel between his opinions and my own. In self de-;tion of Mr. theClav, chrniplon<I^sented heie ever so ablv by the Senator who arraigned m*. He tells us he (iss ever fought this doctrine, nut at that time l^e had not so much power in the State,fKUM WASiliMUTOM.Greit BptMhtheiniorporatea into the Compromise measures of lUiO,Senator Jiom Miss-harmonywith-theviewsandeSbru Meoaatsnotanam*aakaowatalhrn*,oiilhedidHIS ANSWER TO OEV. DATIS, OF MSBISSIPPI. tbe candidates. FsH>in»]. ha* The Actloir of tlie CbarlestonMr. DocoLAs resumed.•** "*^ ^' *" Inatant ahow licna of with ihe name of LiKcout upon them, and the omni- stream, swollen at it is at this time by rain, cannot be resolntlons, presented in December, 1847, assertthay;will snow them that it is not entirely safe toMississippi denounced,I am not aware that Mr. DiouBsoa or Gen. Cass have aver disclaimed their views, macu less the doctrine of these resolutions and tbe Nicholson letterrecord on thiassquiefstIiosntoiosdheld up to the world and to the country alone in tbe DemocraticWe received (Senator froman aeverthelea* affected byspeedily or quietly effectedfail, itapproach our frontier. The Mexican authorldes areI oppoattlan which they find to fhebrThey are urged by the fdeada of Baiis•• ^Mvp aMTBuaad go for aaceea*. They are en-Iml^^wB^caIstlaethe{earfuldliaffectloawhichThe posed to be accommodating, but ohd him thf quarter, afterbe HIadiMppI, aaA had been nwiileaiiiadof Bxwias's coune^ ai>d also on the Anerlean;dlaapprore ll^jQp'^l ^'mllntii;Nays—Maine, 9 Hampshire,- 1^ tlim rapreMatatioiui they answer,;Jersey,;byIhat to |iM 19 Mtd BbvaiB'' woolcf be a shamefulcongregatedto-Senators voted against confirming the miminatlon ofterms. I nlU call attention to the resolutionsadopt-th* Compromise measates mad* no issn*. We wen Texas, 4 ; Tennessee, 12 ; Kentucky, 11 ; Onlo, 23 ; In- generous, and did not remind them of thefr dafisattnTifcttr jffiT" rtaadaidrbearer, and also aCalboub Bxbbax, aa U. S. District-Attorney lor Caii- ed tiy the Legislature of Florida, which passed theSenate of that State, the 28th of Deoember, 1847, and diana, 12; Illinois, 9; Michigan, 5; Iowa, 4; Mis- aad humiliation, bat recognized tnem as oar awB.agltrt" <*kaiilnii^tsh^ltav wlU not eoaaeat totat^lieqpqpelfed te ackaowledge to themsalTet that As VMk haa becoBO a cloud, and may yet be afijmla. In consequence of his having acted as second the House of 29ih of De- souri, 7 Represenlativcs the!>»' |iiliirlpl«i fnrfr- sake of apolla,Thecircularissuedlastnight,aboutaeoluominWisconsin, 4. eqaals, and never expected to be told that are ardn ta;so they atand firm,quartar |raated whanever they accidentally got the power. W* ara that Florida subsequently passed resolutions doctrine of Intervention f or the protecnon of Slavery tolerant anid if we succeed now, wa d**^ Into the platform. They voted against the doctrine propose to any man, so * hett Ifcjjdilj The <act that a majority of the Con- to the fortunes of Mr. Batis, and creates some reac- r-tttm U.tai at Sawias bo <me denies ; but It tion in iavor of Mr. Siwa'sb.who testified to having received $2,500 of the that day. It may not ba Dnproper here to remark that, they thought It ought to be any portion of the Demo- serted that his principle i prtis, ciatlccreed. You will find voles this doctrine tbe Kansas and Nebraskat that • BVority of the Conrentlon look 1 1» tka aleetloB in case he is nominated.wishesfor the (oceess of certain matters of legltla-which he had Introduced for the repeal af thoae reso-same was ofthe and doctrine body,bus horses are gaily decorated with Lincoln flags and Lincoln tokens.landlorda are dla-cratic Patty of aoable-deallBg ;The weather is delightful. Uons!'the accoounoda- HOWARD.in the efibrts to suppress this ban dittl. The list of prisoners contain eleven names, allcan authorities of the orders he had given.TBI NOXIIIATIOa or CALBOCK BSNBAH.;yet mytion. This preposition was submitted to the Conven- tion and 36 to 21C.granteMr. Davib (in lila *est)—I teomed It Mr. DocQLAS— asadditions to the nambersareoinerI am reliably informed that all the Republican doctrine of nonintervention, or regular Squatter cnt, *; 7 ;; :;Largemade by the arrivaltion bids fair to be the largest gether.citypeopleNew- Delaware. 3New-York, 35virtue of that same tsne. Thea* ae (tabboHhthe reasonsand Mr. Batxs nominated, and Which 1*of thelosglh, givingrejected signedbyBoaAcaGaiBLaT,FaABonTBI COTODI COltXITTEI.The Covode Committee had before them tit-daythisasevidencethattbiadoctrlne,forwhichIamnow ofHlongorgaaizatloa aad "Some reliable and sterling "Republicans express doubts as to the policy of nominating Mr. Siwaxs, There are many aad his success Is by no means certain, but the maingOod fromaStateSenatorofFianda,inclosingresolntlanaAtStales that have now seceded from the Charleston toiit* who aid onqueationably refieet tlse aeatlmaalsit was not Into the Platlonn. The Senate and the tbe 4th of January, which set forth diaHsetty fta country can judge who has changed on thl* qaesdoii. principles on which they proposed to otgaala* Ihaa* NowIthinkIhaveshownconciniIvelythattheDerao- Territories. Itwasthendistinctlypropo**dflM cwriatihicSlcarveerdyIinn1t8h4e8Twearsrintorny,InetietrhveerntfioronItbyorCoanggariensst tfbreomqutehsetiohaniolfsSolfavCeornygrsehsoso,ldataedevberrbesaonedaeidshe4*twhynor on the 30th of December. I am aware holdingvoting againstIncorporationin theand the Conven-and some States of this Union held this Sovereignty, if you please, for they are correlativeVermont, tand un- TktnlBjP ar(aalxcd opposition. body of the delegates and outsldera are decidedly in also examined aa to improper eootracta supposed to Scuth, and cenounclng me by name as the greatAMIeha, 4ieh under aiabltlous leaders, each striving his favor, and the chascea favor his nomination after have been made his establishment bystriae down Beutbem rights. [Ur. Pdgb, read tlie issolutlona.) It WlUtie o^wervadthat ia their resolutions the State of"Florida had declared that the Territorial Legislature, wbi e in a Territo-lorkdlfUualsuceesa. Prominentamongthesethe abriefstruggle. CaaMlik&sBasks,IheHcLean,theChase,the Mesars.BatisandMcLbabareclearlyoutoftheFromtheAssociatedPress.The CoTode Committee are still engaged In inves-lfciihtT-1Wadeparties. ThePennsylranianipre- dM 1^ «ttR rain of RapubUeanism in the erent of Bawaa*^ aaalBation, though they admit be will run aa weUaa any straight Republican.couldbeas- eused for aot knowing the true meaning of that hUL for iiselt whether Slavery shall or shall not exist but non-intervention. The Democratic it was that Cengres* renouace forever all orfield.Mr, Waii is now mentioned as a candidate, withprospect of success should fir. Sivaxb be beaten. There were several thousand new anlval* to- night There caimot now be less than 46,000 stran-should not Interfere either establltlsk, to abolish, to protect or to maintain,—the of the Territories. No aaaa peopleAttorney General BiacxwUI be examined to -morrow. TiM delegations of PennsylTania, Illinois and gers in the city. The entire day has been spent in T. M. Waixm, of Brooklyn, testified to-day that Mr.either to proteat or prohibiti B«w lainy, called formaUy on the Massachusetts this eresinf, and in set speeches protestedprotesting against bis NlcbolEOB letter and the doc- we can forgive her for abandoning it I, Sir, arraign no la It The Senator had a cleangaiiilliii mea, and with those who are in no way ^i^iiii.J withAboUtioBism. New-Jerseyfollowedte tlkS saae strain, as did also Illinois.Tks last qieaker rcTiewed with great abil Bouseroads to-day decided in favor of CoL BtTrrsaFixLi>*sdemonstrations of various kinds. Excursions were WiBsiu, never made a contract or agreement withforgive remaining creed,Mi. D.\vis, n! Mississippi, (Dem ,) maile .-tn explan- vor « hicn »iii the.-e ocr.jr. Bat I regrst that my ation, to ihtf efi<;ct that had he known, he might nave erfsisemenls will not allow it Ibelleve in your city made some verbal correction, and ais., stating that io]i of tlie Reouhlican Party took Sir. Cass was Lolonger a believer tn the d'.>ctrliie, Plniu- ih 11, c Uuion. it was my g'ojj fortune to share but had yielded to the decision of Ihe Supreme Court.sume of >oiirri!izenf the honor of Its apotheosis.and fell thus* people that they bad been deceived abont the tell tliemthat thehi thatitalfc-OnmotionofMr. ajas,on „<, ,ook hiaae^ '^TTthat this doctrine of Squatter Sovereignty, or were made In favor of makin; it unanlmaus. Infonated populace of honest and intelligent, but mis- Post office Department for Oe year t 1 1Soverelanty, or non-intervention, as the Mr. Yascit and- Mr. Wiiblow, of Alabama, led and and I defended aach and He.lnJbetncr.: s^iould meet that Convention oftoFunltive Slave Law was right-required bypofted .:.iggalnstT7.patriots who are to selecttbe generalsaadhe desired not to be Interrupted, and caniinued:I in- as Iwe-e proceedingto declare him elected on a two-Ji^oi »heartily cooperatingother day, and I Yliekse,tShier,spiriItsIcnorwnheidchisheqaaicrotiaar*&I•L cldco In favor of theae compromise aoaaana. Qm^PnaoBwa*oathat and was lasne,Dongl«i in the Senate Territorial (^nettion.::" I leaned yeitarday, timmgh the Hexiean anthorl' ties, that CoanBAi itad returned to the vielaity of the^ eftaMMMM'ttewitiaBoftheCoareatiaa. Probably Ass,BabkiaadCbasbaadead,andthatthe*tru(gl* about40. I^pmedlatelydirectedCaptOsoBiobb- whatmoatafn*knewbefore,thatthatletter,Ismann- vention, or protection, or for anyothar pur- Yabcittoobey(helawsaadacqiUeseaInihi^aiaaCMr. Sbwabd should be to Judge Txsbt la the duel with Senator Bbodibioz. cember, and were approved by the Gover- States:P. Brora andtai^y^WB*with dlaaater to themaelre* and mln Missouri delegates, has been decidedly detrimental Mr. Waixxb, coneipondent of the New-York JSr- analiced, wasnotdeemeo te be political heresy at then bad an opportuidty of affirming this doctrine, if supports Its nominees. Mr.ther. Yabcit's report and resolutlonB. These States remains in the Democraticto ittotheHouse,withoutrecammendationon reportDemocraticConvention of Two Georgia.and tbe "Om- tothe subject—the Committee being dividedThe following-named gentlemen voted with the Republicans, ousting Mr. Coopia, Democrat from hisState are affirmedand tbe bills themselves,that Congress has no constitu- nibus " bill of Mr. Clat. The bills aswhatever, eitherSAnoi, Babxs and Lneeui ; thus playing into each The delegations all held meetings to-night Much and Harris of Maryland, Etheridge and Maynard of some of the eminent men who psrlielpated In that PuQH read extracts from Mr. Davrs' spee-jbes at the mine that, and the question never c^une again into theether's hands in a very' algnlficant manner. Tbe excitement is manifested as to candidates. The op- Teanessee, Hickman and Schwartz of Pennsylvania,Convention bave since changed their opinions, and time the bill.) Thus It will be seen the Sen- Sena'e. He quoted from Mr. HtniTEA's speech tosua- now lielleve it Is both within the power and duty of ator faigoaimnMsitssissippi objected to the bill because it taln this view. He then proceeded to show that theand Gilmer of North Carolina.This Is the first contested case decided this session. For more than an hour, to-day, the Hohs« has beenwas adjourned at a late hour.The Banks men feel elated that bis name is Invari- thing if Mr. Setais is nominated. At present there Senate to hear Mr. Dogolas. Evary seat iu thedlseaaslon which followed waa a very excited one, -fw< without coming to any definite result, the meet-position to Mr. bxwAis is led by Hoiaci Giixlit, Datid DvPi-iT FiiLD and Fbarcis P. Blats, and ihey areverybitteragainsthim. SomeofthedelegationsCcDRress to legislate lor the protection of Slavery in the Teriitoiiesjust.as they then believed It unconstitu- tional. All 1 nave to say to these men, for whose talent 1 have great respect is, that 1 can forgive them for having ch^nsed from tbe docliines which they in- vited us ol the NorUi to rally in support of. and Idid not contain a prohibition in the Territory Southern i>eople understood the matter at the time justaUy mentioned as one who staada a good chance la is no concentration of strength on any other candi-eaaa Mr. Sbwau is dropped. They claim that Ssw- date, each St^te havtng its own choice.abb vriU raa a* well on th* aecond baUot |aa he will The chances appear to be, that the superior tact of lege of admission, including the Foreign Ministers. 1 fear 1 may become tedious, but I feel It mylegislate, but the Senator from ;scltototdintgbe meascBrroessaisng countrySiwAAD'slrlends, and the distracted state of tne Op-unfriendly legislation. [Mr. Pooh then read lit.Clat's reply to Mr, Davis.) There It will be found thatthe issue was made between Mr. Clav and the SenatorIrom Mississippi, the latter claiming that Congressshould provide for the slavebotder to go into the announced the doctrine of the absolute power of the Territory, and hold his property in defiance of the people of a Territory over Slavery. Yet after that hewas occupied, while the floor of the think could us lor remaining faithful to spacious ga'lery they pardon we andto leaving all kinds of1an or at The then mdw-chambers was crowded with those having the privitonat stdaoncdtrinueponw.hicIhn < pursuing ttheiys saugbrjeecdtpMrlsospiesrctlyppolncesalnreedquaanlexfcoeopttiinognol Representatives huenduenrdsetrosotdoodIt itinThtehe Heloasm*eSENATE.WAsntiioTOH, Tuesday, May 15.duty to present the evidence that the DemocraticParty in 1648 stood plain on this cardinal doctrine ofNun-Intervention. 1 can show, on high Southernauthority, that the Convention, which assembled in1848 to nominate a candidate for President and laydown a platform for the party, adhered to thisdoctrine. Tbe attention of the country and of local law. Mr. Clat said he would never agree to received tbe vote of the Southern Democracy, the party had been specially called to this the recommendation of such a doctrine. He was with tme or two exceptions. A distinguished docttuje of Non-intervention by Congress with against the repeal of the Mexican laws against Slav- gentleman of Sooth Carolina, who up Id the slavery in the Territories. Hence the nomination of ery, and was against any act that would deprive the tme of vrriting this letter had refosed to Gen. Cass, with his opinions as expressed in the people of the 'Teriitoiy of the right of deciding for vote tor Mr. Richaxsssb, now came to his ssp- Nicholson- letter, was not the result of accl themselves whether they would have Slavery on the lOSlh ballot [Laaihler.] He bdlevad..Mr. FcoB, of Ohio, (Dem.,) introduced a bill infor thatsition by attemptiuR to pull down others, or Iu place any Senator in a false position before hisconstilaents.country, and his own constituency, upon thehy the minority of the Democratic1 bsnia re-solutlons of W6.did not believe the De-respectspeciesare rowPait},assuownby their repeated votes at Charles- ton. She cculd have voted fof ^Ir. C.\luoi;n, bul oldone, and noimpeachmentofanyman'srecjid. Iamwilling that each Senator should stand before the'*AttbeinaugurationoftheRepublican Wlgwdm** somuchofthespeechoftheSenatorfrom awayfromthisdoctrine;andLouisiana,thentruetoI tee la all directions. Dae of these is the shall not In the discussion of anv ab- Indulge to-dayot New- it was carried by a vote ofHampshire, House of and that a Committeewhich(manexcuisloD to H;de Park this afternoon. Gu.- entbusiafcUc energy wltn walch tbe Repuillcans of stract theory of Government much less enter into thefavoriteNoEBis,Moaa'B bajid fumlihed the music, and at a collation Chicaiin are prepared to welcome that creat Coavoa- discussion of the legal issue wiiicU has lately beenAccept my thai,lis, and believe mo, dear Sir, With much respect.Faithfully vours,CHARLES SUMNEil. of certairi legal propositions, not because tbey hadthe would soan> thing to do with the political issues before the country, but becanse that law officer seemed to ^ave no uSieial duties to occupy his time, and I bail the leisure to reply to him. The principal points toI «m much obliged to you for expressions of cause why 1 am deivering any speech, will be found alege him for, a speech, and faaing ia tnat, seduce soijd will »ro jour flattering Invyiouutlron to ue presnnt iu certain extracts fiom tne speech of tbe Ssaatorfrom the South, being a majority of the whole num-ber. These facts show that he was not tne choice ofa majority of the Northern Democracy, but wasthe choice of a majority of the Southern ry, and Southern men infiamed the passions .b.Democracy. I will now proceed to show that these of the people there, making them think tbey were a "£?. H.'?^.;'. motion to tablevotes were cast with reference to the distinct ques- sscilfice ot Southern honor. I went to my own State voted down by a large majority, and '"Z>«'^r^lu'SSKijiTccKT, May 6, ISfiO.GiBTLiHiB: Your favor ot the 3d Inst, is received. which I tball direct my remarks to-day. ana the solea fewtrine of Squatter Sovereifnty-from and MississippiThich I wo* lecelved. The Council of Citycontested election'Mr. GAa»siL-oi Geor«ls, jipa""'on El.c<cJoDS,speech,Chicago, Igan which was filled with Abolitionist*, had passed reso-<••'•(,„D,e-m, argued "8^^„^^for him to draw a necessary par-Cbasi.Mr. DocoLAs resumed. Having thus rejected theremove the United States Arsenal from St nti LoaM.da>s since,dereuaclngand as resl'ted byCass bed received the nomination, the following facts lutions annulling tbe Fugitive Slave law. The stand-the doc-Senator«"*"-ins w1!l be done whichSd^oJn:e ,wrhMiVcih?^,^.w ;to''bke" ibatanvtuing wiU be left un- Senator has indifflereutly used the terms, did not pledged tbe people of that State to sonport every one of these measures before thatj-eople,«,.lvrr,%"."„ l!.*'^**""Popularmisguided men, ani'"I'i'knProrrlatesflSSOO.fOO, of whleh •7.«H,M« Uought done. I am now and will be originate with me In its application to the ihe nomineealso SrDEifHAH Mooai and othersA vary Bfc-Uke picture of the late Senator Bsonsa- present in spirit, at least, in ,u joar honorable a.^is Territories of the United States, but that it united in the plet'ge. Tnere were some ancient Slave Law should be Executed, and the Compijomisc to rrsioie tie serv Ice on all the routes under th* eaa-and aspiralioos, bell- v.ns that [ and vo.i have bu the was proclaimed by Gcii Cass in als Nich- MS «eeui?les a conqricuous postuon in in view- the I distinctlyJrVctthe Wigwam. one end i.ir,, of t„e,e states and the olson letter. He became the nominee of the Demo-to be such a fatal heresy as to form a sufflctent eaaat when my best Irieuds warned me that my fordlsiuptlnK the Democratic Party at the haittdofdisunion. Gov. Wiislow pledged the people of Ala- '"ir'!'puoL'*e«i from Mr. Docolas' Chicago^ ^ 'to non-intervention, and was stioporiedby that party on that l^de. Toe same docjiiue was bama for Gen. Cass on this doctrine, and oanylag thaUntitled Documentor in the view* wnlota he then held, and which Imean nothat Southern Conventions.newspaperssage of the measurethey were copied into several otheragainst the will ol tbe Senator, and on my motion. We did differ then as we do differ now—be againsthis poUtteal aetlon sBeold be goiMi*d' SvaaaaAH whleh wereiniisipptol myself, and reaffirmed by the Baltimore nottbtakthlsdaetrlaecnahaMal ktowto 8<>«tfa*niiM > •^M' t^ any Madt^aiopposition ano In. >eirenlatad, ad elrcnlaiioB thanIliii T_WenC elf Fund, but as he said, only for his daring this session of Congress, I received a letter fioifi MisBlsslppi, Louieiana anadgaiTnesxtaa, tbe very Senate bad. a Chairman or tbhiell.Committee ea Tent-Uon. Mr. Biowb, Editor of the CtiatitutuH, wasbeing unsoand,whatwere to employeddgW pretexttolaterfere with Slavery ia the Tenllede*,ifefiect the passage of the Lecompton BUI. It is saidtigatingappliances,any,within the limits of such Territory. As I have re-unqualifiedPatty was committed to the doctrine. It Is true there were individual exceptions. Tbe Senator fromgiven this afternoon to delegates to Hyde Park. In him, or has been charged to assist him in passing man, and much less a sovereign State. She had the trines contali>edrecord, but a record outside of tbe Democratic Party,Compiaai- Ise because it was inconsistent with the noa-tnterveB. the evening a grand rally took place at the wigwam, that, or the English bill, although Mr. Waioiu, paid right to proclaim her opinions, and if she afterward and a record at war with the; Democratic Platform— tion doctrine, and for the purpose of apolying Hut galaat Ihe Bomlnatlou of Ur. Siwiss. Pennsylra- which was crowded to overflowing, and four or five him (2,500 at the close of last session—for what pur- belleveo'they were wrong she ought to have changed rebelling against its principles but acquiescing in its principle, and bsnishlng the Slavery question froia(lalaiattaBBla lad aff arglsg his great unpopularity with all eon- thousand persons were unable to gain entrance.them. But, Sir, having proclaimed them, and thenA dinner was given at tbe Richmond blm to-day by; it was a rather bitter piU for them, but he k- slsted on their swallowing it as necessary to the pe^the audience.theMessrs. DsAPaa & Garinnix to the twelve ports on the Mexican Gulf, The bill wlUof Georgia m 1847, and i have seen it asserted in ratea In tbe Compromise measures of that year billpose does not appear.The Bouse Committee on Post-offices and Post-It seems to me that even should be views. The Senator then, as he does now, granted Congress, and remancing it to ths people of th* ter-Speeches were made by Gen. Nti, of New-York.Messrs. Kuxi, of Peimsylvania, and SaasDar. ofNew- Jersey. Lots of enthusiasm was disol&yed by route, and Instructed a blU to be reported granting thesepostaltouctiinglutlest which I have as i%ad,Q. author of all this mischief wliich is to Wasbhistok Tuesday, May IS.rialcondition,hadtheexclusivelighttodetermine It;that Congiese|toher but if she sol- policy,Floridaemnly proclaimed that doctrine to the world as a sov-changed.Mr. Pusa read the seraath iM^nttaaof the plat- form.In 1848 the Damacratie was meaaatttottOBal, and woold aot pereidt it by Abolltioalst* or aay other*. They did not regard an Interventloalet a* any better thananAbolitionist TheyaaldthatCoagre**ma*tright to maneavegrey tp£ciorpioawaonght aSimSccedcTSReviewed.Tbe HicUgan Coatested Seat in the fmryomoptlhneloCaosm,mwibtitehewoans the pretextwalsornomtrtreuem.ovHael Yavcit felt it hi* daty to leeofd his solemn protest torget with what anxiety all Amerlesa* loakad?' 'Partytbanght taterferenoe^'ve^rfS-^ghSSK'sissaS^r^^SBnotInterfereataU,norother*. Whatetbor*TWhy the*e men who want a Blsve Code. Soathsrn Ihtar-iS Tenitortcs, against thl* dangeroo* heresy, and he earn* Mlsdadppt, Alabaaa, Ocoigteaad Sooth CMaBah,' -ha ha* alway* oppeaed thl* doetrlne ot non Interven-triumphantlysustained In his oppoetuon to this doctrine tn 1848,I860 and 1861. Sir, whether he is sustained be permitted to remark that In wliatever I may say I Union dspended ea the tasnlt in Quia*.iiation. Aad he after it has•lalmi, yielded its blightingSenate to listen to the whole of that entire report ofplain* Kansaa, tkeSuprerneCourt Mr.Yabcit,forit embraceseverythooghtidea, fromMississippiwouldbeoam*Ihan]«oft«tt»l>pilnclplo,every pretext asslgaea at Charleston the Soathetn State*. I knew not what fea"is right la the pobt at l**na then and now, Congress seventeen years ago, and our social country, but I hcUeve, had ins(>iigltheLii, Commanding Department the Senator from MlaiUsppl or my*elL I pro- relatl-ns have always been kind aad nnlntermated. his appeal to the people, the Ualoa eoatl adt~ tMt*.KAB,2dCavalry,wilhaetacbmentofCompaniesF.and »erlptpitortoll*pubUcatlon,wa*patscd«roandamong posewhichwehaveheardrepeatedoverandover prlnclplea. InGeorgiathebattleraaedfiaseelriSG., of that regiment to cross the Rio Grande to-Blgh^T "•*'thili choice wUh p«r- Uaooui, while the Illinois reverses tlie ticket Lib- TIBAI and his followers may be secreted, and endeavor data it now bears of its paolio Issos. The Senator la that report of Mr. Yabcit. It was not denied that the election came, Georgia daelded la faver at thaWW eo attady "atiea" the will be between Was*. Cahbbob. IJBoeui and Bai».-———»"many years.anythe Senatorfrwi that State (Mr. Taoaaa) wm'ftren- where at all boon of thepanle*tfft Mai and his oolleagaes protested, Tbe argument of the forces against these measores, aad th* g»"«irf aaA equality ef States Is used, and also that territo- paulotic BuTLaa, altbongh he oppoead th* raaaaiing*^- Tbe The fall choice of Pennsylvania I* Caksbob ai>din time to arrive before day to-morrow where Coa*an private circulation for daya aad waeks befora the Idea far favor of that doctrlae that I* not ambadled against tbe ooponeatsof these neasorea, aad whskooui'i Mends say that nothing save a high regard'''the integrity he seconathe partypersuadeI and H to eross.the Rio Grande at or nearletter, but other Sonlhem Senators how opposed toeither tattrodoce or exclude, permit or prohibit Slav- In tnm, tnit they nibmltted hy '•^•^["'•jnk v<The streets of Chicagoare alive withme, or at any rate other leading politicians, would not Reynosa thl* Evening, in time to place himself ia be able to say, Oiat when submitted to them, they con- processions the rear or or south of the point where geniBAS may demned it a* irankiy as tbe Senator from MisslssipDlery at their pleaaare ;and for that reason Mr. Yabobt people. So In SonOi tb* Himii Carolina,UMllpMloa* apurtmaiti,day andalgW »io fonnd crowd* of the f4itWQl, who to-night There Is a Lincoln procession iieaded by be concealed, and to cooperate with Capt Stobxbab. did during that feiiod while this lettef was being cir- ries are the common protierty ef all, and that here, felt It his duty to (tutala tha inrtirnlttiia. »»^I doubt iftkeU sancuoa. Tne letter was prepared, and waa ia Senator can take his own speeeh, and And any one testimony he had to form a tmlea of ualsBforhim to accept BaAOiin, Second Cavalry, with detachment of Com- Mne af nen-lnterventlen aa stated In the Nicholson cause he held that the people af th* teniloriee might Tne opponents themseire* became sahaUanoBvto surprise and disperse them. I also directed Capt Informs us that he at the time dissented from tbe doc- Gen. Cass held this doctrtre, aad waa nominated b«. compromise measures by about 21.000 maieOv.culated. The especial friend and right-hand bower hie not creditable to ths Demoi:ratic to go South Carolina decided the**^t^ "^ ««*e at the eipeiue of the hort, GiLBoai's Band, and a Seward procession having the It is possible. If the information I have received of Mr. Cabs (Hr. Dahba S. Diokibsob) preeented two before the aad dedae tbe quaPsatrltony of the to break aagnaldnaUtnion* aen wheaia^wUimir-0-tattheirbieInootsidetalkandbluster. LightGuardBand.Thooaandaswellthem,attracted becorrectthatthesebandtoitsmamkaeyabesecsrueptprmesasrecdh. resolutionstotheSenaMemoooylngtnesamedoc-hare the beat organization, and by the music, and the frequent oration* delivered at It Is, however, difficult Uiie.TlSw#ai4Bak on the other tide of the river. We have to depend Mr. PcsB read the resolnUons referred to.th* b4tt ^mXiiiii. They do not flinch in their work, every comer. Banners are hung across the streets, ojlun Mexican* for guides, and the cnxsing of a rapid Mr. Docauts—It wiu be oneerred that theeecountry going parties oa this iraM rIghUofthCSouthIntheTerrilorlea.Hesaidthe tionofintervention.Henyouhavethavaidlet Convention had refosed to express an opinion on the of the American people North and Booth tm. question of whether the Terrltodal Legislature could favor of thl* doctrine of noa-lnterraatloa, "* prohlUt Slavery or not and It was not creditable to and the Southern Interventionists, who bsd beaa de- avoid expresslni an opinion. It convicted tba Demo- feated and overthrown, came to tha «./»nfiiHlim tarcandidate held the opinion that the Territories couldexclude He then concluded with a resolu- Slavery.Mr. PcrseHjercetaed,the vote by States: Yeas—Maryland,Mexicans,itisbelieved. Col.Lb*notifiedtheMexi- Party,ahereticthenandahereticnow,andthere- 1; SouthCarolina,9; Georgia,9; Florida.3;Ala- But,Sir,tbeConventionatBaltimoraralliedaadd»-;Mr. DouoLAs resumedHere we find these Slave-be pursued to the death, and aotbeassertlBg doctrines Ineooalstenl vrlth these, and I elate proacrfbe;; Rhode Island, 4elected,IhaTennessee, 1 ; New SMaassehn- ConnecU- Pennsylva- ; North Carolina, ipit Mississlppt 0; Tennessee, 6;aad Senator from Hlnlsdppl becaa* Secratary of WarConventlon,forthe reason that thisnot Incorporated—in 1848 voUog against it ;of the Democratic party. It haslas^ In 1880 become necesaary to organise ttie Tenltaries ef K«>- oons'ltutisnal and dangerous to the rights of the their delegations bolting the Coaventian because sas and Nebraska, the Committee reported a UU Mmarked,ereign Stuatse oforibis Uulon, I fsahitoluilfudi tthoinkhershe coulidf Cabs unoer protest, making speeches for him and still more explicitquartergranted to those who stand bv Florida's original posi-and Florida was not the only State that held doctrinesatthattime. Ihaveheresomeresochanged,no quarter tohe Squatter Sovereigntcyh,iebfu.t he made speeches for Squatter SovereignNowIpassto1850,in order to showclearly this same doctrine of non-intervention waawas tberwihtoriveos.tedTfhoartitso declaroendltyhoabtjneocnt-IntEeivery*tberuleoftheCompromisemeasuresof1850.Southern men then to this In the objeod pattingtioncontract. He desires at lurlons adopted by the Democratic State Conventionithat Incorpo-Mississippiwasoneofthem.HesupportedGen.mlttee wasperfectly clear,billreported from the Committee on Territories were silent on the subject of Slavery, but the CommtihettTeerroittoTrniarlteen re-potted an amendment against Legis-lature passing any law in rerpect to African Slyery.Mr. Clat said this was against his vote and bis^udg-ritory. It mar be, and unquestionably is, true that ment, and Gen. C&ss made a similar statement. [Mr. lature, anil n was agreed that the Courts should deter-thingstional power to legislate on the subject of Slavery In the Terr^iJtonr-iienst.ervOentelowDoulcdantnhoitnk that was tporetetsy-:Itlegislate at all on the subject in th? Ter-;from the slaveholding States; Mr. Bucuah-for a Southern the same views which man, holdingand embodiment of non-inter- tbe same number of votes as the of the propositionezpiesscd;Mr. AYoodduet, eighteen, etc.—AB, nlLCteenthe votes being given by Maryland, Delaware, Vuglnla, Mlsrlsslppi, Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky and Missouri, These States did not think Non-intervention, or Squatter Sover- eignty as it Is now called, was a neresy which fninisbed sufficient cause fur dlsruptlag the Demo- cratic Parly, much less dissolving the Union. Tbey voted for Gen. Cass with a 'knowledge of his opinions on this question—he \wa8 their first choice. Old Virginia old not takeVhlm as a choice of evils. She had an opportunity Jot votingoIn.tervHientnicoen,osnhethgeasvuebjhecr oVlfiSflianvieaiybemleiaevnetd dtihsautnishows clearly that the Compromise measures of 1850 were Intended to assert the doctrine of non-lnterrea-ticn leaving the peopte^o do as they pleased, so they da not violate tbe Constitution.Mr, Pdoh lead further from the debates.to avow it Ifhe could forgive tfaemfarehaagtngjCahlC they not magnaalBwnsly forgive htm for aahadss consistently to the former <>aculnBS. In 1896 AIa>>«aBa also insisted upon the declaration ai Clau.-tBaai-oftjte- - doctrine of noi-lntervention she sympatUae* withof Iliose measures. Tbe Senator fium Mtssltsippi asserted his right to go,jorlty of theCharleston Convention the Ala- adop'edtwhaastrewjheiclteetdh.e TehrerliitoMri-es(^muiAgShEtofprtie/rieiidbltthtehceoyunct-ejrupiarnto,tvote first, last, and ail tlie time for Gen. Cass, the protect or tolerate. That was rejected by precisely he gave way to an tdjournment..inlS4(i. Mr. Docolas becaoBC so much exhausted that Heretervention, true to tbe maintenance of the Union, hos-tle to iriteivention because It led directly to disurdon,sbe rallied around Gen Cass as the standard-bearer in two proposllions, the record shows that I msved establish the same and an Aroiory at JefTeraoa Bai^pleased.7, &c,; and even South Carolina, when she found her subsequently, at tbe suggertion of Mr. Clat, by Mr. that the Japanese Embassy be invited to TlMt thebad no chance—so soon as she found Gen.Cass was the choice of a majorlly of the party—she 39 to 19, thus rejecting tne doctrine of the sieuatorfrom RepresentaUve*,wheeled Into line, and declared lor tne champion of Mississippi, and suitalnlrg tie proposition advocated of five members be appointed to convey to them Squatter Sovereigrty. or Popular Sovereigi-ty, or by mjeelt. We dlffeied then, as we do now. I sustain- this Invitation and make suitable arrangements.fion in'erventioo- or whatever you choose to call it. ed it then, as 1 do now ; and lie fo'jgb'.it gallantly, but Mr. HocETOB, of Alabama, (Deaa.,) said the gaileiy She did net then ihink tnis doctrine was sufficient be was defeated, and my propoeiuon became the basis was the proper place for them.cause either to dissolve the Union or disrupt tbe Dem- of these measures. Congress adjourned Immedi-ocratic Party. On tbe first ballot Gen. Cass received ately alter tbe passage of those measures, in the Mr. Sbsibab replied that Speakeronly 59 votes fI om the North, while he received 6(S micst of a terrific excitement. North and South. doubt appoint a sendble Committee, who '">«if"'"?e'No.thern editors inftamed the passions of Tito the Japaneae to seals In ihe gaUery to »lio«« the people by making them believe thesemeasures were for the extension of Slave- "'Mr'tt-.of Virginia, (Dem..) said ffiey«a«dgetbethose w ho seceded from that Convention. After Gen., In favorappealed:He had received twoardfifty of rebellion was raited: public passion wasjallHMhuzzaed, cheered and sang so enthusiastically, and rrJfiTy,* ?"'"".''' ."'\> arlUvvc, but which our ene- ooubt not it hat been bis inlention to treat me. Tne thirds of the Electoral C illege, New-York not voting Compromise measures were founded upon correct "j^K^Ji'^Msewe'ttato Committee o( th* Whala «k: 1*ivictory—;on toa victorytendto treat him (Mr. Davis) fairlv andkindly,iblrdsvote of thoseiiresenlandvoting,but not two- tbeCoDititution, and oaght tn be supportedthat theMr.^;„-,'.resoluUon that thenames there who did not think this- dootrine measures stand- This was done under circuoisiaucesservice. The Postmast^GoD*tal le:pro^red from ibem aF"g"!^« uf« <*JU "for inlA'-d mailof March 4, 1859.This was debated at lergth, when the Comwitteecharacter of these measuresnis —;enUtled to aseat byr Mr 1!/«» •<,»• Maaaachaaatta^ (RaB.0'''|rtsHiliiiTliig of the Compromia* measoie*. aat Ak world knows the result MiHf'pffl n.-MLi .»«SSThe report of the Co*ianl the terms of the Mr. PcGB read extracts fromthe bllLMr. the Mtstoori DocGLAs-They repealedpurpose andpioiect Slavery,French law protecting Slavery should not be revival Mr. Bapoxb'b amendment was put in for this iifB— purpose. The osly point of difference at ^at ttne was as to the extent of the limitation imposed by th* Conitltutionon tbe authority of tbe Territorial Legis-He as Le did. He read the resolutioLS of the Georgiasgainst their legislating adverrely to Slavery. .wished the Territorial Legislature to have power to Legislature of 1854. after the passage of ttieprotect [but not to prohibit. Tnat was his position, b 11, Indo'Sing that legislation to support this state- and he (Douglas) gave him ciedlt for consistency. ment. Those resolutions were as good a platibrm a* He (Mr. Docolab) wished to give the Territorial be wanted. He was willing to adopt them withoatLegislature poweras to Slavery, to theefiect that they might protect but should not adopt way. Mr. Ricbabcsob, who reported th* hIBIn the Hoore was made the Democratic candldata for Speaker at tbe next session against Babxs. Beresomiioa was passed. .^n.iiieraUonof theMicti-'"•—— www.fultonhistory.comdBlMiiiiiiMaatt<y^ 