 8 «.0?^n 3 anijfmlpriftiiipr Bow to Vmptvn vmt Bulera.tbe charge brought the " laatttntioBS" againstofthe United States by Earl Obit, that the*m »to lapU «a to •drwtfaeiiiaiiUinteadodby Bev. Dn. BtracKAXS, STBOaa, andLiniirr. The Inebiiitea Befbrm Convention held its firstiatheQovemment.But moreTmUey—Tke JHarkeo. Monday, May 7.||, 4^Ml7 faaaMtaooMBt.IBorance has new lasted so long that in the ma-which isby a BDinber ofsigied respectableU4hijlta«, frila aatavortant to^rM^raa,|okaTatkatluiQTpfciMitTT;from Hoag Kong 21st,V.^lS&Mnr>J, fiMii Fma OF Bnaniia.national heroes, and release ruffians from station-houses, fully two-thirds of the popula- tioo are utterly unable to say what quarter of the City it is to which thesegreattheir appearance in public life.In all tbe homilies upon the condition of theCity Government, which appear from time to time, this ignorance of respectable men aboutaad tha dallyexpectedwithasmanymore. Atlastaccountsiaqoinsai i«paif^». CaataaBaahaC''i«~severalvesselsat HongKongwerenpforSaaFran- cisco, offering to bring passengers over very cheap.f<nn«MUUUlf—AnanoM—Thi £«r PicnismoW Iwithfor the purchase of a Champion's Belt, or what- ever else,might be agreed upon.At the meeting of the Board of Aldermen lastevening a resolution was sdopted requesting the Mayor to invite the Prince of Wales to visit theand this indifference"" International courtesiesChuch. iiliihlliig llwjpMHr ehatgaa acalnat the Biaasfs. ^il torwork of and the can take the and well-behaveddelighted at the thought ?behind time inThe Legillatun, since the 2»th ult., has passed an^' Yf"""'""--^-"- '-•---*-%'"• r'^nnntt9.^ dw ptMoat moBuntpresentitCityinparatiTa tk«tthanthishedoesaotoftenknow andhis; ig-PrinceofWalescomeandseeas. ThePony ExpreM arrived heVe lastnight in tiieaaraetlaa thsnaa MKL TaiaiBT ta Kiaars-ATiiiini.The author of ourEngland has paid a very pretty compliment toO. 4M BBOADWAT—PMr. Jacobs' Kieiau, Earu-I-aTRUT AMD ronSTH-AVJUIUE SUAmOeKnMtacrDyOKALO and Jamss CnsiOK, his trainersyoung personage, by clothingtbefr destination, aad be for presentedtaaM K'naiac-OAimaaiA MaaAoaaaLto " tbe Champion of the World," and and seconds, were passed, and a committee of 16or of Lord MAUfESBuaY himself.He thinkspayment,The Pony Express, which left St. Joseph's on tbe 13th, arilved at San Francisco In nine days and seventeen hours.Telegraphic dispatches from Caraon Valley to par^and shall have giiaiiial jnrisdleiiaa ovar -tte 1Ofaa0^g»Ti*alfc»a«Bai«. mnoll—Kuu'i OoDBT or Death. I'^'il''' inawwinii !!.» T«K TaoHB.appointedpowerto collect the funds reqaisitetheirabout the manner in which these ftmctionaries are aominated or elected, hare been acknow- ledged to be the main cause of all the evils which affiict lu. On this point ther6 is no dis- pute ; but when we ask for the remedy, we arethateffect " betweenhave aFTiit-r-i ra* PAianaaa." " havestolen 30horsei to the Prince of Wales tbe hospitalities of Valleytobelonging tha Pony rial proposes ao to elaet tha Sxaeattva»*IMT rrsubmits to the Fathers that they should extend state that tbe Indians between Salt Lake and Carson ciemaadoftlMMisalaDary Cosaatttaa. Tks «•-tinvestigateall aaweUIprinting binding proceedings, anmunoNAL abt ncsriTimoN-KzaDmoa documents, ix., of the Common Council, and send the vaiious bids with the award of contract to the" and also thataattspnatfcaiif SBblasttaaaIt was also resolved to close the de-while the roguesmarchindoned spoils. But where there are only two or three officers to be chosen, and their duties*support with thei nterior has shown a manifest unproremeot' are known to be important, and the constitu-^ were rejected in the Convention, and in denun- OiderB Hfe coming forward llberallv, aud money isbecoml£g more at>unda&t« Trade has, however, uot been of sufficient doratiOD yet to bring jobbers forward forforbata at 1 o'clock to-day. Messrs. Shckhak, Grow, BLAn and Stxyzbs spoke at length la favor of the iiifMiii Mr. ScBWASTZ, of Pennsylvania, took ooiaaion during the course of the debate to de- fend himself from the attacks of the Corutitution.Cbicago.;TheSMeamship Brazil, from Galway on the 29th alt,, arrived at Bt. John's on Sunday. Her general newa i* srithout Ths haddisposedLto pay asking prices. Heavier sales sfWheafwSte but at somewhat easier reported,rates. Com was moderately inquired for. ByeOats attracted moreGroceries, ProvisiSBS, Metals, Oils, Spices, Hides and Leather were in- active. Spirits Turpentine was more sought after. A fair demand for Tallow andis able to examineency them,Ponrteenth, entirely .br afternoon. Twenty-eight horaes vrere borai, oaa val- ued at $1,500, and another at $1,000—all af vdaMtaiaimportance. prize-fight beaa-ankstaittiaUy decided by the referee declaringand were Barleyoying, scarcely (hey movtiiff their own atooxB. They should enter tbe mar- ket with the coming week, as there is every iadlcacion$25,000. Insurance $5,000. The arigta of the file was accidental-that had tbe•MhaavdacUred Satxbs tbe victor atrfightpaysomeattention to de-of Iteiidy basineia from the country.PricesrtUe round. .The tUf^-i«venthpresentsthat Congress shouldrule steady, and will likely keep to, as nospeculative movements app-ar prtbsble and ope-7.physi- ,>T»W halfgWan their opinion that that:protect prop- protects property inwouldbo able to renew the contest for twobecause of the condition of mteOw to come, Farther defalcations, thoughInot,powerofevery thing else. He expressed unbounded for consumptionsurprise that the Democratic Party should at ISc.'Slt'J^c. forfair brands. Cofi'M quiet, and llttieiinf iMliiilil inamoaf^ tha emjrioyes of the Colon Bank ofyears previouslyBO Wood, and informed us that we had to takepromlaeat as a lawyer aad palKlrlaaaiBoant,have refused to do so, and a faint confidenceevening. From oar foreign files we glean details and ex-hardlywas able to turn its own " " on the single eyecandidate of the primary meetings, and blastedatratrer easier terms for bnysrs. Bsar oaehanged. Hams find no sales. BcTTsa—Balsa very slow at S7>ic. for tbe bell. Labs rather weaker aad dull. SuSAa—Domestic do.was broken through ky the ptopellerthis monlag, aad navlgatloB wlll.be atopped for tktaara^^ interest.(AKCotieainodent at tbe capital of Mexico fur-faMb JWatti ot newa from thatolt'-'^TUi ptUeipal topic of discussion was the re- fusal oC.tMGoTemment to escorts specie can- jIiHMaWt3,000,000 half-way to Vera Cruz for lesspublic legislation of parties.must waiton^thesomewhat imlikely to happen.Unfortunately, Mr. Davis does not seem toPoie?gn Haw in fair request by the tradeJorfourdavs. ,-...-».£th^laMfOOO;other day, put half a dozen officers by ^he held to the — what —elected, Mayor Comp- cepting this as a compromise t>etween the North and South.damaged. The population, for ^pe lughta, slept In the open air.day, and that by going to the poUs, he couldinfluence the election of each member of it, we agreed to present the issue in precisely thisafternoon. Mr.TbokasOt Wa who had been confined ptiaonersacted inwithout averywholethree. OneofthemenBIr.Richaxdsoi him down on ain the pSlgMMT by anthority of a mittimus from thefrom Chicago Springwhilst his els choice white Indiana at $1 1& CmiPiMMWit dMf&I^aakimtohim In thatcompanion beat him on the head with a rail, finaUj^not terminated aa itand learns tocencyinitsnominations. ThenominationOf HAyiMKTXB by Tammany Hall, last Fall, was aillustration of thision whenever it can be brought to a focus. Two"him, even if he were the devil incarnate ;'•Iiad been discoveredlioodoo. The visit of the Prince of Walea gress yesterday to stiit the conyenience ofHaltLiQUossweresomewhatmore-aotlve. Piolaoa was firm, with an upward tendency. Molassis and Stscfs were nnchanfied.to ijlnoiica is fixed for the end of July. Tha ateamship City of Washington, which left Liverpool on the 25in ult., and simultaneously widi the Bohemian, arrived here lastmembers who desire to attend the Conrentionat The extended to the Chicago. courtesymovementsits ways, and concede all that—the South de-by a Staaaaer.cityterms emuidered inadmissible, asOur English critics who have been condol-very apparent.Webethe additioBal impost to be t'hai~a~^ll'fald paidth»p<^t abipment.1. nparted to be preparing for anotherhe and out liis inten- i^i%^riar, givea——-,^yy ,_/• VUf attack npoD Vera Cruz next Fal^SS*(Uanated coadklon of the Treasury.Dtaclieck upon these operations.and estab- our National Legis-name to be called is of no — importanceprincipleof non-interven- without improvement. In moment.WiJ[X8,nothing doing ot\ Qovemment at ofrecognizedPaHtiea.,Dia- trict have unanimously nominated Johv W. Rxia for Congress, vice CoL Woonsos, the present Incuaibeat-"^their tion, and insisted—e at the and 8t. LootsMonday, M^A dnaigt d Udstry was talked ofissue at tbethem eould shirk the general scratiny. Each question to be met openly and fairly, whether bbls. faetern crushed, at U>4c.al2c. Traders were theMaruel EWAininr takhg the Home Department, Faav-alleyesupon them;ofcomingthe Federal Governmenta SehCBABunoa, Msedaiy, lbf%f-<naM>i*vaai, tboFinanceaand have eeoured a thirty days* sup- not, pro- ply. The prices since the sale are 13c.. both from pri-Internal The Improvements.and Pocalumtas are board reported welLFnrtJier accounU of the severe;er to the enchantment which empties the Brit-ish *'Parliament on the Derby Day," and car-ries the hereditary wisdom of madly Englandover field and fence in the Christmas holidays.It is, indeed, the interest of all great sportinghave to stand well, not only with thewill,to tbe 18thday.unite the whole South in support of his views. Mr. Clinoman, of North Carolina, did not be-Death afEz-Gaw. Taaawalb. af wligWsb Noiraa, Itoadar, Har 7.;and Miaa t Tibab,unquestionablythe law-giversin equal pow-crushed, powderedand loaf, atao average of 16c.; 1.600A Slave AbaardBrooklyn, Saratoga still at VeraCmz. All ontect slaveholdersand andisturbedin the fullex- P«*TM*d 'hroughout the island of Hayti, on theand when should come andthey forward, everyagainst any action ot the Legislatures or theAeeMeabCaimwA, C. W., Monday, May T." °*^ ^*^T.J month, reach us from Port-au-Prince. Severalbuildingswerethrowndown,thiFederal Judiciary and the Uormoas seemaow at variance thanymmmhabeat eorpua, by Chief Jastice Bckxls,voter was aware that the whole Gov- MunicipalA son of the late Dr. Hacklim, and oepheirtf _and manyetherspoli- graduallyyesterday,1M»^ -,. ^"'earthquakeever, and a recent re-en- careful scru- tiny into its bearing, remote or near, upon the Presidentialbelieve therespectable classes" wonld vote, form;Easton, ontwo ef his laborers, which terminated fatally to theMeadar.Har r.lor the County of Great Saltprospects of the next impending campaign.any rightofto redeem the City imder the present system, in which, after the most arduous exertions to elect a Moses Griimell or an Isaacholdingposition,—"the most violentthe organ of the Saints.ifat all unmistakable shape.Lake,Ml frieads preparing afiida-have one side of the sented in a clear andbut dull;"•bOXlUlio had been hard atTwo sons of Ur. RicHAansov, on coming to his assistance, were ttireat-quiet.ltiiWa. rsf8i£ng WipX*frts-i,¥n Ifl,S000Wheat; 4L700 bnahelsthe release of tSMepAoBSlVUaW&if the strongest groundTiteJB tmA tIt'interfered with. One of the boys ran Into the house, got a double-bar-One or two •ftars aw npeita<t the troops rejoicedcrisis ofmight as well ask a Mr. Hobs-Fifteenth Ward,shot both of the men dead.t the action if MlffaBOB£8. ~great Onetheirgameisuponthem.was " confirmedthese advices were received, from whom they came, what was their date, and what other advicesrtled gun, andfor tola poitis 907,WS bushels Whlat and 375,000 els Cora. _'Aey had«i (•Mi0C***T ^oio theThe Natlaaal TypSaraphlcalabuseissue,events, pre-Grains Cabal';4. sales 3,500 boahsls IWaeta atOa.der oobvictlan for aelling Hatnt'8 iMpaaAiw and decency about foreign nations, wheaitself credit left wholly in the dark. Meantime we are iaform-at the State Capitol. Twenty-lour Unions were rep-In^Mrtant remarks.»*«?y?^ 4»T of Anniversary weektiie function of President-absorb the time andfrom our correspondent at Kanagnwa, dated Feb-Correspondingtary.HUmIb 'pellttofcA part of yourrelaUon to the recent eipoti ot thiimjIilUJ^u,^^f^^vrmmitpr,11 |J»J,-qoently urged, appeared^T credit of t<|90 U.pendeaoe, and of the^irMM* wSK wttoh' hand*tothe ForwhatevercoloroftrathcaabefiMMdla. baalaidtbefoimdatioiiaofhMritit^dpMtMailKiws'^T rmmnMx^^XkaNinw Dxi-aoAni oa«H»»«oiwii vtntuaThe AinerlehH Chaaen'a F^nd Society cele-tMf^^UA receives, and to America which offera ItCapt. A. H. Foot, of tbe United States Navy, and EevofCityNew-York,as now the administered, ishopeaaad thetrlalaofStates. Wei»—WamotK'i Tsa OAiiisT City and "partake of its hospitalities." A resolu- tion was etrered and referred, directing the StreetNew-York. Need we say that Boolk and Express Company.A new supply of horses will be sent from Sacra-Baolst, those noble Amphitryons, leapt mento, but the IncoQiiDg express may be three or fourthat three-fourths of avh bady ahall baOV HmSM-CiaaaiSB or FAramiaa.Commiasionsr to advertise for proposols for the invariably told that before any radical -changeSBCceadsag ooa.of Seveatacfloaidaraadiapartat --Common Coimcil for confirmation. InGOtlkFS 8AIXIS7—No. tor BiOASWAT—EZHm- resolntion Alderman Stars stated that the print-aaMa aa (lAniABT.tmwa OF THE DAY.and that the printing of theI&AaiXwiyesterdaypresentedtatheSenate TheCouncilmenconcurred with theAldermenina M^Matianee against any slteration in the inviting pattat lasrat wbkh abonld take away from pa.City.the without them. The mass of Tbe Council have Toted the Prince tke hos- and second Citylines BRuaa Of nad^kaaai already foinlahed the topic far protracted de the vesaeL The matter waa referred to the appro-Ifrom the deciston of A bQl W88 passed to settle to laoda set apart for the half-breeds in Kaanac no naolntions of Mr. Datis, which'"''I'OetiMCfPftffaofappealbabih 4»ao up- Kr. Datib himself spoke at lengthpriate_ Committee. Both tbe Croton Board and"sooner than do so and they have for so many visit the Institutions." In view of this;con-matter af pnblie conslderaiion.Soma eidtaoMBt was eteatad aa boartaadr •»ployes mgnW^ btad of Union between the North and to give the names of tha parties who securedi> He allnded to cotton as the tbtk aopport.wewith arsenic? For, if the Prince has any impetus to emigration there. A gentleman just re-tadyanrilyin the Territoiiea, and declared it ascorresponding The Court of General Seasions, under the aus-Yorkers who go to church, wear clean shirts,and live honestly, are capable of rising, is thefinds that the savages of New-York keep up ver mines are reported, and the general belief is in- won for wlien Wmuawas Baltimore,this 4tiil>t(Hi that the election of a Bepublican Pres-idaMt wodld be in itself an overt act, whichthe sports of the heathen arena on a small 'creaahig lathe great extant asd richness of this saverregion.The overland mall left for SL Lools at 12 o'clockths Defsrd, and conalgaad to bs IThe Democracy of ths ^auHmg eenld asl kdf ad miring the ingenuity and laipiuleaBa of ths fkigtttvallMi'TThillli wonld be perfectly right in con- the Hay term. A Grand Jury was impanneled,aidaitigcaoaa sofficient for a disaolntion of and wascharged bytheJudgeon thepoints re-ot Numidian lions! We wouldn't offer even a passencers.sandwich and a glass of sherry to a Prince A bill has passed the Legislature appropriating who could inspect our Common Council and $5,000 to provide wells on the Colorado ilesertselecting Uberty.theirspecialsteamer as his ta tranapaitreceived certificates of gradua-!!IBlahop Moaais praseatad tfea^••leysn CoBfereMia »CoatovaeaofTbe America.The twenty-seventh anniversary of ths New Each citizenIlife. knows, aa a matter of fact, thatAmarieaa Chareh ob Amthe ing of the Common Council for the past year costBuper- was done for one-thirdabont'$90,000visors, done^nderthe price paid for the Common Council printing.picesJudge BussiLL,yesterday forsupporta good candidate at the polls, afterscale,palsied pau-ofcommencedofhe has been placed prominently before theirwith new-bora babes andpers for martyrs, and Norway rats in .the place to-day, taking over 8,000 letters, and four through In;andThestance of a Prince whocontract,won't,providefor it.problemsportsplumesofthe Prince of Wales to visit this Acting Mayor PscK sent in a coaimunication in-a letter from the Board of Direction of thetraders anddoctors andt^weeks of anxious expectation will satisfy us Lata news from Mexieo, brought by the steamerOAPB AJID SOUTH Boaxoa.closingGreat Eatterm, making inquiries regarding the possibility of the steamer reaching Xew-York. Alderman FacE recommended that alawyers,week. There is Moneyeasy. Kichangesteady.Bilti^ta Columbia advicesless export demand for Specie for tbe Cuuarder thereupon on Wednesday.' Cotton was quiet at old prices. The transac-tions in Flour were limited, as buyers were notboldlyandseizetheaban-are to the 24th. Frazer Kiver mining news continued favorable.depressed. attention, and were dearer.Hemand of that portion of the South which he re-Whisky. Freightswere somewhat brisker.ertyinslaves, justas itmeetingon band. Few speculations tuire occurred dnriog the past week BooTSand ^uoB8 are dull. C.i.ndlks activelitical life.Flocb steady, with sales of T00bbii.at |( W 'making would one day Promtoent benevoWeduJT Qioughts of Am*"*"" public23,Until we obtaia more definita information, there-we shall still hope that the report is withoutas to tha Mava tra$a. is 1 to do injustice to Mr. Tao«»S«Sh»#»«p«»states that Mr. TasaiaB "aals aa maa*presents y?^.yT ^^'^'f "P°'** "nd proMsdingsChicaoo, Monday, May 7. Wa. Kuxooa waa to-day nominated for reMarshal's officersSUZTSSlCi^teMUnstttnttans. Tha meetings were held last cwniBfamay weU,and to the iweriaHi of Waihikoioh's watched the progress of recent events in thatfoundation. AsaiTXBSABTYour sriucle Repablleaa Convention till heg«£?^^t^rpi?e^» were sqoue. The attend-now re-.A^S«ion it is quite possible that a remedy mk^vS without convulsing the nation or the world.it;On the anhtt df tKe trainW THS tAW UFOBTBSiTUHfcwho^'th?aaSi ST^ aoceoragement aad sympathy were elo-of the 750. Addresaea wars dalivand by RuM SlmUi val- Mr. Pax»i, Osaeral Agent for the 8and«y.Mr. S. 8.'_ _wjajto^man, a SergeantEinglake,or aSirSteek BearA. PHXLAPXLrslA, Moaday, May 7.extent to whichhoped that this prompt and beeomiag action ofthe Legislature may secure for us a represen- tative in Italy who will do justice to the sin- fore,perhape, cenluiy, day,.found that Mr. Mcmt and' Dory' fciaai ths asrrioa."bedoa|>^cere satisfactioa with which Ameriea haselectloB to the Congreas byDwian was taking Itup. TbaB,aad aair thsa. did he dlsmiaprevailed Hay,rators ar% the market from stocks alreadyHon. Sahvxl BxAaDSX.BT died in thia city lastHe had been a member of tsmr night. Congress;FresideBt-Haking ia Congress.Territorial business was postponed ia Con-Carolina,73$c. CoaoAOXverydull.Democracy at the South couldto the Republicans at the West, and the?s&with one another and withover the ruin of our institutions, willnecessarywhich Mr. Davis had laid downDoHxsTic LiQuoss, all looaina; np. Alcohol, Mc. 45c. TxASinmoredemandforfinerqaalities,CamnwnITAtxaK'TAUWiLii,aad Til glnla, died lieia oa Soaday, aged'SS.ingdoubtless cite this nowisbed of practicelatore aa anotherdegeneracy fitjm the " days of Washuiotoh."Common Council;and as wesuggestedthetremepositionEx-OovatasrafThe fact cannot be denied.exercises over of America a fascination at least' Candidates for a body of this sort woul haveMr. Davis insists upon making the direct:April 26 all well. Tbe combination among operators inour among peoplewho meddle withEastos, Pa., Monday, ICay 7.wish the Charleston Convention could have C. Siiatt,flagrant proofof earplaces,troller are, 4^ ths votzs ot ths wboli Crrr.Bab FaADCisco, Saturday, April 38. Arrived last evening.sbip Jas Snmm.ftom Hong Kong; steamer 5o7iora, with 376 passengers, from New- TorkThe Democrats of the FifthCongressionalthosetics at aDswallowing up every other feature of our po-feU Into the riverFalls.Blarfccta by Telearaph.OswaaoLah*'and, like Aaron's rod, it isNo law of any importance isanand respectable farmer, living three miles abovetbe badanaltercatloawith Lehjgh Kiver,over;It would.be idle, therefore, to expect that any legislative business whatever shoidd hold its own with the members of either Hotise when theRicHAassoa,old, wealthycarriedNlaganCongresscaught acyth,pulling$» 71 tram (Sd Wp $625fromwhitedo. waaaadaUisalssi«* Ittafyears in the present dayij^^l «««Thlslsa^ Mr. aa ha fesaid ef tha.pfacttcaHfalways glorioas, long nnfortanate,geaerated oooatry.beyond the AtlanUe, of tke great SMiebolan First lurooaadvote at the Chiteatna CoBventlon.at Clevelaa*" Clbvblabd, Monday, May 7.TBiiansa, as soaa coaaSBBlealH tt to Mr. Dwiaar, and itGooD- thirty millions of souls. .I^IMI,.^ which thia difibience breeds tJfMMjtIM Tori Ootak, ;iVllTadfif Mm alcoe which U^MT.,Phlladelpbiatdtii*nun of'win doobtleaa be bleat—to doobljrbrated 0* thRWhWobd anniversary of the organ- great mass of the people aever know who jThe United States have sufferedunder the DDJnst reproach of ladifference toUASnSIzatioB atSr. taartall Church. Interesting ad- diesaea ireift deliraied by Gapt. A. Babtlxtt, ofthe Xatl&e UniooaiT Society of Bostontheir member la in any legialatiTe body, thelong enoaghVAyOBim. Vaw'Tork Timsa.Epis-nnwiHTrliVh ba to addreas of the evening, and was follomd by Mr. jority of instanees he has ceased to care.Euo, a reformed inebriate, C. C. liKlSH and othera. The Methodist Oonfetonce yesterday reeonaid-iUhriMriMiama dunild be mtwho it is that showers " tickets" into his house regulating tlie dispoaal of all cases which would on their behalf for a week before the elec-4days hours,and Bade «tbafora nine e'eloek P. IL, loae aB—who worics to secure their election what their antecedentscitizens of New-York, will be foimd elsewherein our colimins, and is quite a curiosity in its way. We had not supposed that there existed in the whole world any competent rival of the Court Scribes who compose Her Britannic Ma-27—the Pony Ezpreaa of ttie 20th left tbe fol-hope ttat the AsMtteaa CtaNt wflt fitn as Aan finally assnata UsaU fttia alT with that buttlutla.Blahop. Moaais alsoH^j^^rffi-tkaMMitaaa < Satorday,SincelovrtDg ships haye arrived>^^~^'.ts-.—f iilaaalfii ilfcwi vadar the baada ered its action onapptrinting a Com-aceattaqtad to lafiBT. It la,to tka advaitiaata aa;BasbtBuxa—Biosu THKATBS—innuttee on Appeala, and the Chair waa ordered to^what are their claims and — qualificationsappoint a Committee of seven to prepare a codeLouise,fromHamburgandSwitsarlaad, haU atMik. ^ta»7&WesleyanAndwhentheeanatttaMdl_ IgBoraat popolattoa agaiMt IisliAmerica. It expressed gratification at the exist- ing seatiment of the churches on the subject ofB411U- Slavery, and regret that it was impossible to sendaly rhei)matic pageant with which the March 30.The same Bishop submitted a sim- ilar address from the pastors of the annual Con-lavish"on Turks and Japanese, accept proposals toAnirraJackson,forCallao NsTtkern ;marSOUhasaa tta AaMtle^ <A^^^ Ob motion if Mr. Sam, ths Co^MHaa sa Ciaia delegation.commissions,municipal hospitalities"sessions of Britain's ParliamenttheirLight,claimupon tlie of sympathiesITHUTRK-Oauaaa BAWfcTHXATXK—Taa Sclsub's DASOHtiB— June 22, 1859. A memorial from Dr. S. LUOEIB,eapulco.ImlgratloB has agala eommenced from China.ference of Franae and held at Switzerland,periodshopelessinvolutionspairingParis,proposing an executive council for the govem- inent of the church, was referred to a special- Committee.The preliminary measures for obtaining some sort of a testimonial for John C. HiiifAS, thepugilist, were taken laat evening by a select, party of his admirers, who met at the Malta Saloon, in Broadway. Resolutions congratulatory and com-poDdesoe waslnstraetedtogara to the statemcBt that tha BiltiAbeen memorlalixed by tha Seek Btvar a-—.^ q^^ fereace.Bishop Moaaa pnaeaiad a maaartal &«aak^S,;petoffering;foreigncodd not have asked a happier occasioa forTork Msgdslen Femsle Benevolent Society, tookplace at Dr. Pott's Church, comer of UniveraityPlace and Tenth street. The Treasurer's Beport,on the whole, waa aatisfsctory, aa it showed that ter are regularly carried Into execution, the Institution waa less than $1,000 in debt, whileARRIVAL OF THE OTSRLAND FONV EXPRESS.•**'>^«Jo^f^a^S'S^tTTi^ ^Bishops of the Aasrieaa — MaSSlU?l.-anmes that thoseits patroua were increasing, and its usefulnisss al- which direct the election of a certain ntimbermmtm^auiBui of the einsolatioa of ttie most daily extended. Addreasea were deliveredof Aldermenpetition was yesterday evening handed in to these angnst Conscripts, praying them to bid the»ewa tnm C«imbSt. Josapa,The time of » 8M houra.Sabin ISfii, Ths receipt of a <CoBf«nBee,flathesbl[Mat«CAnniversary in the Qreene-itieet llethodlstiB at tha MiUest copal Church. Mr. Babucii made the principalpetitioo,to takethe last 120mUa(lB Ameilna teettaita. The ViMtk raie^r^^~~'^hospitablereception be extended to the officers and crew of in a bar-room over a comer grocery. Theyas to the intentions of his Royal Highness.Cortex, says a Liberal Army, 8,000 strong, was re- ported to have taken C<dima and Mknzanilla, wlthsntThe steamer S- R.Hart. aixlvai at Sthe sent in the names of all em- City Ins|)ector,'It is estimated that 7,000 people have already gone there.Sunday Bwratag, by a fogittva riave A^l isaall^made theirBoaHi aaid tlie South demanded protection be- them employment, whereat the Coimcilmen were as manifest as it can possibly be, that it is highasnpplying Bellevue and BlackweU's Islandwaa bar as well aa the daty of the right,much onended.There were 405 deaths in tlifsttimed, met oa the moontalas, during two days, 1,000loaded bead of and 800 beef oaf mules, 3,500 sheep,tie going over to the mines. New discoveries of sil-free negro, bnt the dicnaistsnras woald aat mtmIXcaaafltQaMnl Ooranunant to extend it." " chivalry in him, the chances of war willbe rather increased thaa " lessened " when hethe trath of thatcoorae of the SpmiUmg aad JalamnMod Iha ataiasa Bettjamin Drfor*,-wUeii left Bostoa Batnidar aftv-He tboaght Co^pMlfkadtkepowertoeatabliahgoTemments were430and367 fortheatatement. CapLHewas alland thatheir but failed respective Departments,determination on this point;tingency, supposeopenforCityagainst 491 during the preceding week. Therevirtue to which thoseamongthemodem New-reportedweeks of 1858 and 1859, respectively.*the Caion. Borne remarks of Ur. Datis brought quired by the statute. Nothing else was done. eyes, and care taken net to distract their atten-oatlfc Bbowb, who repudiated any sympathy As soon as another room csn be procured, the Be- tion from him. That they may be relied on forwMTw. P0U6LAB. By way of demanstrating his torder will hold a distinct Court, the City Prison this much, however, we think the two last vig-BosToa, Monday. May. 7. The lire in South Boston yeaterday deatroyadthe Chemical Works of Hoooss A SiusB.aiadt^Q',keofferedaaasubstituteforthesecond beingcrowdedtoexcess."The Legislature has decided to adjourn till Mon- orous contests with Wood and the election of " Institutions without inwardly resolving to day, the 30th. *"and thfad of the resolutions, of which he is the au-The Common Council of Brooklyn organi;ftd last"bombard New-York on the first opportunity-$20,000Insured $15,000.;thor, one declaiing it to be the duty of Congress to evening, electing Mr. Mabtiw Kalbflbisch Presi-pasa anch laws as shall extend to slave-properly dent. The various officers In nomination, includ-tlkB aeme protection which other property enjoys. ing all the Municipal appointments controlled byComptroller Haws clearly prove.Primary Meetings and Nominating Conven-Prepsratlohs are making far a grand demonstration In San Francisco in benar of Gov. Dowsii's veto of tbe Bulkhead bill.Shockloc AeeUeat at the Baal*. TTnurrx-auri eaiLDanr oaowaaD wauaA PIO-BIO.AcGusu, 6a., Maadar, May T.It b reported and believed that twea^-nine gills and boys, who were on a pic-nic aad iiklac pei^t were drowned In Bozkin's Mlil-poad, near Caaatea, S. C, on Satarday. The boat sunk bi the tiMla ttMr. CUXOILAX followed Mr. Bkown, but before he the Board, were then chosen, the Democrats uni- tions in City politics ove all their importancebad eoBClnded, the Senate adjuumed. The House fermly electing their men. The Board of Super- to the distraction of the public attention by aThe Inepressible Conflict.The poUiical prize-fight at Charieston waa The Pony Express, with St. Joseph dates to the 20th,pasaed, w&haut debate, a bill reported by Hr. Bob- visors also organized, Mr. BrKPHiN Csowcllrenewed at yesterdayThe Dem- anived at Caraon City at 13« P. M. to-day.A strong efibrt has been made in the Legtslatare toImil Ml from the Committee on Foreign A.&airs,being chosen President. A large number ofmultiplicity of candidates.When they haveWashington. ocrats on this side the water havetUs advan-be deniedsous, feelingly,President-makingHe w—Refined Sugars broke through this morning, causing a great decline in prices, and an auction sale of 3.61)0 bbls.I,Iproyisionsand Common Councilmen to re-Oraiek, regiettlBt thairiBabllllw tomai n»,j|1to ths Bumtoas,mainly responsible.WAWa* C1.ABIB, of New-York. The repW of cent citizens of New-York who can tell with-proving how atrongly we of repted aa nmtKi >ir— . sympathize with tHegtoonJ. Ex-Oov. Bmr, Naw-Tork, Henn'Who selects the caadidates —FaAscssop, Friday, Aprils.40 P. U.—are:Ajnll 90, Fifing Mist,the pastoiaof Ih*Aaaaal Ot^itmm\-^-:t_^representatives,good nations, theytotrythsaarae,appealtoandareviaalbrthe geaanl CoafmaeaM well as a general iiniiiiliiliilaai j at Urn heskawKThere are Toiy few de-the Secretary shovved a floating debt of »6,000, "and gave a very favorable account of tlie domgs out refenlng to a Manual" who is their every rational movement of true progress GoooM, of TlrgtBia, aad Baaui, of Marylaod, an acttanof the CaSumittSt Mlof the Society during the past year. represestaUve, either in the Board of Alder-The twenty-third anniversary of the Union Theo- men, in the Common Coiucil, In the Statetbrougbont the world, than has been given ns among the arrivals. "'*rr-'-iii| a riswiiisi si Iin the tranquil emancipation of Central Italy ^r. CouAX, of ladlaaa, is also on haad, donbtless was ordered to a»ollt<|, CaMtOI* it ilogical Seminary took place at the Mercer-streetfrom tbe gloom of a brutal despotism into the ture to say that two-thirds of the conatitnents of light of liberty,' aad from the disease of chronicPve a cods ragalstlM Aa <=«*?^«>d report to-«Miwa.Church, on which occasion thirty-oaeLegislature or at the Federal capital.We ren-la the character of a lookar-oa.There is a strong tttUag for Gen. Heouaa.wUhscarcely less for Jodge HoLsAa. Aa yet, however,1tmmmm-•l «-aPrcsbyterisByoung gentlemention. Several of the graduates delivered short essays, and the exercises closed by a partial ad- dress to tbe class from Dr. SKUjiaB, one of thePtofesaors.any member of either braneh,are in bliasfiil norance of the splendid figure which thesemunicipal statesmen areconspiracy into the health of eonatitationalorder. aaybeliTes in a certainWard, and he pfe-acoiamwlrattoafrontb*jesty's speechesBisbop Mosmn preaented the answer of the Brit- tion, he cannot pretend to guess, and rarely orations have long been regarded asths lataat for tka come under the of such a committee. supervisionthe progreas of Molhodiin CoatlBent, notwitbataadiag theties hsd incited ths— ConferencetotheConferenceof takesthetroubletoton Nfvifk,fromNew-YorkfVMiau>« Ctob ths Biwill let the City go to the dogs a dozen times,chuaetts DelsgatiOByearstime for all earnest reformers to cease badger-Isat week thein about it. The utmost stretch of civic ingsubscriptionthecoalbunksinsearcheffcedaadwater. Besasa The Improved roads over the moantains give a new his name as Williak Baaooa, sad daelaial ha vna arequisite two-thirds vote flSTitiija aabuy Secretary, The Stock was one set the public at defiance. The " " Oregon dates are received to the 21st. G. K.ap- to nominateat tUBOO per ^t'""'" On the motion of Mr. Grow, Exchange nearly per cent, pub-an- upon the General Share dealings yesterday, as lic becomes bewildered, disgusted does ;—have a fresh mill whenever they like. Ifextend the session,aatkaiixtif the app<Hntment of a full Minister to at a of $12,000, with ainpointments, Bepublican politics, were made.fifty,the caucus menmaytha didbala cm Territoiial afiairs wastQ Ihaiaday, in order to take up tne Tarifi bill, thataaoBofthemembersoftheHousemight set lliritnliiia right on that question before leavingtbe resultcanone trial is notThe "drawn battie"Otbixl has been nominated as the Democratic can- the pond. The water has been drawn oS, aad atoe-postponedcompared with Saturday's last ratesitems, but with a declining average for the new and doggedly stays at homeupon try again.satisfactory theythe market closing firm, and with a speculative temper. 'The Bank return shows a moderate increase on all thenot know whom to vote for; comes to the conclusion that the candidates are all knaves,didate to Congress, by a Convention held at Eagene which aty.teen bodies have been found. beea heard.No naaaes haveito fix its mind on them, to learn something aboiA them, the worst Convention is cowed before the responsi-ciation of Douglas and hisMr. Davis said that was new foods bat uie freedom with which are burnt. Lossl>ility,Death »r Bnmmel Beardsley. UncA, Monday, Maystrikingpublic opin-sales ef the week, 7,700 boxes, dcsingterms of ths Court, aad had i"— ajidin making publicThe ConncilmeB aad the Prlaoe of Wales.The Coondlmen are ia their gloiy. Theyare about to house at the cost of the keep openCity, and entertain, not indeed angaU un- lanDlarmtloB fmsawares, but princes with malice prepense. A Ceae»-ReeeMt Acts af the I.eKlaUt«r»— the bop*it had nominated Fibnar-:of tbe Char-men oweread, 1b favor of-estaMiiMVtf twelve days before tbe steamer having the treasure to four yean, whice aball hoddig-mattets have bM assoaedFROM THE PACinC.solemntering office, begin to rig out roTlng sanitary Sovereign of Britain opens and closes theBeoles and theon en^toThe Church U making rapid prognaa tora*Inquire.Bagleys, immediatelyfittingpartofthebat slight-passaeageca who left Mew-Tork in many tnstaiiceaplace, intelligentmust "attend the primary meetings." Weadmitthatiftheydiddoao,itwouldbeagreat onthehalf-shellwillonlyenhancethedelicate thing; but it is high time that we should rapacity of their detSres ; andfrankly recognize the fact that they both don't fat now upon the high-bred, fine-flavored sub- andwe have to solye is, not how {to im- Black Edwabs in his crest, and whose veins prove tbe primary meetings, but how to are ripe with a thousand years of royalty.consequence.aaaadrdv^ llfarWTawsifcalitgoyemrespectablemechanics, will not turn out of their houses in the evening in order to heard Ward politiciansof the A apitalities City. few, fewCompaaiea carrying telegraphic across the contpieat, has paaaed both Houses.OAmnnot, we hope the Rich- constancy would be greater than we have it nominate Mr. Davis for President, and Mr-asit didand vote energetically. Their courage and mond Convention will remedy the deficit. Letexpect ordinary mortals,any large body they should labor hardthey may the triumph af a Boole, abyin the Third or Sixth.Barryor aFarleyby privateadvices."BywhomfromCusHiNO for Vice-President,—we shall then fence andar'i.pAaoiLirimiB.ofNortliQarblta^now un- EoBiRT Peki. to talk justice, reason The Sardinian Mission.—The House of have ever been received on the subject, are points The National Typographical Union assembledStocks Steady. PpeSnIn^sylvsaniia- ~State ftvaei Vfi i SIX; Morrisfqoi J^aiv,^^^^^^^^^^^^^01 THC JiBSET CiTT SaBBATH ef tha Fouitk Congressional Dlatdetttf this StaU. The in (he mattermenin the last•» »«»«*•» fo"80BMI..—The fifth anniversary of the Jersey CltySab-aftemoon, and waa banoi of the received by Mr. Douolassfind him,Bell in the neutralizedWashington correspondent yesterdsy stated that the rumored death of Townbend Harris, Esq.,murder the whole family If they were2,400 bashelsCoia: bushels Peas._ bow-.appetitesupona Pasha;The Chabr taaoaaced as thsprepare a plaa for tha diapeaal af appeals, Moody, Claik.Nalaoe, Hltrheeafc. Pottsr, and Roddy.Adjooraed.Seventy-thrao patmaaa taaehaa$s«r ttsi rule, and two sgalBa^ waie |petitionabout the heir ofwhich wasEsecntlva Cojifienaice for tte gorai^BartsfAa Church, so consiat of tha Bishop aifrom each Annual Coafenaee, to bathat illustriousour cis-AtianUc compliments and good wishesin language not imworthy of the Court Joumal, meet them arrires In New- York." lessen the chances of war." He thereforepablished,closed the proceedings at Charleston satisfiednobody. So, without waiting for Richmond,Jefferson Davis renewed the contest yester- day in the Senate. He made a very longspeechThe Convention failed to nominate candidates for Presldetitlaj electors.Fire ia PUIadalpUa. TWXBTT-XIGHT H0B8BB Bt7B>XD IB A BTABLa.to thecountry.merely repeated the de-They whetted their a few dozenthey thewill feedWlMAM TBI Spsolal OispatohMeadiy, Hay 7. But few delgatee to the Union CoBvention are onIt is estimated that (35,000 in drafts were traasmit- ted Eastward by the Pony Expresa, which may reachIties interested, bnt which canaot yet betemporal mattets of thsdaysJapanese acttocreatetheofficeofStatetofor a rats of the people to decide where a ConventieBshall be called to revise the ConstitBtion.The bill ta appropriate $50,000 to build a wagon road £roB Placerville to Carson Valley, was considei^ed and lost.The bill giving a boaus of $«0,000 and •40,000, in in-stalmentsof$6,000and$4,00Sperannum,to thefirstPerhaps he will come to New-York ; perhaps opposition.he will not. Perhaps, if he comes, he will The Washoe silver mines are still tha all-absorbing o'clock tills momlBC.bnt the tage of tbe champions on the other, they can could not be obtained.daUaltesha^.B.CUaa-ShlrpUciMelU. tloa to the- -barkfrom tiie throne. Those 22d, ships VomiRg' 5tar and Aieiia Fufa, trem Bas- 1850. Tae addreaa gives a ftvenU* nMt ^•'andpilot the Great Eastern, build monnments to aptiy with the fat cream-colored horses which The ship Fifing Mist, arrlvad from Hong Kong,mostlog alocg the gilded royal coach, and with the hyperbolical liveries of the attendant train.;clumsy:23d, tbipa Ins, Stusrt, ;Panama,Sailed, April SS, ahlp /cm Burt, for Mazatlaabrought 470passengers,ahlpJames Brswn isvrithand Sea Uth, steamer Csrtez, {rooaPim.tB»i.raiA, MoBdBy,M9-T. B. D. Stitson'b Tattersall Stablea on mbettet., in of the resolutions which SiQcethe8eilijig.of the steamer on the 30;b, basiness below were daatiBrad fcalMaplatform. nothing veryfrom first batid? to any great extent. They aro stock. Tke adjoining buildings ware also r«'H*'^:quiet and firm; small lots of crashed Sngar by recent arrivalsereaelliigat16c. Largsoperatives(arestlU holding on without lale. SPistTS TospaHiIss, slow ot must get rid of our cimibrous and ridiculous lieve that it was to take tke ex- sale at 7uc. Sfii>its ana Fosuoa BaABSiis. iiiaotive.him in a Themoralofallthisisconcentratednoaeelection.wouldnimsellers and bullies of one ward, but with theor will in the Territoriessole rurchascrs.vate hands ai*d refinery^A FearfulMCBDIB OF A WEALIBT rABMKR HIS ASSASSINSTbe schooner Julia vriiieh sallsd&OMftiB Anis,port on Sunday for Phlladalphta, lataiaai lUs as^ ing, having discovered a alave aboard.intelligence and civilization of tha entire City;of their possession slaves,Tragedy. —people of the Territories themselves. Weernment was to be elected on a particular trust he may succeed in this endeavor. We A horrible murder was commuted near here this Thos.The Bxpctid Death of He. Harbis.—Our ened,Caul bbls. «onr:didwithout debate, a bill from the ed that no such intelligence iias reached the StateRepresentatives, yesterday,KM^Sailravl, Can^.g'i^Critit, aewtanead to two yean' immlMpHiit, andooiPBtaefioftS,OW,toldthestoryofhiahanMilpsat the Cut Aasembly Booms last arenlng, atid party the sweet hope of ousting a rival Premier Comatittee on Foreign Relations, which au- Department at Washington, nor have the friends QCBAX, of Chicago, President; W. X. MASiOAa, of Sight Exchange"early $200 was collected for him. He was ques- frmn bis seat, and landing themselves among thorizes the President to appoint a Minister of and correspondents of Mr. H., in tiiia City, any in Boston, and S. E. Bassxtt, of Memphis, Tics-Pres- V The Depary Marshal.tioned by a South Carolinian present, and the flesb-pots of the British Treasury. Whether the first with aanewoiedtothepoint. TheveritableHcltcbin class, jfttjfn*personawaspresent,andmadeafewun-tbefitameno(oxaConatituUonanticipatedtheattheCourtofViotobSmanvki,.ItistobeWereceivedlaatevening,moreover,aletterretary; SecreMo>43A>,Colombia,8.C,ntUUitersftheaSretiwc-lTeemrktThiwmmtrsinjustice,bypassing,JamsH.Faa-Is5adllallraad,UJ<: '••g°5"?i^"""^ at ar.nonsenseand indecency offer theirresented by forty delegates. ThefollowingofficerswereelectedSecretaryofLegation,formation of the kind. idents : T. J. Waish, of New-York, Recording Sec- N,w yoax, Monday, Hhf rtlandThis recognition from^ of^ckaage which has come over the spir- Uethodia<,S00;llissiaB,12Si Almsfeaaae,U. ^.ef the Italian dreamor with which Italy has fisught for her inde-from Pittsburg, day, co&talBlBf a crowd ot retumlsj Deleg«<ss I» t^Untitled DocumentUaloB.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069which makes no allusion to such event- any:I>iruhB$»«|(»tti9k __ - I««BiiKt'toeorrectlon of thejrijUka^^ishes thedreo. The schools First Prssoitake. agair, infnrTBaUnn;arotmdtbeneckvrith aSAN F1LANCI«C0 MARKETS.;Judge SopraBieother important statinna, Ha had for forty yaats idoing. RicktirmDavtiooDs areratber more active, with a slight Ifflpvove-New Cos, $sa$65(l.that it would even yet repent of the error of Old nntalasle. LsBBsa moving steadily as last qnoted. A I.sek ia the Wellaad Oaaal Brakebut as the new Charter bad now separated themunicipal election from all others, tbe public cording to present appearances, it does seem very quiet. PaoviBioas—Small sales of Pork and BaconC.CAnuaoias, W., Moaday, HijTsires. This is not impossible, though, ac-NiiLB heavy at sXe. Naval Stokib inactive. OnsSt.A lock ia the Welland Canal, at AUaasIment MaekEssL, ss? kit. No. 1.Geologist;provideThe venerable LimBtov BaAKIT, 41}fc.eHc. Pcai Spiairs, 47Kc. WmsaT, formerly United States Saaator,upon the necessity of ac- I.ATBB. BUaaaartintob T.BBOT DIAD BT ONX OF BIS SOSS.jamming the rail Into hie brain.Comand threats were made to fire the premises andbaskais Ceta.boshafo UOObasnels Bailay;OaUa. NABBVUis,Tenn.,Monday,May7.andIsaac ofDemoeraey of this city fired in guns this evening in,:onNew-Voik p; ZSth, forAc-ftttftns MSMaalla^L ItMraddress, anong after < seawar* sattsbeUoa atthe —asBoomtiBcand hopes that the work la PranceLnozxv,ia OieTbememoilalvrasrafeiradta a salaetVBaaaBlowar: Whaat THa, 7e., to New-York. Lmks tmpmU Sjse MisFloar; 7,400 bndwU ^HMatHMO::Rye 8,(00. The amonat of Grain afcat from the Up»"L~J*1or tBM www.fultonhistory.com 