 HBW-TUKiCTHURSBaT.JDHBII,1860. VBB MJCW.TOKK TIHmS.PatUAtd IB th* ToiU BaUdtnc, (rontlagsociat)OB,Sonih,pe.Mi48y, a Committee was ap-Oar City Oovemuat— Tabokt, NeededRafomwheningoodapoutiDgorder,Ucapableofde-^Ol Puk. on PMk-rav, flfne* ud Kmwo»iBi>I »b4 •WBlBi-Pt!o» Two CinTi, Kxyta »t UJ4the Societv "P""mankind. tiave TheyCiiy.passed a resolution the askingtASBAAtthe LiveStockMarkets,yesterday, businessin the beef trade. a The large number of 3,920 buUock. were offered"—filling their own pockets, without ultimately whether bistol* pnbUmed on tke of (Tery MftU atoftmer. Prico, in vrftppen.action in th^ Western Shares,appear.rates of Tuesday. of the Irith News, we much fear that betweenprecedent apprehensions.pain penal- which all distinguished foreigners in LoitdonlaeTtUiMemore <;•venttoa.fcfftfian«•• eeMft ftr rilatla Of^kft.tMM-OMk lawlftMy ta ftdrsBflo.AllIat«Hk tehonHnwei to the <• Foblbken T»»»taoB,irow-TftrkCTty."upas sociallions,Ammi- Oaumwu MuAaAin.BO.M« BKOADWAT—Fftor. JAOOBS' Maqioai, Ekixs-of large size Sheep and Iambs are worth 36c. ^ head more than one week ago, and are selling readily as fast as they arrive Hogs are scarce, and a shade higher. T^hey are taken as fast asThe Iriah in Italf.the Pope." Aiso, because "the Irish, fighting in their ahirts, saved Cremana in 1782." Also, beeauM it is to fight somebodysure that anything will thoroughly rouse ouranchorite, but his hunter will clap him down onKBUVa aALOON—Gwftaa CniSTT'a MoreniLS. O^AI^TBKKT—ye.SN-WBRMCK'lFul0AUUT they in^^good practicesomewhere, in case they should ever be calledwOarAUwes.CBMBCS GADL£BT—No. 101 BUASWAT—Xzbibi-utterly regardlessof theoutrages theysociety"what the lamentablepersonsbmoeawEuiuAftT.we are free to say that for those who desire | practice in the art of war, with the ultimate^th large conimerce. Heeither Octbus or BasoEmtaai,COaffowtha^the cocdtict of Irishmen finds an echo all over the world, wherever liberal inBtitatioos existletters,are toOALLXBT—Ho. Ttl BlOiSVAT-CBCaini'StendlDg to b. headed off la this r* way, gaSOVnL'8 TwnianutaiWiuukasi. mtion.One would suppose Mayor Wood's re-successful assertion of absolute authority enhances the importance of his hunter. Thereaotio. ef a 'a. It (a cov fee Gomii'sfrieadstoplaytheaeztcard, tUsW^K•»**! «^" esse•!»fb* mW-TOEi riMU iDmU»* 1» »«l>U»tied erMy suits of Its labors. The next annual meettagtheirfunctianof theHoDtiiic the Japanese Uoa.«"'manhood of the interestdue 1st Jtily in New- away.distinction. The Siamese Envoys who wore gold coats and never washedCotton was dull and heavy. Flour and Wheat m W CowuKO * Co., BuiTiae, Pft., hft" T" were quite active and were firmen. Comwwearsentteily impossible that men should go on, monthJudicial Appropridtion bills, reduciug the subjects wishers in theof controversy to seven, including the (ainoua world. The$21.aOO,6bO loan amendment, was first rejected, linquestionlng anogancebut, on motion let recoosideratiun, concurred in. which English Governments have for manyThe Baltimore Convention did absolutely no- years conducted their system of foreign rela-andproceedofround total seventy -eight million dollars. It ourused to be next be we Uiis mall rGute the repre- Monday may regarded, suppose,*?^iS°.J.u .«""""^ 'hat the office was abollthed by the law for rea.,„in- the Om.r»ntlnp^Adminlstratloolemainedby Ae CommiMioiMra of Quatamine xh. i.ttprwas referred to the Cmiiuai of the Buarrt.tractions to have the matter leg»iiy decided' another people, may well be regarded as the'cent, stock, redeemable in 1874, to the amount the absoluteof suckMediterranean. Certainly, we need a respectable Tariff.a reform, we force in that as American interests of Termont, (Hep ,) favored reon-grants have arrived during the week.thepressed upon the Irish heart.hand has To such blind well-wisher ofweight WilxiAM N. UcbitTBft and JoBN C. Tcc»s, *""^ t^^iplEagllshdentlyportionsYesterday, Recorder Ba.iiau>, in the Court of General Sesrioiis, quuhed the indictments againstMr. HuHiaa, of VirgUiia, (Dem.,)Crotoo Aqueduct Board. His Honor ruled thatwerethe sum of ttie app.oprUdonsthan the estimate. Si tbe pre«i.t Plfa»ieboau5eTib»em^"«»«not a {Blony, a. charged in the indictments.any caw, a dafiBlidant, having committed a mis- demeanor, dioald oat be indicted for a felony, subjecting him, a. it would, to penalties which tne law did not contemplate. The District-Attorney had no option to indict for felony in all cases, Ir-teapectiveofthenatureoftheoffence.^Mr. Bilbao, ctDelaware)"S^iTb^rawMtm of Mr, TctJSgx,atppointiagfacts relating to the re-9, bitterly-injured contending in viln foryoung man under twen'y-one Mems to entertain no fear of defeat.efthrae to in. ihTesttgaisof teacherspeople, contending »„dthat of the Irish nation which willShe evident- reflect discredit upon a run after" a young maa o.eiceed» ..irocate* nU, (R;P-;> i^*^;mo^ r^..very rights which the people oftheRo- tension ot thepowerly thinks that it wouldBuilding Broadway,lost,secure andof interestto niake atlal manner. InCooper Institute was an uns.fewerem^siosstrongIstfor it, that they the Government that the contingency of de-•^of Rhode Wand, (Rep.,) "sMiratteol tbe Secretary of the Trrwary "''SCommi>sionhaveexaminedaslose, the quickerbut quite It is not un- of mud-andreportedit tm-remainit is the safestmay be offered.in a cave of the Missis- '"wf'Poix, of Missouri, (Dem.,) opposed'any amount The lesson will be cheap at a million of doUars.-Into seekon board an English vesseLthe ';^ '"J'/*^.,^ ,or the «Uu.tmentIJoynient of an is.,lati-d 8H|fi.h prosperity, it lu.ght beprotection —MemphisAwith a lady's at. imporum coi,wconsequence of a rumor that ready friends of all whoon the sure to beit is clue »« the creait of than can be said for the greater numberrooidssittingparlor subaqueous gamebuildiog, the Cbm- and aregratefulforit, which i. morea Thatcodfish happenedalongof poker. furiflior pre"f ,e^7, -aio would, therefore, vote forezaimned it, and report it vo.7_5l2L??S'' m^ Education, l.-tst eveninf. the are and have for age, beensippi, engaged In ••a r«coB*i(l«»-coateinndibLg that Uiey wo9naidlotion u> f iteid the easslon <"CamtoutM by the Trustees of the Four-hthe eftimstes.tbe necef sltv of a teoousiderAiiM,"">•"''»« means toIrfalmllax outrage, was passed by a vote of 30 tS 1\\more respecta form of the conditions,^;''J^ argnujaaenuj, »8>•«>t offtisd S3 an additional,andsuffering vvri>Dg.But we have their own wordand took a handto a foot-race, andWtit ygro^lftncK gimeg, . g^gdog,' %vmt n, imb.and Hessra. Tuuuit, WAtiaVBT and Eaant erelgns of their own choice. OfaUaatttres, bofli parties in Congreas ahonU' appreciate Oe speeches aa he deems it neceuary to make.NEWS BYFROM WASHINGTON.thenaturewhichleanis00joaticeudma•ya- importanoeof«naint«ii.i.,g^^PnbUeCredit.pathy in (he sohool of affliotlon Is the mast pointedtoeAndBeIotathecanaeaoftbedawn- odiousandthelowest!"' "andofficemaybe Miggerswere.ppolbtadMidOocaaittoe.very fine things, but when it is remembered that Mr.TELEG&AFfl.At the of the HndMn Biver BeatingB.pUrtAs-fali of the Baveratnw Baptist Church, and reportat the next annual meeting. Several churches ashamed of the were admitted to the Association, and a report wasSwiss have atof the CoHMOB CoaacU.The Evemng Post Is inclined to beUeve thatBellgion," congratulatingw"iju _|resignedwrongsSouth," it willbe held la tha Tonkers Bsptlst ChurchyThe first day's races of the Spring Meeting,on world. Like whoCorporationsmaller boys the wrongs which greater ones have in- XMifty«ftr;M« oople. by and "",»°- flicted upon themselves, the oppresMd Irishft w«ek, atUed 8ix I ou.am • ye»'-boysavenge uponlivery and toTheOiaHve.tUed did not tsleplace, f^'^^"'^as^"aa/- now ft ceived forfeit. The third race took place»• mtW-tOEKTtMM (*>oil-7"k'»)-'";» 2?''Counsel, in substance, whetherhare notlegiilttlTv iid IxtevtiTeFashion Course, came off Tef^'^^y- „7"f, "J^* «o<»ie addnH ior Itra OoL- was won Throe's Neck. The »«=''"<'theyIppraptiittai BUl-Tke $S1,M0,000 Lou HitAgreed te.Bfl^.fORX TIVEB (WmUt)—two DOUUS ,in to the discarded begese visitors have scarcely undergone in their visit to America, which would have figured in the front rank of their distresses had they grat ified the self-complacency of our British cons-step<oa eoplM «> o"* ''<*•• A>' tis DoUAM: StrlSd. »d ws, won by Prophet, to the .urprue pick up tbe rejected rations.'-„^c(toaiieft4dra«iBrTTOnrTl>ouuu. ^ajr t„mtmi •>• £"«* 0^ IWMy or «are wiU tf cn-(Mr^Mm <x(ra«nr. The SMo-WMUy ftad Wteklfof a Ism. majority ot those present.The Brooklyn Common Council, last evemng,vot«i down a re«)lution to invite the Japaneseftt the leveit elnb ratOi. Bpodnen B^iken torwftrte* apns ftttUoittea. /(at la OleruBeanS TIMm ruB OAUroBMUto visit that city.Tbe Stock market, yesterday,some of which ad-Money affairs.been recHved from thegreenIsland" isfast meltingtor .le on th. ftm«l of th. eulj doing better. Groceries and Provirions teUlgant.'City Treasury every possible way, giving away valuable grants by votes that aretheir bring liar-wJJkriJlSIiCKKWB'8THKATBC-OoJtfunUEnASSt _««*«T.MOft'ft Wdw.moderafety iuquired for. Naval Stores were Indemand. Oils were quiet, as were likewiseXeuls, Tallow, Hemp, Seed, and Tobacco. Themovements in other branches of trade were limits the market. It rajoicos at the thought of the ed. There were 477 vessels of all classes in port.Loan Bill tbeymmBV-BOWIXT TH»AT»S—H»w-Toic W VIBBU PMMOft—MlBBAH gftLl.aAB>lTll>a MBSirtfM—AOarnoon—Bau.oo« Asoib-sasdek-oufuvmiiob.for during Tuesday and Wednesday, and aale,waageBerallydnll, particularly,It wlU k« begetting the suspicion, in the minds ot saga- not. In the case of other human be- THE MIS0EU.AaE0tr8 APraOPBIATIOE aiLL PASm.A largeamount of Money has South and West for the"in this be must for their style, they will sus^cted paypayment of StateYork. A Specie draft on the Sub-Treasury for$188,000 came from Missouri to the Bank of Com- merce for this object.Speolal DlapatofcITmr-Tatk TiaMa.1880-Is- that, too. after 768 head had been »old at other'.'—beeves. Saleswereslow,andpriceswereJc.down rebellion inThe its arguments'ofm botMlf --ini^markets during the weekmaking a total of 4,678 ^ lower than last week, or 9c.'S9ic. for prime beet, 8ic.®8ic. for medium to good, andItaly."joy enough. obeyft)., live weight,K QABSUl—TOOAI, AHB iHBlKIMmMAL COS- 6c.®7ic. for poor. The average rales were about the dwellings of Italian peasants, because PicsOuHoirai i» Hoiii-Bm«mi.from Hr.favor, whan the vote was reeouidendapprapdatM, aaaag under snperlataadepoa of Capt. HsM*.^n.Vreuiat-OH'.pjT.AfltSnMMTBsntn and foubth-at«hu«- at low rates Veal calves went off a littlealready in some danger of incurring this sus. they cannot parltike. The lion receives no speaehBbasw, of North R»i»»-. j, |^ aad the MH8c.... Milch cows are unchanged, selling slowly,andefficiencyto Qaeboc, we receive to-day Earopean made to repair something at least ofsome attentionThe CharterMcea to the 9th inst. The intelKgeoce i» in'er- the ill she has wrought to the "sistereatisc and important. Gakibaldi's saccesa at island," in her long and hostile domination,nofurthergo. Tocommentuponlanguage hasdecidedthatthey may be removed at the"Col. FoinT, hnmadiately after Va» ad)aanawt, lion." BBtnuaLL in his day made several will commute, the pabUcation ia Us paper af acometoeverythingthatmaybedonebyourAn effortwho the vote postpoBiag tha TaitfT Ull, Is eoa.td.nda.t offersmanyinducements. Toallwhogowithdesigns,By tke UmiCed Kinfriom at Father Poiat, from forts which England has of late years wrongs of the old land."Bo. Hi BBOAPWAY—Hnaate' FPiCTUUCauxit.thoughthavebeen instances in London of ambitiousNE"WS OF THE DAY.every happiness,andaevoriand freeThose who are foremost incei^over all the hea«is ofthe honesty andof the ef-ladies who, after siahing uselessly for years at"the gates of the Hieatren of wereTheforceofbrutalandstupidselfishnesscan removed a well-manceuvred and well-hunted only /or cause ; the Supreme Court singlecan be uttered in free words. design Iprogressive Empiresevery pubtic< York,flict this same dishonor upon the homes ofnecessitythem for almoatlieigbborhood, Mr Couisua, ate quite likely to be more or less seriously im- sideiing me vote,for bread.of the Italian where aha has a»atd ..„._i_as It ha. been for"promises the happiest results tovery large codfish hand in his. possts.-ioo-theprevent a recurrence msgna are now demanding-the tooneto service under his ladj of mature age to."with which the baseness as this, thein store for the lowerFeuiiisula. It is understood, by the way, thst the for tecoBsldumi tne vote, aodfor pay,«U tnat in fsror of a judlcioas»"«Itol janissaries-general to all the tyrants of the movements on their part It seems they have be seen that loUuwing iiis lead will be no joke.| recognizing suchdepartments,,areSpUtte the|prosperouslivering each,speechesday,two houra he is,Howrespect of their fellows, does notTsnced \\^2» cent, on theNew-Toil Genual 82 at ihe close. No change in the Roman shillings and the Irish priests, theAmenJmentatotheBiU Contmired in.Embassywas strong on a re-yet deariy If we are to believe the statementsto establish a badis some ground for itsWe think thereThe of peril|:far thethus to blot out their national name from the,'This jaumal says" As to what we I»am of tk.;the Mepaulese, Jtmo Basadoob,|still greater wrongs they may have in prepara-scribedwhiteannounces the existence andOea. Lab., aot ia-|liberating Ireland, ItalypresentTheatHe Cltj received from the Committee on the " State 01 gieed had earned for them In the contempt of our Common Counclhnen intend to swindle the never known te touch on any subject except P«6tpMeB«>t tf ife« Tariff Bill to ft*plaoewhich theiregotisticalIrish,are curiousthe orders of a French renegade and set:a.a race, are preparedenliitaeat taIt appeira to be quite ganaral aad popular—th. policeHOITnTBS LOAX xaar.ABMOn-Tbe same paper undertakes in the name of Ireland to applaud aad Tindicata tlti. march to—bought and paid for, stopping all public work byadjoarameat would tak. plaM Iof Ireland, the " Sun-Boiat," floating over brigade wearing the immortal greea," (the consecrated color, we may add by the way, ofandof and tofolly treachery,) nutrchlag putflagIX., in 1847, sent help to the sufferers by thepassed by a largeorganized robbery,with at the Treasury, the remainder falling due with- ficer has abymo- nection with the late Commodore Pkertagam adj ^nm over to Richmond. TheBepubUcsMin all tbe next months. eightq.thing ye«terday. Ever)'thing is at a stand still hasawaiting the report of the Committeeon Creden- tions,tials. It is understood that this will t>e made this sentiment of nations which would be the naturalmorning, and thst the miuority will admit the and cordial allies of England, were she content atiministration of the Government. The Pub- vincing tbe whole community that the Com- life in which it is physically impossible for Mr. BcauiiGuu's biU.brief retrospect and explanation of the Public Debt ol the country, in its relation to the presentandDouglas delegations from the Southern States, be- to accept her actual relaiive position in lic Debt, which in 1851, after all the charges mon Council, as now organized, is an unmiti- them to play any intelligent part, and which,giniu&g with Louisiana. Another secession seemsinevitable, and this time it is believed that a Urge the scale of States, and to look withnumber of Northern delegates will also withdraw. unfeigned The secrders will meet iiumediately at Baltimoregood will upon the growingThe districtgiven official no- tice that after to-day the California laalls will cease to be cattied by the way of the Isthmui of Paaaaa, impends over them on In the absence of legislation by Coi/grest to maintadtto a nominal ion. The Convention authoritywill probably taKe decisive action to.day. great Areopagus public opinion. Partly,Thepublicbail whichannoyeddisgustedpopularemaientthey have entered with so much spirit, of con- fret the strangers with glimpses into a privateBepresentatjve Winslow's name is mentioned in conntcUon with the full SartUoian mlsMon underthewill succeed in the task has been made to upon wnioh guests, scarcely any attemptof the Mexican War had been and funded,?5,000,000 of indemnity to Texas issued under of other Powers before the the Compromise act of 1850, stood in theconsequently, can scarcely oe expected either to eiJity or to amuse them.The Post-office has Departm<!ntlast becomethreefor six Summer months, and thatIrishmen are toire to" "upon to fight the Saxon" at home. For oar- rulers—City"Palermo haa been confirmed, and the wide sweep are forced also to see that the trick of habitnal like this, would b* like explaining the impro- discretion or c^rice of the Mayor, backed by such fortunes. Mries of letters to (Jov. Wiautv, hi aaswar te Uiof its probable consequences verr cleariy indicated and irresponsible superiority has become part priety of assassination, or enforcing the inex- the Board of Aldermem The Chamberlain hasIn London the Japanese would have gone minority report &<oai the Covod.(^oiuBtttea, tDacfeiagby &e < fScial action of the Neapolitan Qovem- andmind in all its action pediency of burglatr.all the forms of thismissioner and City Inspector will soon follow. always agreeable experience. From the ever, will be entirely courteous la tone aadment, which had petitioned the Great Powers toWe choose to "hopethat neither the " IrishparcelEnglishalreadythroughstrangeGtov. WAUia and CoL Foian. Thelatten, haw- style.the iotegiity of tli. Kinf'a dominions.To this anit i»Jormep*uferit France and EnglandhaknfliadiBstantly in the most discoarafing terms-th.lBpetorNAroi.tos had iof<«med the King, wishes to become the friend, can hardly divest could almost expect to seethe dead O'Conkill When he came into office last January, the been pit-failed, trapped and paraded in patdi to tbe Tnos, in vrtileh I stated that Sa Ja- that nales* he officially recognized Bicilly as an himself of the most galling qaaliUes of the rise from Us grave, take his heart away from Board of Aldermen was fierce and firm in re- chains. Here, on the contrary, whatever panese Embassy would be shipped from N.w-reik >i<.pend«it State, no foreign Government could false relation he has so long maintained. its resting-place in the Irish Chuidi at Rome, jecting his nominations and resisting his en- their other trials may have been, they have for home. Such, it is now stated, is th. deteralaa-teeifere, and then only as ."mediator." The England has ceased to look upon IrelantTas an and lead the patriots of Italy against his croachments. Now they assent readily to been spared ^is crowning sorrow. Perhaps tloh of Govenmient here.Umdta Time* Tentnrea to proplucy that by the enslaved province ; but she cannot yet bring recreant eountrymen, as St. James is fabled to whatever scheme he lays before them. Tet SiMME-BvJEir, when he thinks of Baltimore, A LOCKT BOnCirBIBT.tnd of Jane SlcUIy would cease to belong to the herself by any effort to think or spieak of Ire- have led the Goths against the Moor. The the public seems indifferent thus far, both to or is embraced by some too ardent commit- The Committee of Ways ami Heaiu have tvaoftiKonse of Bourbon. Lord BsotrsHAii, in the land frankly as an equal partner with herself miracle would be a happy one; and it is the principle which has been established and tee-man, may feel disposed to echo the pa- theb elerit, after all the work is coaiptotad, aaljpuzasteeopnression that the oppressor, even when hethe Irishpeople.Ifthey nnhappUydoso,we willbe in the hands ofMayorWood."Tommy," theywould haveHMise of Lord., had stigmatized the conduct of almost a to reflect that Qabibaij>i and the Myal fincea at Palermo in nnmeasored terms, in the greatness and the glory of the British pityaal tlw almoat oniTersal feeling of Earope had Empire. An indefinable but most perceptible CiAxntMi are likely to make it auperfloous. beendeclaredinthesamewiue,andinfavorof toneofdepeciation,oftenmollifiedintoasortmore The Federal Debt—New Loan. rarely sharp-to the practicaluse that is made ofitthetic of the Chinese complaintAmbassador, :to remain «»- in aad draw thewi'-'lii"' revolution. ofTha traoMCtioii. of the Senate yesterday were ened into a peculiarly irritating kind of benev- The two Houses of Congress are about tptAh wo, I cry, an Envoy's lot,good-natured compassion,BM of much impoitance. A Committee of Con- olent contempt, mns through the language of agree on a new loan to fund the outstanding butifthey donot succeed, nobody can. TheExUed, fariom."Esienc was ordered un the Navy Appropriationescaped by he would bless the stars Law's grant of a portion of the Battery, the which led him here, and kiss the stripes thatbills ofthethe TarifT bill to next session caused conaideraole ever Ireland and tbe Irish are suddenly brought lions in amoimt, wiiich have heretofore beenA Commit-bill.AmotioatoreconsiderthevoteEnglishspeakersandtheEnglishPresswhen- Treasury'Oovemment,Ijiventymil-case will be hopeless. ^If such jobs as Gcosoi:not togoing England,postponingdebate, but wa. at length agreed to.lee of Cooftrenca was appointed on the Pust-officeItaidencgr bill. The House coincided with the remarkable event ia their history. This tone of Congress. The present loan, if finally votedforward into the notice of the world by someonce renewed or extended imder theauthoritystree^ the sweeping juggl^Beaat. on the amendmeuis to the Civil Appropria- is so familiar to all foreign critics of English by both Houses, and the act approved by the Treasury for excursions of Committees, ral sense of the absurdity of asking Savoys rsporting untli after the time appotmed for the S.-tion Ull, except that uae of the Senate appropri- that tbe circumstances must beatagiMO.OflOtortheNew-OrleansCu^tom-houae. opinion,The bSI iur the final adjustment of private land indeed which can compel them to adopt, with- debt, but an obligation in a funded or more per- way, do not startle our citizens into by dancers, and ctiatlered about by g«B»ipis, or mcrrow they were to meet In Richmond, if onited iaDepartmentdoesno*,feel autikov- A sao acci'ient occurred on the Hudson River then, from the common sympathy with a people was reduced in tbe last }'ear of Mr. FitLuoax's sented in the State Legislature by men of rattier as a sort ol pageant than as a social fes- ized to Bake tempoiary proxlslon to continue it.Bailiodd, yesterday afternoon, near PeekskiU. long denied the first essentials of nationar lifeby redemp-te«t the 11 A. M. Express train came along. The has contrived by her policy to inspire three- maturity ot the outstanding loans. When into districts,Three men, in a state of intoxication, were walk-Picaywtr, from Key African capUvts 10 Bostaato aboutsome and commenced to fight. Daring the con- amounting to antipathy, with which England tion and purchase in anticipation of the whole City. But when the. City was divided orously and Comfortably conducted, the notion or Portsmouth.Mr.third man, seeing his comrades' danger, rushed into separate them, when the cars passed over thethree, kiHrng two instantaneously, and so ioiuringthe third tha*. he died vary shortly after. One of appeal with confidence to the wider tribunal of that year, the Treasury still commanded a sur- true of our City Councils. Some Wards are mend to both tbe gravest preliminary reflection Navy AppQiprtatton bill.lugonthetrack,whantwoofthemgrewquarrel-andpartlyfrom a sort of distaste, almostPiERCi,thirtymillions,aupon generalticket and by the votes of the their entertair.menr^ and providej it be dec-er» tnere to take all futureSENATE.WAsaiasToit, Wednesday, Jane S$,fpurtbs of the Christian eWorld, the Irishman whom an English judge condemns may usuallyofand from that time to the crisis of October, inCouncilmen and thehow this shall be ; and wetheparty,anEnglishman,hadrecentlyreceivedatetter from his mother, and had gone out to buy the world.paper and envelopes to reply to her, when he met To this rule the misguided fanatics, or thethe others, and treated them at several drinking mercenary adventurers, whom Ireland is now millions to the further purchase of the Public cipled apd unscrupulous demagogue who findspl«;es. And that was the cause of the catsistrophe. out to take service imder the Debt, most of it through the early part of the it bis interest to secure tbe place. So long as Another accident is also reported on the same rail- sending Papalroad. The body of a man was found lying on the Government, and to marshal themselves la crisis, when the operation waj suggested or such constitaencies as the Fourth, Sixth, track near Tarrytown. His neck was broken. one line with an anay which has won no recent pressed upon him from New-York, as a means Eleventh and other Wards are allowed toMr. Bttchanah came in the in,"plusoverandaboveitscurrentwants andof ;theof tneaugustoccasion.this' surplus Secretary Cobb applied about fiveothers are equally certain to elect aay unprin-Spring1857,to determine respectiully recom-sldc r the vote postponing the Tariff bill. TheJapaoeseEmbassy,yesterdaymorning,re- renownexceptbyitsfearlessbutcheryofwomen ofsensiblyrelievingthemerchantsandbanks, sendtheir representative men"into the tiinds,"whilehewasamemberofCongress. Per- Mr.Ydlxi,of Florida,(Dem.,)hopednot,aad oeivad with f^ cordiality a Committee of twen- and children in Perugia, audits gallant charges including the banks for savings, which held Ctty Councils, just so long may we haps it does not go quite so far as this, but It does trus-ed tbe Senate wlU coattnoe on the AppmprtatiaB.The auppomtion is thU he had jumped oS a train."tioneryaccount and paia for out of the publicbUl.ty-four gentlemen from the Chamber of Commerce, upon unarmed citizens in the Roman Corso, ,a large amoimt of United States stock expect to see those Councils made the mere ssy that " tbe official records afford no evidence Mr. BiouB preferred to settle the qoeatioa aow.and llMened to an appropriate addrera from form a sad and signal exception. The London not due until 1867-68; and when Con- machinery by which the public is plundered of such a transaction." Having thus started on Tbe question 4if time was within tfie power of the Pbiriah PsaiT on beWt of the delegation, Times can say nothing so severe, in scornful gress met in December, 1857, the Pub- and the City disgraced. We want for our tbe road of concession, we ehould not be greatly Senate, and the fUmsy rewiutlOB fixing the wtjaam-that they hoped for more extendedoonaercial intercourM between Japan and the execration of the conduct of these volunteer lic Funded Debt of the' Government City rulersDniiad States, and courteously invited tha Com- assasins of liberty, that it will not command was reduced to the very inconsiderable total its .several Wards—men' who can command pressing its delight at finding that lit. Llvcols didthay replied—representativesof$heCity,notof surprisedtofindtheConstitutioninduetimeex-ment ccuid be repealed.Wr. Wmos, of Masaaishnsetts, (Rep.,) was opposed to the reconsideration imleas the sessloa was uuaad- ed. Under pressnt circumstances he was 0|>poaed to sitting here sbaemiiiig t>efoie tne country.Hr. Tu Etck, of Mew Jersey, (Rep.,) in the naata and in behalf of the people of New-Jersey, demanded a tariff, and favored a recoaildwation of th. vet. postponingthebutHewaatedtoremainher*oaal the most impoitant and beiieficial bill before Coa- gress bad pasted.Mr. Tatnuoix, of Illinois, (Rep.,) said we war.vi.ited the nuUini* at the Academy ofindependentFor once, the Democracy,the effects of the crisis on the busiaess of im-which to live. Could such men they happendillered from him inpolitics.It is notimpossibleJspueseMule, the .team-bigate Pfimgara at the Navy-yar4 and the Broadway stores The grand ball Bepublicanism of America are of tbe same portation,House.yeBietday, a demand was received fromofIU1.1,rloJsnEOMs, a. Physician of the Marine iSLSr^",!! !Lhperiods,>Hospital,months of October,ec-onomlcal and honest one. Just so long as tha extraracant Demociaue—man, from Paris to San Francisco. 125,000,000. But the Treasury, by reason of tion, aa well as of the ward or district inlaktaa to call at/ain, and in conversation inform of Aneiican merchants. Various parties of thefunc- tionary may concede, by and by, that Hr. \)oxsa- onHaodaynextwillbetoenextsensation. mindwiththearistocraticconservatismofdolar,andtemporaryreliefwassoughtinthethesuffragesofamajurityofourwholepopula-LASisnotacommont'hieCHowfarbelowtbe The Central Park Investigation Committee met England on an Irish question. It is true, first issue of Treasury Bills, authorized to the tion ? Would any political party dare to pat level of common decency it is necessary for a journalist to descend in order to become a good we are not —but we confi-riot rob h;s neighbor's hen-roost, or throw assafoe- tfaaXaibas.y moie fully of the desires and designs the instantaneous assent of every honest and of 126,109,000 say, in round numbers, the votes of a majority of our whole popula- tida into the back parlor of some gentleman whoThat a thousand or a hundred youngcil,is asingle Board,than ten oraverage intelligencebat Ur. Taca- ;of leaving the homes from which they profess "'*'"»• atnounling to |l,269 44. to be burning with a passionate desire to vripeby general ticket.In sent disturbed condition of Southern Italy, weof France andymterday at No. 54 Exchange-place. They voted Frenchmen and Americans may see in the extent of twenty millions, payable twelve such men in nomination? to have prepared an account of the expenditures "aware,—A conespottdent suggests that itt* the pre-on the Central Ptrk under the different heads, and conduct of the Pope's Irish Brigade'' what months after their respective dates, theWhat we need in the place of our present bungling, corrupt and ignorant Conmion Coun-partisan,rely,the course ofdirected tha Sergeant-at-Arms to subpoena several witnesses, after which thev adjourned to 10 o'clock on Friday. They will hereafter meet at the A&lorEnglishmen can scarcely be expected to do. power to issue or reissue being limited todentlywatchingHe was opposed to charging poiterlty.thethat this of oar "old " high-toued organpublicwasrapidly runningdonm to its lastas BooLz and Babbt and Vak Tike commandIrishmen the 30th June, 1859. Before the session ad-should be found ca- journed, further relief was required, the fifteen members, holding office for reasonablyof not moreAt the uieeiing af the Commissioner* o£ Emi- pable, in the middle of the nineteenth century, revenues from Customs having rapidly run long terms, going out of office at differentasthe dishonor of a secular slavery, and November,theandDecember,1857. AndonthisHon and put in its place andown, through the early part of 1858, as welland electedthis way we may hope to get honorable and oufcht to liave a stronger naval force in that vicin-throughpreviousmen under occasion, the additional new debt was au- affairs. And if ourofAmerican.«( that the claim. U goo.l at a\"f 'houW ^o^S the flag of a foreign prince, to in-, thorized to take tlie funded form of a 5 per shall succeed in arousing public attention to the only United States vessel-of-war now in the oould'ee loaued. He wmawayof banding themselves,againprotectionwould power, they »p«l<lwith inTwo thousand three hundred and seventy-sii emil niost hideous proof yet given to the world, of The two sums retiarred to constitute the villainy which the demonstration may require. periled during the coinmutioas which are evi- the Tariff of 1»«6, as equal to teadeilng her a stone1,.ofand glvhig Pennsylvania opposedmillions.whole addition to the Public Debt, under the present Administration, thus far incurred.of twentymay forgiveThe addition rightly chargeablewhich Philadelphia, will be orderedchaining them with an attempt to bribe AldermanBbadt to vote in th. Board for the appointmentof Kr. Quooa J. Tncxxs to th« Presiilency of the be brought, save through a protracted and five millions of the old debt was redeemed porttbe Republicans in the approaching Presi- course of a week. She carries fourexceeded tbe estUnsta o.only and whan aU tne rep)thij» Tieasuiy fy a mere trtfle.itha affeaca, if committed, was a misdemeanor, and I 'asthe Fall of 1857. Tne Pubhc Debt, of every to support the same ticket as Hon. William and a class, Including the twenty millions Treasury L. Yancet, whatever tiiat may be. This is hutever, is tbirty-five insteadofis106.109,000 and,whileit prosperous people are apt to these Bills, at the liberal rates? It is of coursethe exact facts of the casePfr'y " '- hi some Instanoef a.eradually;the MortUl .LnfKi-tiian ad valTheDnsafethe buihUcg No. 2ai.afa. The owner Ika been notified to take down aportion of it, and rebuild the wall in a more su>Mtan- sensibilities which should make thtm the afloat without being demanded of the a political leader, as somebody is in the end reasonable to suppose that a select partya of'""duty. YTethewouldne»ver »*-dceptions and the generous to 6 ^ cent.) which they bear, wouldbie«'-tcr lor tbe GuLveiimrtnt consumerand miuuflai!-paymentlie iu trouble Treasurj, until Congress reassembles,iDwemhernext,fault or protf-st should be provided against-in.. —A lady on Long Island challenges anyAnd whether this shall be done byportionand onei»attachedlate tieir own affairs, and to be ruled by sov of a funded debt, is less important than that baoner, is patient attention t^ as many suchThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069rightregu-tary,perhapsUe01 in thebMr.BiQuato them, how-BoLiTiCAL Advice to Irisbxeh.CBIL advises all Irishmen at the North tohas just madeto this service in the.in debt vvithoat ea- ratalng asytheCommon Council goes on much longertiessuspects such a design from cerUln " and tbe rightsa right to violate the Charter whenever One and one at ourthey peril pain, least, Japan-can make something handM>me by it. Tneydesire to re-pave Broadway, but not by con-tract. They want the hiring of the men, thefixug of the prices, the "bossing of the job,''thHnstrlves. The Poif fears they are seeking ins by recognizing England as Queen of theof being no better than they should be.If they don't stop stealing, their Integrity will,It iste th.WAranran., Wedawds^,Jawmsooner or later, be seriously questioned.TBIBIU ASS IBBIreland,and m<UUa ooatrfkuttag to Its ranks, aad what is bet- after month, and year after year, plundering with his sovereignter still, all who are golog ate young, aettva ftad ia- the iaIsuch consideration. He pidon. mayThe fact is, our present Common Council isquicker, but at former rates. Most of them were great famine. Also, because "^ngland opposes doing the City a good service. We are not drag him to a concert He may be a Catholic other tUngs, eMO.OM for a. Votaaac Aqa.da«,Seas.If of being shownbeing hunted,and the—;the Persianprinces, whoCongreas ha. piuhad thiaogh it* day, and liad the Bonae not refand toa Friday to a dinner-table i laGovernment, lliey seem resolutely indifferent ly as Boole would a.kthe Grand Turk to a8BBAT0B rOWXU ASB SU. UBB OB IKB —A BIO VOB RBBBTITABIA.citizens to the actual condition of ouras calm-XABOT oadebySeaatorPswitt,tolaeearite'selyes," exclaims this remarkable joarnal, may perpetrate, and hopelessly blind to the parade Broadway in red oil-skin coats, in- as a bid for the Peansylvaala vote at Baltiaafa, far It is not often that an Eoglish verdict on "{ofmotion to levtva tbe TatUofwewishmay they soon be called home to aveage thegamemayprolongtheMadoaofCk>iigreasdaya.COL. rOBSBT ABD THE HIBOBnT BIPOBt 0» IBBCOVODB (K>BBimB.in spite of the obvious intent of the Charter, would excitealthogghCitySoyer breakfastofsausages. Tbelion,indeed,istobut it does not.expressly provides that these officers shall be admitted to full Peri-domon the strength ofbeenthus removed the Street Com- ;'and notspeedilyinterpreterIt now appeals Hiat I waa correct la mj dls-;Society,"of theupon Irish affiiits and in all its estimates of theIrish character. It is one of the penalties of Brigade nor the Irish News fairly represents All the patronage and power of these offices Princes and their Secretaries, down to THB^APABBSB TO BE SHIPPED PBOB EEW-TOBK..ThisapathyourpresentCommonCouncil preservedforusbyMr.Olipbaktoffor worthless books, the plunder of theare soWhether it be Uiat our people have a natu- the Committee on Credentials piirpoaely poMpoaadvotingmoneylight.President, will, in nt^proper sense, be a new and this „oLSrOi*d- who can neither dance nor talk to be stared at ceders to assemble In Rlchm.nd had elapsed. T.- projected repayingstrongclaim, in Florida, Iiouisiana, Arkansas and His- out resefve or qualification, any Engii-h sen- manent form to fake the place of a debt of a conviction of the necessiiy of ^uuie reluiia, not, we do not pretend to decide bat it is ;Baltimore. Woat wiiitheydo Intneir sii^jeasefaonn was passed by the Huuse. A partUl report tence upon Ireland at the bar. twr-nty millions already existing in the shape then we may well despair, and confess, oooti woirhj of note that, with the of Mr. If U perfectly uadersipoa here that the ConveaUoafrom the Cominuiee ot Cunt'ereace on tiie dUd^ree- exception will ing ameadmeois of the LrgUiative, Extscuiive aud Moreover, £ng and has not too many well- of Treasury Bills or Notes, a good part of which for ail, that the City Government is simply an Slidzll at Washington, and Mr. BEL)co^'T atsplit up t«-mur>ow, aad Dodolas be iu>mhiale<i> of the are already due but not presented for payment —and that of- New- both of whom their clo^e con- The Seceders may call a meetiag at BalllMaia aa.to all theney he can secure. We hope for a better re- in,a maimer, called upon lu pay the Highestwere,The occasion may not be inappropriate for a sult. Wehope the members of our City Qov- social honors in their power to our Niphoneseforty maiions,discifii,,^ of the lash. If the Iriah before the trouble came upon the Treasury in dential election, and all Irishmen at the South Dahlgteen guns. During the bombardmentIrt^land must*''V^"'«^»"* ''"° "*>"« '"'« >t*noSwiss, in the long en-sup-sorrowfully say,peoplecouldhad W'n ^^^P'^- ofthecJmidr*eof wooldindependencepleaded for them Bills, foran application to existing circumstances of theis in a profuse perspiration.the Swiss, ,!,»,hardened by good lostune, and that se-oldWhen at Rome, do as Romecounttjw.f unwwe. Belier let iDeciae curemtheirownUberties,theyhadand probable ofi^eyhad be-madehavinginjunction,his followers who havequestionwhich now OfHowdidto ar-..,„_ tiUi tw postponed untilbe coiuiii.rad wiihoiUHe favored some portloiuj\eleven-inch ofConferenceis now about to be in a funded shape, (the right of reUsuewhichbeen once extended to 30th June, 1860.)Uprovisionhas beenntitlledDocumentdots," that thosesession,waen'- •»""? reftreoceto «*"efr(5 enoilghright use of it. Moreover, rive atadvice' that ever was given by plausible conjecture;publicrespectableto presenttake part in City ity,perfect rightpublicaie in high glee.gated nuisance and must be abolished.men. TtiisCityAdministration, and through the four years of ability and character, when they were elected tivity. It wLl be a show of Americans for tjieisfor tbe rapid deterioration in [the character ofelfctioneering counsels. saying, however,ftfanother ex-of reissue to the Secre- cast in its lot vrithTAKCsv. as we beUeve—each oneits own is It rests with thesystemresponsible mainlyelectiogmember, it became easy for small intriguers to compass an election. The same thing iaunobjectionable enough."—quite certain to elect good Aldermen, but upon proprietiesThe bill for the relief of Messrs. Hociabat a^ Lioaxn, contractors on the Salt Lake Mail route, tn- deoisifylng tHem to the extent of •40,W0 foraltera- Uon of tbe service and contract by me Oepaitoeat*We cannot helpthat we Seel rather sorry formV. SiiraosB,tne appropil&tlons made,com^"^—Johw Mrr.•»*»», "^SfS«7 P'-«=««*fi'3,''ff2Ji her trial trip from strate thst the present aiipropnaUon alreaay P»~7^agitates judgment hecomenexttheir faceswho shot twelve nobles of Nepaul to secure the Premiership and put himself on good termsthought it hard they could notems to St. James', were all alike pounced uponladies who either acme circle of LondonPaxcnet,the S»cnt»rj <rflionsthemselvesor againtriedto-morrow.enjoycious men, that they are less scrupulous thui ings, nobody ever thinks of inviting Tha UlsceUaneoos Approprtatton Mil r'TTiJ,.be deaf dumb, but that is no reason for hesitating to" All sad the scene, a cheerless spotwithout a ofdoing partlde publicis trying to dispel. If it can be broken, theAldermen and Councilmen now in power willbreak it. It may be rash to predict success, But if he could know how many dinners, how THE ^ALTIHOaB COKTBBTIOB WILL 8PUC BF,balls, how routs he has many manyDOOGLAI BE NOKIBAIBO, ASD TBB SECEKBfADJOnaS TO KICBBOKD. \The greatest excltemest prevails bareta-nlgU,i» specting affairs in Baltimare. It Is nndentood thatBiinor Topics. Mr.' BccBAMAN's special organPalermotheAmericansin thatcityGoferninent.( Bernrev!s.oi. el tt,e tariff ''ou\dj.^D oene^^T^'^*r:''"i?'^n','';^.°it'5»?eu'tt|.? o"ff"ct me de5tt<a2sciiooiines—ital is at last convinced that Mr. Lihcolr did Tiot have " several pairs of boots charged to his sta-on finding out bythe Constitution. Whatever Ur. Bbownx's posi- tion in the Custom-house may have been, his edi- torship of the organ ia by no means a sinecure.contlnttall7..ru using txa means to pay it.this debt onfortheCommon Council terests. Be states tliat the Iroquois gun-boat iscaughtThetbe sou la of Memphis Editors is.tenderyears.byitimpossibleo.ll feiiicKofled, or wished to lead, row.AstheCkinmlteeoa WaysiBdlCeaa.i«(BMd turned to report the Loan BOl the ralMhad to be Maa^aC carding the charter, violating the law, and volentes nolentes into lions. It is not 01 the by atwo thirds vote to allm tt to be oooildMel,of whichbraving public sentiment for the sake of least consequencepublic men in their positions should be. The them into companies with which they can- reported from the ComaiittM of Coafanoea, hints of the Post show cleariy that they are not converse, or to banquets of which after beliig ooce defeated, and aftw antheydo not share thedis-andthe true lion-hunter The vote was IM tow, not twnprofits,—society,""at theCap- was takes up, discussed and passed.Mr. BiOLaa, of Pennsylvania, (Dem..) moved thatthe SenatiB proceed to conitder th. motiao to reetMi-citizens and in-;tlie public treaeurv ,duty. Ia this political reform !majority.ItCivrlc AppiopiUtoahisarydortsgthereceaa. HawlUreceive$790oatofelectedanccessor,From the Associated Prase. W458n<0T0K, Wednes iay, June VS.Mr. SwAATi Is supposed to be In s dying condition.A letter to New OrleuBV/eat, »«y» tKat instructious Bare been given to cnus-A Committee of Conference wasoniered on th.obUged equal10ibcexpeo-esoftheof said he agree* New-Hamp«hl.-e, (Rep.,)Mr.with the IHlnois Senator on the factsBtJU did not propose any remedy. Ha thought best pl»n was to change the Democratic AdoslaistrarInallth-ycoujO get, sad In aadftlon borrow_,. u(HAnr4 /Ti^mturer. _ was n,>posed to aQ^aatfi.'U'*, bat advocated a change of thaiflUid..tbe www.fultonhistory.com 