 THE GREAT EASTERN.A Detaflcd and Illasirated Description of th« Great Ship.•mpaiatiTC Diagram of her Proportions.iHtcrior Arrangements and *« IHaclilnerir*Vrem Onr Special Conrespondent.On BoiBS TBI.GiiAT £unaa,| SocTBAnrtO!!, FrfdaT, Jane IS, 1860. iThe mmsa of matter pablisbed about the great Alp, Id nempaperf and guide books, baa been mart- Ira rebaih of the original report* of her engineersto her dimensions and capacity, and of partial d»-toe itetc. F'ou ihls little is the rmokln* room. Through this rlsestha third ind there are rows of skylights above It ; ,her While these materials furnish much ttat Is of engineering and commercial importance, tter« remains to be to'd a vast amount of descriotire, •imparatiTe and eritlcalfacts, withont which the gen- •nl reader would have a very imoerfect Idea of theolpdoas printed in the London joamal* dtiriog iisliiii lliiiizontal plane. Tbe 4 main crou-framet of theTaetaess and peculiarities of the Leviathan of ships. PaitlenlariT with reference to the engines, I here- with furnish some new, correct an* muci more com- fsebeaaiTe fuHs than have yet appeared in print.I.ct us suppose onrselvos spending .m entire day aboard the great ship, leisorely wandering through kor itreeta, saloons, warehouses and englnerooms. itam stem to stem and from top to bottom, with all ker heights, depths and distances in our hands.connecting rod,SupposeDiSTaxT Tirw.her suddenly coming into view arouod thevene. The total depth is 58 feet. The greatest dial is connecte^i with the rudder, and shows waen it balustrades, in a sort of French gray and gold. The disks bolted and atogether, forming coapUng 6 feetbreadth of deck Is 83 feet, and tbe measurement is sufficiently moved to starboard or to port. There walls. Including the sides of the stoke-hole shafts, in diameter, and K inches thick. Tke entire diaft over the paddle boxes is liOfeet. Steppiug from is as much walking room between.tbe smoking room have a white ground, with a complex but delicate thus formed I* 48 feet long and 24 incbe* diameter, this platform to the main deck, we find the bulwarks ar d the after hoisting engine house as there is on an vine and scroll figure in gold. Tney resemble enam- weighing 35 tons. Each ofthe 4 bearings 1* 33 Inche* ro high that we cannot look over tttem, but they taper orcinsry steamer's-^eck. But the great expanse of eled leather. Tbe base-board aad wooden parts gen- lorg. The cranks are forged on, and their wrist is down to some four feet as we pass astern. Tnay are deck -room is beblnd-tbis hoisting engine, there beiug erally are of polished teak, resembling light rose- 27!« Inches diameter. The boxes in which the shaft lined throughout with oiled teak wood, rescmbltag on each side a clear space of 25x75 feet, equivalent wood. Tbe doorways have elliptical arches at the revolves are cast-iron, Uned with white metal. Tbe black walnut. Tfairty-siz feet farther aft is a cipstan, to tbe ground covered by two large city houses. Over top, and are surrounded by a very graceful and or- screw shaft Isof some headland, as we approach her in a mmU boat, with a dozen ordinary ocean and river •raft In her yicinlty. This Is certainly the most trtkiiif way of apDroachin^ her—of seeing her g'owpengine lengths, beingiinyaiBtall 140 feet bulwarks are surmounted by a railing of small posts but not too heavy. Its ornaments are two rows of The screw shaft and tbe engine shaft loge'Jaer are of the auxiliary engines. On all of taere decks, and aid wire rope. Eight small boats hang on each side shells in white and gold, and a few horizontal mould- 188 feet long, and about one ton to the foot.lato immensity. Alfhoogb her proportions ar: so >n4^ like those of St. Paul's Cathedral, as to conceal kK- real vastness, yet we are Instantly struck with theand majesty of her dimensions, as well as wllh the symmetry and beauty of her lines. Thatman- ofwar looks painfully unwleldly by the side of her, wkUe the great ship, three tines its lengih and twice Ua height, does not give us the faintest idea of clum- aiaiii, bnt of the two she really seems more at home aad less contained in the little bariwr. We are yet three miles away, and can only distinguish the clear, vnbioken outline of her plain black hull. A little for- ward of her middle, with an easr reverse curve, rises kes-mad no staring Neptnnes or obese Mermaids, with Im-The pis- and neutral engine-frame* colors. The furoitute is teak, weigh 12 tons 6 cwt. each. Tbe slide-valve chest* to raise the anchor without steam po .ver. The -engine vet completed. We nave now gone the lengm of the with claret-colored plush, except the sideboards and are on the forward aide of the front engine* and gearmg is as large ar.d heavy as tbatrrqulred todrlve main deik only. Before going below let us return piano, which are of rosewood. The chandeliers arc the aft (stem) side of the back Tne valve*frealnesapaddlepoeslble talis, areiquarest &§&e angle, slightly acute, from which her cutwater descends straightengtoes.a flour milL Sotpe 15 ieet further baciii is the first and mount the bridge and the paddle-boxes. On either gilt, and very neat. A considerable portion of the stand verticaliy; those of each pair of- engine*deekgtopa shortseparately. nmning t(^pipe boUen,.d^ C_£.c T~:>CDon largestAs screw-driverin the•'/triads that she isThere is no decorationit is simply painted white. It is light enough, but real and not nominal) borse power, taking steam at.peeringaarea, but 13 feet high,"cappale qf holdingbox. No ugly bowsprit ekes out her length,diameter, separating the freight compartments In front from and 4 feet stroke, are also coimected to two of-thaill;Abaft this are, at the top, store-rooms, etc., 1,470X.—Gxxu SAsraaa, iron, 692x83 feet.B.—Sc(.'TiA, the new Cunardsiiip, Just commenced,per of this section of the at A has five decKs, part shipby twol^osi, 4M)xMi.C—Niw Woiin, North River steainer,wood,l(Ri43. B.—Passu, Cunard ship, iron, S30x45,. '^to down and sink £.—SrxAM Ram runnow Iwlldlng lor the English Government, Iron, 380x58,ofF.—Aoaunc, last great American ship, wood,35ix50.6.—VaasUBiLT, of the Vanderbilt NeMr-Vork and Hane Line, wood, 333x48.aleamer,wo<xl,J3Bx40.->— Wam Qciaa.Newhavcn and Dieppe, EnglishChannel,thesharpestsea-steamerIntncworld,14 breadths in lengtli, iron, ilSilS.:H.—Rid liCxiT,f.-oDtare the valve 2 on each. Es.h cheat*,slide) it driver,wood, 250x45. 1.—CsxAi Ws>TaaiT, first successful trausatlan Ic*K.—winan's CiuarIron, ISOxlft, original length.trades like all the others, around the side skylights insailing clipper,on the guard, but is wholly supported by a great jour,capstansbead,whichder?,Srauii.?., buildingatBaltimore,It is formed Ike the Britannia bridga, of par^*be floor,butaonly plainoil-clothbulwark." Thewheel* are 56 feetL.—FaaBY-BO»T, AmerlcaD hartors, wood, 170x35.M.—Smusosuii', Sir \\ alter Ralei. n's standard of greatestsize—100x35.K.—StxaM'II'g,Americanharborsandrivers,wood, 70j12.paddle tonstogetlwr.They haveno outside bearing on the are ISO.—Tiis Gbiat Dmi.;i:. for lifting sunken deseiloed in tbe Tisis of Sept. lt<. iron. 'i.STi'ju.ih!o3,-the houses!be used for ship's stores or merchandize. Behind all thisoccasion requires.flnestwork ofa design doe* not ma-P.—A Tiania Raft op tux (iLDxa TiMX,on ths'Uhine, the largest craft knowTi, DO-'xJSU.ThegeneralHaving now arrived within a furlong o^ the G'rc'K latttrn, and a little on her quarter, we do not see- eaoogh of her to judge of her size, and she Ifoks com- paratively smaller than she did three miles off. But BOW, as we pass under her lofty stern, and hug her Sreat Iron sides, and see the little people away up on deck30 feut wide and 10 feet fore and aft.nginesover at us, she changes from a aUpIntoahuge.Immovablemass,like an overshad-'32 Ieet wide.is surmounted by the captain's residence, a very finethe sides of are ten double room* the third3hortepower. Such Is tbeinches5 feet 6 lone- at 28 ks. steam, catgraceful owing cliff, or a tall ,block of warehouses, and wecannot for a moment believe that she Is nuton the solid earm below tbe sea. From under her Ides, and from ove: ber bulwarks, her detailed vast- aess. If I sbapcofthe(irratEasUm'shullbelowwater,and Miostof U above i- measur-l>J wide. About half its) length, forward, is devoted to a parlor, quite as large as many on shore, with maple wainscoting and a whlte-and gilt ceiling. The after partIsdevotedtot>edroo^,closets,etc. Thesides of tbe raised deck are furnished with skylights like10x13 aU 80 berths. saloons are three other* ok,U>emay so express it, bursts upon as. Thecross-beams are of Iron.which are made as last as the side of the shipnot open they are under the cranes of the hoisting en-tures; in coDDCcUonwith theengraving-.water, perfection itself,ing by the standard of modern naval science. Thl» Is evinced by her ea.se ai sea, and by the manner in which her grfat bulk at 11 knatb thethe others described, and through Its middle comes up gines.under the grand saloon, And under these saloonsgoes '.lirough water, without di>turt)ing its surface, except by her paddles and screw. . Her real greatness It not ob- served from without, save partially, In contrasit with ordiaary craft near her. But under her sides and on her deck, every spectator is at once struck witliher enormous proDoitlons. We climb a en-are for merchandise, and the whole are backed by therooms not yet completed. The paasengerter a six feet doorway in \er side, and clamberher caverns and up two long pairs of stairs to tbe deck. To t lamine her systematically, let us at onceA JOmiXXT ALONO EXB KADI DICK. Jatbeextreibeangleofherbows,wefiodourselv<fproceed to her extrenx) bows— miUe^—andcommenceourjourneyaft.itupplemmlWImpaled on her sharp bows, bat her:englnei mty is 45 Iscbes indown into Uie sea, and enters it at a gracefulIt la a true American bow, and the smallest eicKs- eenea would mar its ample outline. Her stern isetjaally plain, but a little angular. It is just'as well, peihspe, but not as beaatlfol as the fine round yacht-extendipg up as far as the paddle-shafts. Sixteen feet from the outside,amldsblps, two longitudinal bulk-pad^eboilers, so that all tbe boilers be may cota-lanta of Giom Stubs.wide, painted around the veesel, certainly lightens ker a little, but the ugly imitation of a gallery on her tfera is very much out of place. Her five chimneys, siwrt and rather smail,asif the destruction of coal were •at the only object in view, rise straight and clear katween her six slightly raking masts, which tower iB^jestlcaUy into the bine aky. Nor do the six masts look sUm and tnadeqaatt, like those of oar lightly- ill^ged paddle ship*. Nor are their heights irregular uA awkward, but their tops form a true parabolic bow, bending gracefully ttom stem to stem. We now begtn to make comparisons, having settled It in ourjoor readers.BIAOKAM gagfflyiSG BDt 8IZX OT TBI SSIP.vided with cast-iron water-tight doors, which canof the ladies' saloon are family rooms of rariouteach 18 feet 4>:i incbe* long, 17 feet 6 Ikcha* wida,The white stripe, 27 Inchetone, seventeen by seven feet, has folding joining the main saloon some of the family rooms run feet^oaoev««tmidbeahigh, paved withtile:.inside is nalntediillfiil:- Brre- ferring to the aecompsnytng wood cut we gratify our oariosity at a giance. It shows a plan of the decks •r atzteen craft, some of which are quite familiar toships,up stairway,apartment bnlkbesds aad T ^^Katt house. Under it is an- roSe^os* partal 4M.aaj« largo city lot MO oTkK M»ci^e.restingtwelve measuring aad four 15x9 feet, having inalongaolher of the same area, 11 feet Mgh, and under It two haa*na*to.(lof ink.) ft-Thus the engines acting on one crank face each other, and all tbe engines and the shaft are In tbe saBehorf^•saloons, occupying the middle part of the ship, is 400 feet, there being two stories of saloons, each 13 feetweight ;grate•qoareb4inow ascend aand enter an iron tuimel four feet~m47,000DDKWthat In tiie rear, and traversing the w-bole centralarecroatbeads. Each of tbe fourbe workeddiUMter, and oeit them to IMniiiKim(<iSEEJ Mi^iS:stastaterooms at Its sides, the upper tier being entered Hoc* per minute. The screw dtafl lie* some SO feet by stairs, and the lower by halls. The Inside rooms from the top of the/bulwarks, and 12 feet tioat the:i^li'milesanhour—uptheroadway^^1 dsn:l~ ©gesrbya clutch, 'men. It requires themaoncJ—150 men—small steamers intended to accompany the ship willtons and rods weigh 6 tons each. Tbeiw feSsdeck;ffbaft dining saloon, I,^On the kelson*are 4cart-iron longlMJtail' 'Ii:* IHE BALOOSS AND I'ASSESGEB APABTillxr?.on the same shaft, is also aIn or out of levers for 50of tbe deck and two on each The afi, tideforward. Tbe ings.around the shell* isThe 16tons15cwt.each. cylinders weigheachred or blue be suspended near the paddle-boxes, but they are not white, giltto set them out, and the mouldings are incapstan,put capstan hivingspaceimmediatelythreefullyBefore and ba- htnd it are stairways leading to the engines and to the engineers' rooms. Next the padJleboxes are tbe chimneys—they are loo vast to be called stove-pipes— from the kitchens. Behind the engine is another sky-light deck, like first, about 54 feet long ao'l At its front end is an entrance, already described, to the second set of saloons. Its after partU'.tle house, eligibly situated, 24 feet long andcubicfeetofmerchandise. Its roofwood In the middle, and of iron box-beams, some 10feet wide and 18 IncSes deep at the sides. All tha four, OxIO^she will be.1,250of the some 15 feet, and braced togAkSai, shipTbe clearBetween the kitchens on thethatof their boilers, istons, or as much as thatginningri\& W(st petrltftk WmtiNEW-yORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 30, 1860.itaDdisg two feet above tbe 3ialn de;:k, oa a ;vcdg3- the olheis to a skylight deck, ont is -the largest houie ong by 36 feet wide, and 13 fett high, the roof beUig the highest degree of safety. We now ooine totha thapf d grstlng of wood, 35- fest long and tapering to of ail, being some 22 feet square ; the after part of It the lirst of the sky light decks. We have see^ Ihu lastbuJahea'', behind which we haves ship a* I^^there are also a* Sir Waitu Rauiob theugbt It sa'e to bnUd IW—aad considerably wider than ois model—aboutTHE EBGUriB AMD BOILEBS.20 feet wide towardswatchman's piaiform. over-fifty people can look orer last, screw chimney. Behind it. 15 feet,. is the fifth rows of tkylights under these, on tha fl)orsof this feether bulwarks at a time, while a hundred moremiv ma^t, which Is of wood, fore-and-aft rigged. In the saloon, to light the apartments below It, These lower ,50 feet OS the average. Here we have a rooia II het have comforiable staiding roam. Loot'os over aer middle of- tbe deck, and flush with the skyligh*. Jecki, skylights are separated from the main floor of the high, and of the ana of tnree city bouses, and nadar sides fiom a height o' s.ime forty feet, as lar as from leavirg irom 18 to 20 feet clear spice one^cbsUle, saloon by a , railing, so that the floors are but 25 it another, a little smaller aft, a* the stem taparrlato the third story window of a city house, we see her are rons of skylights extending some distsnce feet wide, although it i* 36 feet between the the water, and eight feet Ugh. Below thl* the (pace sharp prow gracefully penetrating the surface of the fujth't aft. There are also small sturways walls. Tbe shsfu leading to the stoke-holes also It too saiTow to b« readily avaOihle forB«rcb>adl*e- water, but we cinnot trace her Hollow lines far, as and batches leading down to the lowsr cabins pass down the sides of the saloon, but do not pro- .And below all these freight compartments laa tnnw her sides bulge oat at a wider angle above and to the freight department, and a large glass ject into it any further than the skylights. The chim- bolting the icrew shaft We have now examined aU ihe wa't-r-mark. From the enotmous catheads, roof lighting Ihe screw engines. Here rises neys of the -paddle- eoglnea also pas* down throngh. part* of tbe ihlp except the engine and boiler rooas, immediately aft, hang on each side two ponder- .the cMmmey nf the auxiliary screw engine, a its centre, each occupying a space some 10 feet and thalr appointments. So, again aaceodlag to th« ous anchors, from wMch depend a secUon of machine intended to drive the screw just fast enough square. But there is still left a very large and splen- deck, we prepare for a subterranean visit toIhe massive cables—the charms on the vest- t9-ke«p out of the way and not retard the ship, when did apartment. Tbe decorations of the grand saloonch^ln of the leviathan—bnt each link is about the prorelllrg power of the screw is not required. It and of the ladies' saloon are alike, Oeeeriptioot ofto theforged as large in diameter top drinking engines for this purpose. Continuing our walk aft, pressions, may give general idea of screw eaglna room. 150 feet bom tbe stem of tke Alp1 wo ban se-boles, 18 Inches in diameter, arethe size of a dinn«r-platter, and the iron of which as the of aEucbI'j appearance.windtog stairwayverybottonit Iswould not be worth while to run the four great screwthings cannot, of course, produee accurate itm- but I be able to awe pass mccesslvely the after-hoisting engine and its houre and cranes, just like those forward, a lar^egcbltt.formedeach Bide, a little further back. The cables pass freight hatch, the sixth and last mast, wood, and fo.'e. can be classed, resembles tha French rmaniiiance, each pair, or each two opposite engine* acUag on a thiough them. Looking aft, as from housei in Twen- and-sfl rigged, a small hatch, an immense binnacle— with a touch of the arabesque. To make the apart- crank in'lhe screw^aft at right angles with the other. tT-third-street, away across Madison square to Twen- quite a little fmple—surmounted by the British Hon, ment appear higher acd larger than it really is, therety-clxth slrfet, for the great snip would reach irom a capstan, rigged 'or hands and steam like that for- Is a prolusion of vertical lines, colomna, &c., and ofene of these streets to the other, there is spread out ward, and lastly the steering wheels, 4 in number, small ornaments. There are no very large figure*In thevery prowof theship,and two more onTbestyle, as nearly as a very ftincifal decorationThe englBes are aCkwart ship, borizotital, and in two pairs, (or foor engines,ofhouses, avoLues, lanes, spires, chimneys and peiple, raised 3 feet from tbe deck, with a weatherboard has also small figures. The celling is divided Into bolted to croas plate glrden, extending to ttebottoa' ' while a furlong away are the after bulwarks, and the in front. All around it is a promenade, from which pannels by I-shaped iron beams, some six Inches deep. ofthe ship. The cylinders are each 7 (set dlaaetor wheel-house in the distance. The total len;thls692 we can look over at the rudder IQl and the top These are white, and covered alternately with red by four feet stroke. Each piston 1* 37 lacha* fliieki ftet on deck, or about an eighth of a mile. Nine of the screw IP,] The stem overhangs in such a man- and blue scrolls and ornamental figures, not in glaring and has 2 rods "H inches diameter. The englMa oa buildings of various dimensiops occupy the central ner as to have a much loftier appearance ttian the contrasts, bnt In delicate tints. The panels of tbe one side of tbe have a doublebefore us on ber acre of a vast deck,expanse.situatedon a roundplatform26 feetdiameter,and Tbecarpet, wliich matches the rest in color and style,fore>and alt. and six masts, to^wii.: the foretry- bows. The s'eersmen aressil, fore, lualn, attermaln, mlzzen and jigger masts, when not running by the compass, by a light vine and flower work in gold-leaf. The Iron engines have ^connecting rods, each S3i iaeiie* inUne,the foie, main and aftermain being of ironcbimoe>8, the two forward from the paddle boilers, gearing by another wheel, away forward on the bridge,;the oppotlsa;and the tbreeotheis from tbe s^rew boilers, inter- in the hands of an officeroutside the skylight, extend to the top, and are very"^iia long. engine-shaft is In two pieces, joined half way be. tween tbe two pairs of engine*, by two caat-lron;A second pointer on thisgraceful.Theyarepainted,a* well as the elaboratejoinedthe shaft o' which passes do «nithrough this deck and the stern therfc also swung two large anchors. The nate canopy, paioted like the cornice. This is deep, coupling.and Is In 5to tbeshaftby aaothertwo others, where It may be geared, If required,to onelong.masi, a mere wooden spar, 30 inches In diameter,with fore and aft sails. Tne standing rigging Is en-tirely of wire rope. The whjle deck is wood, b jt under them, a very delightful place to sit, and much side casing, as well as some other portions of the condtnaei* and air piunps an on the oppoaita lidaaNext come two immense hatchways leading to theforecastle and the warehouses, and then tbe for 'ar Jdonk<y or hoisting engine house, 18 by 12 feet, which Is erected in the miJdIe of the deck. It con- tains a complete pair of steam-engines ani a boilerand flower* onof theanother of iron. The deck is here some 40 fee: wiJe, monster's sides as she appears to*pas8 by you.thethough very elaborate, it not oppressively so, and i* not in the least degree gaudy. Tbe sides of the saloonsnni^er this, coveringlarge portionship,glass, afterfrom the valves, or between tbe cylinders on eachin chandise on both tides of tbe ship. There are atenfines onportion of tbe ahtp forwith hoisting apparatus, capableloalingfeet,The stetm tbe six screwmer-two lengitudlnali»patronized on the first trip. Here you seeShe hugewalls, being figuresmanner of tbe Adriatic. Tbe whole decoration, side. The diameter of each air pump Is 25 inches,side of the latter,,some seven feet above the deck, are platforms 10x15 feet, with wash-rooms and closetsthe chimneys are driven by one link motion. Anare also encased In mirrors, tbe comers of the out- sion valve, fir*t applied, has been removed. ToeGENEBAL CONSTBCOTIO* ASD ABRANGEMEST. Before examining the Interior of the vessel in de. tail it will be useful to obtain a general idea of its conttruction from the engraving and the foilawinggeneral descrip' ionThe hull Is composed ef two skins of three-quarterand tbe stroke fonr feet.TheyUeofexclusive of some inch iron plate, 2 feet 10 Inches apart, the inside^kin350bulkheads, parallel with tbe side* ofthe ship, andIfsst 14dozen used only for pumping. Tais englue-house,like all other bou«es, and all ibe wood-work ondeck, are of teak. We next come to the second mast,which IS of hollow Iron, 33^ feet in diameter, and are also twelve entire cross-bulkheads and seven par- loons, passing through the bulkheads. On each side ling power when required. The screw boilers araboafd,(hisfournected^ pleasure. Two auxiliary engiiies, of 50iS acttial horse power, are situated behind the screw erglne*, to drive the screw without exerting propel-beads extend fore and-aft 350 feet of ber Icpgththere;ti alo::es, those between tbe boiler roomi being pro-equate lirged. IisintUe is as large as aa ordinarywell,andmuchdeeper. Itisusedalsoasaconden'ser for a part of the steam, especially tnat from the be shut from the upper deck. The total length of the beds for four persons, a sofa, tables, chairs, &c. Ad-auxllisry engines. About 20'J feet from tbe bow isaiotherhouse30feetwide,andextendingsome10feet fore and aft. This is the entranC3 to the ladies' high. The grand and ladles saloons are forward ofthe are eight by twelve feet—a fine parlor. Others are 420;saloon, or the forward compartment of the granddecorated saloon. It is the one which was blown into them. Tbe firstr second and third dining-saloons the ship there are plenty of closets, and several ampIS of the screw engines. Tha engines are una.<asUysplinters by the explosion, theheavy, and on the whole, very well made, alibonghfatal Immediatelybehindit. Itwillbeseenbehindtbepartments,— sll nearly alike.second mastbeenfmiger, and for the power, mote cylinders might have been employed to advactafc, so a* not to gstin theThere are four other entrances to the passenger de-and hlgb room, H, with staterooms at its sides, in the manner described. This apartment is 36x70 feet, and13>s feet bigb. It is fitted up a* a dining and sittingroom, with tables and with seats on the sides. Both they—large ascompaaylag engraving.coloredto reiemble a light oak, and the ceiling Is light bluechimney t>eingThey are some 7^ feettoomuch speed *etbea large piston.Theare hardly finished. The grand saloon Is 62 low. They lead to the fatal carcm where the poor feet >l6ng by 36 feet wide, but all this is notIs about 30 feet—as much as from the eaves to the cel-—lar of an ordinary two-story house while there isprojectingnot propose to show how it could be pat there. 'Wathe roof of a five-story house into a narrow street be.fellows were scalded to death at the time of the ex-pk-sloo, and you see the grim figures of men Hittingabout in theluiid glare of the furnace fires. At theback end of this raited deck, just forward of the pad-dle boxes, is tbe after entrance to the grand sa- room. Below the fore part of these is a vacant com-loon. The desciipUonof the forward entrance ap- 'pariment.officers' looms, store-room,shipit leads into two kltch/pliestoItalso,aswellastoalltheothers. Through the middle of this ratsed deck protrude the -two pad-chainOn each side of the same deck, parallel to the length of the ship, Is a row of sKy lights, fire feet wide, shaped like tbe gable end of a house. The; throw a flood pt1,044 tons, writlrdouble iron deck;under tlie mainand between the last-mentioned crosi-bu^ead andinto the grand saloon, and In fine weather, alland berths. The space wltlch each seting throughmarine-engines ever constructed.The With weight.lightthat is required into the saloon below it.space on each side of the raised deck,- between it and tbe bulwarks, averages eighteen feet in width, and it affords an unbroken promenade nearly an eighth of a mile long, and as wide as an ordinary parlor.dining-roomsoccupies is 15x36 feet.sides, and the engineers' rooms on tbe ends, are the of a large tailing ship. Tbe engines stand *>l 4 paddle engines, which we shall examine by-and-bv".are abaft Ihe paddle engines, and the second, third and fourth lower saloons under them. The kitchen and store rooms are on either side ofthe paddle en- gines, under the upper deck and between the for- ward and after saloons. Beneath the forward saloons arethepaddleboUars. Beneaththeaftersaloonsare thescrew-boilersandengines. Thecoalbunkersare aloagsideandabovetheboilers. 'Thepaddle-sbaftis 300 feet from the Iww, being forward of the centre. The screw engine centre is some liiS from the stern- Tbe staterooms occupy the spaces between the longi-'cwith gilt stars. The stairway consists of 17 easyrtcps, wUh_ a elaar space of foar feat ikwidth. Tl>e balustrades are of teak, spiral, and very^DOicfilL.JIVide.sTaeBKatmr'aovared seats rufiuundthe sides of the building. There is a second flight of tucinal bulkheads and the sides of the ship, in are very badly ventilated, Tbe space for rooms is bottom of the shlg( and is inclosed In an Iran taonel stairs below these. From thiren trance, in the mid- two longitudinal rows on either aide. They some 20 to 22 feet on either hand, and as long as or alley. The sqfew is 21 feet in diameter, 44 feet dle of the ship, araisedskyllgbtdeck,two feet high and are two stories high alongside the lower tier of sa- the different saloons. This particular cabin is tbe one pilch, (t. e. wouia travel 44 feet per revolutioa If itloons. Some ofthe private parlors are 18 feet square-The area is equal to^that of a large city house. Near Most of the staterooms off the grand salooit are about above was also shattered. Under the floor ^f the Tbe blades are not fan shaped, nor the reverae, likethirty 'eet wide, extenos back about eighty-five feet.blown to pieces by the explosion.. The main saloon bad no slip through the water,} and-«relgh* 37 tons14x9 feet, with wide and comfortable births, and very first class sppointments. The paddle funnels pass through the grand saloon. The screw fannelslower cabin is a large space for coals, the steam-pipe K, leading to lire paddle-engine, and the four boilers, S. These we shall see again. The distance frotjf^heGBjPFrra's, but straight, when observed from a ixMl- tion at right angles to the shaft.its corners are four shafts or iron boxes, 4 feet square,with iron ladders, extending to the bottom of the ship*'nto tbe boiler-rooms or. ttoke-holes, (See S in the,large engraving ) You look over into them as from pass through the after saloons. The others bottom of this lower saloon to the' bottom of the ship blade out of tbe door across the hall. I doclear space. The other saloons are inBeginning forward, the first floor below Is tbe first cable deck, below it is the second cable deck, and beldw this the third cable deck and the carpenter'sthe same space above to tbe main deck. Theseapartments, again, are backed by a cross bulkhead.In front ofthe top after-stairway, however, is a pan-try, 10 feet wide, and, including its continuations boilers. It* two part* are not less than 400 feet long.Next aft, beginning at tbe top, arepetty locker, Ac, ship's storerooms, purser's stores and ice-house, anl last-;third after cargo space, 561 tons, andthe fourthheavy wrought-lron kelsons raised from the b^kattproportion^wide andIt lies to the one hold- parallel—dle-engine chimneys, from the four forward boilers. ly tbe fore-hold, capacity 330 tons. Abaft these is a situated between the paddle-wheels and the e^loe, atalL It water-tight doors, wUcb, when ab-rtThey are 'about 636 feet in diameter, and some 30 feet complete bulkheadbt^b,but their total height from the fires is above 75 feet. is the berth-deck and hoepltalsy fore-cargo space, of the saloons, as they have no skylight decks. Both low it, however, and batow the second deck, ia;second fore-cargo third fore-cargo space, 660 tons, and at the bottom is the first fore-hold, 462 tons. Abaft these are the forward saloons and paddle boilers and coalbunkers. Commencingnow400feetfurtheraft, we cometo the after-freight compartments, viz. : Be-at the top, first after cargo space, 1,302 tons second after cargo space, 1,302 tons, with double ironspace, 720 tonsmost esse*, the al(bulkheads;Desccrding wheel, we enter thebeneath which is thetbe iron mainmast, square rigged. The middle por- shaft tunnel. Abaft these is an entire bulkhead. grand saloon; It* decorations, however, are very trunions. Three wrought pillars, one verttaalr"''firstBehind the after-entrance to the grand saloon rises first after hold, 90 tons, which also holds the screw- and 12 .'eet high. It is arranged precisely like the frames, weighing 71 ton* together,Iafter cargo space, 460 tonswhich bold Ai' ,t^\the others inclined upward, support an enta over each frame, the 4 entablature* weighing Ition of the deck here is covered with various arrange- ments for belaylng-ropes, etc.. and with skylights totbe engineers* rooms Delow. Immediately In front of it, nine feet high, is a bridge extending t>etween the outsides of the paddle-boxes. It is one hundred and twenty feet long and three ieet wide. Stairs lead up to It near each paddle-box. Tbe bridge is also carried along the insides of the paddle boxes, which rise somefeet from the deck, and inunedlately behindthem Is another cross bridge like the first, all togethergiving a walk round of some 300 feet. Here and on hatchways Into the forward compartment or forecas- this ealoon. Behind this apartment is also a latlng cylinders is 74 Incbaa dlamet«i; by 14 faitbe wheel-bouFcs tbe officers are stationed to give tle. As shown in the engraving, th%forward and up- cross bulkhead, but its upper story is opened Tbe piston-rods are 10 inches ^meter. -1"J||^Aand below them, fifth after 1.109 cargo space,tons,tons,hold,Abaft this,empty coinpartment.THB FOEWABD FBEIGHT COHPARTHKSIS AND FORK-and being secured at their ends to heavy'with a double deck, and lastly the second after 550 tons, containing also the screw-shaft turmel.entablatures ara U—ly better, for it is exactly amidships. The forward edr^^'^otheir^ir opposite, aad tbe inti-- *-4."^below the fifth aftercargo space,One af able—just as good as the decorated saloon, and lika-^]!, ders swings between the two port frames tha* ••••^"»either tide maymost paddle-wheels, Its shaft has no outride bearing and folded up when not in use. Tne deck under the ceilings, is mapled. Here is another cross bulk- cylinder*, and the aft side of the back cylin-the second is a sailors'floats, thirteen feet long and three feet deep. Unlike mess-room, widi tables suspended from tbe ceiling, mirrors or panels, which, as well a* the wall* and of neceailty. On tha forward sUe of thework of red arms and braces, and its thirty huge benhs alt and alongincased InFlfthayenue at the rate at which they wtil turn- thirtytwenty overtoppingfilling^We have now come aft to the cioss bulkhead which divides the passenger from the is an iron bulkhead ext^ding from top to bottom, and after freight compartment, L. Outside the iongitudi-the kind, to look at. InW34 feet square. tcrialiytheworld,slaad-Immediately between the wheels, on deck. Is the round-topped glass roof, lighting the engines. It isas they do, 40 feet high,its sideshas the before described, and a ca- gearingthrough it, and issimple boards,feet high and some twenty feet square.weightofthewholewheel 100 tons—'hitof a thestem. Tbeweightofcablesisabout100tons. lower,andIsveryplainlyfiunlshed. Ithasnobalus- bythtftametwoeccentrics. Expansionnal at the side of the of the centre ship. Tbe'"weightble-boxeightleadingupperpair(double-portedbo s Is iwent; -two tons—ofvalves an<sized sloop. Tne diameter of the wheel, as Is While under the maln-<;eck we obierve it* conktruc-goodwell kr>own, is fifty-six feet. The floats are now tion.reefed in so that the diameter between their centres allei horizontal plates of iron, acting as a girder, and WirIs 47 feet 4 Inches. Fancy tbe pair rolling down supported by massive iron beams, some of them being while the test are handsomely carpeted. Tl^e gnaidoTsponsoo. The float*, SO in number,enJrely across the veisel.the under C, whichand enter the n^pt^ter-compartmentwide and 48 feet is some 60 fegflong, 61 feet afl.s'.ate rooms. a on either hand But the detailed dealgn, tbe proportions, sad tha They occupy spacewideforw.ird. Underthe main which is here dock,25 feet wide and 200 feet -^^t workfflan*bip are of a very high order. Tne paddlaweight of water, 39 ton*;of wood only, it— third-class rooms some 30,a and variousand sailors.Underit_lscompartmentbe called of pretty liberal dimensions In tbe country.diameters being 5 and 8 feet. Tben comes the fourth The two compartments under this, of the same area, screw boilers.of ship. G,H, I, J, 400 feet Twoloom,tbe forward screw boiler chimney, of oval section, itsWe now ascend again to the mala- dcck, and go down Into the after freight co apartment,stories orfand tnree s'jiriet of state-rooms, and with ior^«mast, which is of iron, fore-and-aft rigged, then an-other entrance to the saloons t>elow, and then adjoin-ing it another raised skylight deck, 5 1 feet long, in thefront of which is the second screw chimney, and uponwhich are a binnacle and compass. Behind this, two-tbirds of the length of the ship from the bow,is aspaceor avenue feet wide, extending across the shio. Of over 400 feet, fore and aft. Descending tbe liberal high. Here,would be 600 first-class, 2,000 secood, and l,cajwoaigMj-ralreaily described, we enter the room G, deck, but tbev are not all as wide and clear as this. feet fore and aft, and 24 feet wide, which is the ladles'area occupied byl^aS dJieaoiai*. 10 boUanL 112course there are numerous other places to cross the stairway,•-'•.2scribed above. We now come to the fif.b and last salmaineatraficetothesaloon*. Thisissotjoined12* by13ffallowing,aadapproachedanthea'terend n3ie:4t!?3el, !; (i feetAlltbtienomahaysIroBbaaai,and(aDKaUy traa «oore. There Is too much wood-work, howevar, fog-^^—f*—-"t5£5i CAIN.Untitled DocumenttaSflWsa bulkkaadasecondbulkheadwhichentirelydivides them fromL. Thisextends 160 feet to the stem. The saloons8o we ascend tonal bulkheads extending aH along the side of thesesaloons—between them and the are three ship's sides,ngis intended to have second orand aLength,double and dining-room. ItIsatpresentoccupiedbyship'sarea of 370grate, eqoareGreat foiOm, as far at-stores ofthe samerooms ofalso closet* and bath rooms. Attube 40O,surface,4,400 . dlaaetor,theafterpartoftheship.Wenowascendagain,and occupy400Ieetofof the aad cl*ts-«,0CO. Cargo rapacity, 6.000 tons.ship, ofiron TaBBajathe front entrance ofthe four freightNumber of rlvete,long, 11 feet OOO. The ship has two skint ol iron platot, **aatlkapproachThese occupy the middle of the ship aai extend72 feet nm^r of plates, 30,000. in one 1* nearly twice the from hairan loa» to one»j«»,-single,square feet; numberoverand floor are ofOn either side are portsUnder theae threesame stxe, 13X feet high,topIwhenfitted bke the withstairway*andhallsou.little,dimensions;and 14 feet high;weight withont water 47 tots* ;parallelwiththeship, havingtwolargeports,andfurnaces,4,5MsquareIeet numberofbrass itnb.'S,have a white shipground, with small scrolls and each rod being lit inches In diameterdirected bow to steer ceilingalso, five pointer on a dial which is moved through posts, which stand in pairs as a part of the railing diameter, connecUng rods are 8 feet The;walls is composed of large mirrors expan-toare not the sides of the ship. From the bnlkheads pumps, feeding all the boileis, 10 Inckes InThese are the outtides ofand of all the saloons. Between the bulkheads and tbe ship's sides, on either hand, are the staterooms, the mass of rooms being entered by halls from the sa-Ihbty-six feet apart.number 10 wirepaadle ergines, and the first lower saloon under gntge>"^tbe first staircasetheplain, the walls and ceilings being Bapled, and the chimney casings of oiled teak, with a^w mirrors. It Is furnished with tables for meals, ,tc,^and regular ship teats with movable backs, green leatilor Mvered,In'the is an and is severely plain, but neat and extremely cScsfert- plummer blocks holding the shaft..*^ ^._., pair eflte.^ 5fc«iorders. Bellscommunicatetothescrewandpaddle-engine rooms, and an apparatus, yet to be described, ihe portion having seven, includingto the men at the helm. By a door at &e side we On the two first decks, sixty feet long, at A, are cap. 60x36 and the floor 60x2S feet, tha skylight*, as be- ton*. A hollow cart-iron drum, with a wro _ - -j^_ can look in at the great wheel Itself. And what a tre- stans, and tbe various appolntmentx for weighing and fore mentioned, occupying tbe sides of the floors round 1', farming a frlctlan cluteb, forms ttS <>;-Bthe bottom.38 feet and ticrcwji6iler chimney passes up through it. At itsaha/t, 21 a feeVlo^with acrMiktogsd la^CASTLX.Retracing our steps, we go down one of the forwart The back ends of the kitchen tOso communicate with crank* 35 ton*, in the middle. Each of tha 4*weTgUngaft Into another, the extending from the cjlindeia paddle-shafta ^mendous, but light expanse of rods it is, with its net' dropping the anchors. The upper one ha* sailors' of all the saloons. The second screw chimney rises of each paddle-shaft By loosening this the whoelswithoutIs in like manner two doors penetrated byeighteenends,under the deck, are large cupboards for silver.the2air-pumps,Into the fourth and lastsiloon, J. Thisof valvesthat of a locomotive— ind the builtofsix-lDch plank. There are sinillar boxes at has no skylight deck Uke all the others, and is hence by a link motion, aad the link of each pair engines"Is covered with a dark oil-cloth, without figure,incheshigh,»itbflangeseighteenInchesbroad. lastscrewchimneyriteshere. Theseareallextreine- by3feet Theweightofthecentre boss is i! tons- and .VIItbeforecastledecksareiron. Onthelowerdeck, lycomfortableapartments,andmaybedecoratedia* Tbepaddleengine*,asawhole,areprobislythaat B, there are no tide- lights, and the space mayIkeaveragingthe sices of thefeet—larger than good-dzed dty parlor,small dlmensitilrgandsleepingsions,tbir middle of tte three saloons 13x10feet,andsixrooms13x8. Adjotolngsaloon are four rooms 7x8 ;;department A concert hall of the size-of tills room wouU either tide to the two-story ma*s of lower etate-rooms.L< on deck 692 feet Eteht socbngth std?"J";first after freight bompartmentis 60 feetpaddle- 52x28 feetdoorsthird saloon, just like it, the ceiUng being wheels, are each long, weighleadingnearly long,front saloon ara some rooms 25x20 boilers, fonr in number,;largeitfd•eet-tubesThe paddle engines are lateaded,off at H, and 16 revolutions, to woik up to 5,000 redldown aof tbe ship, we come to the screw engtnaa, N. Tb«diameter, 3 Inchessix by nine, seven by seven feqt, &c. In all part* of The screw boilers lie In palra, back to back, forward "Xbath-rooms. • 'Underthegrandandla'lies' saloonisaveiylarge t^elrResignisnotgood. Theiritroke*houldha'-attey etand, world, bdngchimneys rise through it.able to work, it is estimated, at 6,500 indicated (i.- not very well ventilated. Tnere are two stories of 2ilbs.. catting off at \ strok^and making U la i uij'nearlysix feet steam-pipe K, aad thence to thetheAt the sides ef thebulkheads, 80 feet across the.From it are doors into all the verticalthroughship.ens,each40x21feet largeenoughtokeepinorder, any good housewife will tell us. These kitchens^eabaft this, beginning at the top, «as..under the main deck. The ceiling is lower than that from tbe deck, make tbe bulkhead' complete. Bo-longitudinal/ruimingfore and aft the paddle-engine,deck,are solid.Fast- paddle-engloe- tbe next one back of It, (60 feet,) are tbe engineers' room, we see probably tbe finest set ofGoingis 36 40 feet in site. byeo^la*, connecting tlie cylinders and holding tbe sha^. ara *'pistons txisg connectedhorizontally, their the crosshead*^ Two;box frames fore and aft.weighof water 45 tons area of ;406tube heating surtace, exclusive of flues and^The tcrew would jurt lie down Is a city narlor, onetbe esgine,and mns to tbe straightpmddle- paddle-inghigh.andextreme end of thekhaftsfrom the deck to the stokehole, lo that enginee.i caafromthedecktoalltheengineandboilerrooms, ard between all these rooms, without going on deckpassth^tunnelto tbeareeacha*follows:17 feet » inche*. weight without water 41 ton*;curious virttort andgers. Let as sum up ber leading dimensionsaad fea-likely to be examtoed bypMsen-» "W would be 250 feet over a mile long. BrejdthM «»e'-.and breadth acrots paddle boxes 120 feet Dep€B»8 are the coal-bunkers and feet Total length of saloons, occupying middle partthe middlerooms and forecastle 140 feet The of ship, 23,0C0 tons. Weight uted^0,0«O«^.lengthwide in front, and 56 Ieet in the rear, and 1* Inches apart up a* far a*intchhe ptahdicdkl.e-sTh«hfet^-«B.|ilalaowfS'ffi* 1 •be detached froaa the in case engineapplied, bnt have not been used on this trip.Tha diameter, and wel^ 185andsave that there are two pair* Instead of OBO. ,occnojtog dlffes.Jrom the common plan of oatillatlspiJO u <nUj as nektk of atheir shafts leading to tha taiooa, IB ante-room of the grand saloon, to other onea, retpeaUvely eight and nine feet Ugh, aad Alltheralseddee^j^ave are &e.,aad tken tke sldi>^ bottom. stokeholes,andtheirskylights,whichhavebeenda- wUchitopniabydoorsonbothsiles. Thegrand tbaie tank*,Duaps,o^o4.tTh Fulton New YorksekeitT30h9orySntrimSoa069ustMhnh*osemdstairway alrcad; twww.fultonhistory.com 