'beef cattle, 155 milch cows. 1,077"Iemphasis.Mr.Hioemak'smajorifyday.I!,gleamingof LocaMtA Bobgia'sat once horrified and conduct of Austria;" and then volunteeredJiortation; and SnoxLLiSignors "mjt bassos, Heasrs. Gas-•5aThe live stock markets have been supplied with about as many animals of the different kinds as during last week. The receipts at all the regulareraL SooA ofMan eveait»ai that the.^, ., i-^'i>j • >^inrk CTtmcs. lightly dealt in. The public sale uf Teas passed !griK Neio^gcnr timcg, CImCTbaB; OUttif ^!'^THlTBgDAT, APRIL IS, WO.were461vesselsof all classes in port.WaLtiHoioirseldom, quite as widely as the had heard of aU thU hi April, being " then m ftesMMM l»tt* TIbw Bmildlas, tttaUatCity yards, for the week eiising yesterday,num- j 'BTB0.<r, when he pennitted ber whether the single golden hair from The Duke also,JMi Ihik.andweekly market beeves wereM:3,768»qalto snf.tka rark-nw.avraMudNuaaMnati.ULxau. ^inmTHKATRS-ooumiam.WALLACE'S THfATSK—Lots roi hnrn-^Ltn An themWestern public law with ruin.This, ofcourse,Just asCarryiag Deadly WeapoBa.Aayoung giri, seamstress, dependent uponTaoT—.Faib Btvalbt.—Outries do not take kindly to the new order ofthings established by the New-York morning oreOected. Wtasn Ob AeaMay of Kiala t _OAjrA&4TEEXT—Ro.3a*—bitlock'sFui Gauskt wOaPAnxniet.dicial calmness and moderation, would, perlups,to the circular note of France en the questionof "Savoy, that she certainly does not ap-In a loac aarles ofoppositioBS. For the simple reason that tha Win- rectrivalrytheyareforcedtomaintainwith terCardenpoisetsesbetteracousticptopettiaa(baa•> PAOtmoa.S^Mr. AoTOa la oar ngnlar earilar, amd wlU serre Ik* TmM fFOB Tweatr-iiztli-atract to Fortj-fiAll- atnat, aad from Flftb-tTaana to tha But Rirar.NEWS OF THE DAT.whom Congressional Committees are generally composed, find it extremely difficult to adopt.attends theof That it should be soWe are glad to see, however, that the Troy fiaaliy Mr. have In Mab>tssk,ne Baoate rejected the bill to amend tne Patentl/aan by a Tota of 19 to 19, the Yice-PraildentToting agaiiiat It. The bill relative to the tiani- ilegespeople withfight fire with ^andj^as we gather from a very longunusually stioag'-the strongest, probably', that hasu hsratoC the jisaaiUsWierAU,onthesameside. Thebillwasdouble force in alt departments he is able t» id«y sbfiaM&fmade thespecialorder forTaeaday next,requests,with all thepoliteness possible— haveliiiiMJjillifar greater barbarians than that ever haunted Alsatia.tain themselvestitieii of their Troy ripvals,of •theandhappy to aid them in any way.,ofthedone by apostles in emt>roidered coats, Russia, Austria, and Prussia, reciprocally anxious toIproper.ofSignorSU.TI.Homestead^almounces"With theand the increatsing refinement of our man- arrangements" for the accomjdishment of their well known and appreciated la this nnMamnlly^rtkflM Tmderstanding that a rote would then be " awearing toswords,isprietorsof all thedailypapersinTroy,Xbe Kansas Admission billround her own. Whenreigned throughout Europe m ISIS, by graceof the House. Mr.equaloftheHouse. Thereportincreaaing strength and efficiency of the law, tensive, extra, exclusive andextraordinary1r lacked thetenor, all the aitiati areof the as a title towbeie he is(WTsndotte citizenshipvana,>«OooatitntioDapprovedbvitspeople. Hr.and sweetnwsofintonation, marred^tftfkiijvportaf the disturbance on the occasion aHa^IiOTZJOT'srecentspeech. Heobjectedto"No armtigrumbles over the inefficiency of the Police,TheAcademrever, b;«ot only BOt heard Ur. Pottkr speak at the time," Thisbeingthe publiclaw"ofseedy black swaHow-tail.notin and enjoy the fruits of the palette in theisseason. Lastnightwasreservedforthe"Scribesand Pharisees," fashion and the critics, to whom a"private view" is graciously accorded by the formance In which' the lady hai l>een baud ta sndifcot wa« nnaware of histioa mikiked with extreme acerblt^r ensued be-iBUiai tlia two gentlementioM Aoaa Kr. Pstob that bis colloquist should be Iteid .to aecoont elsewhere. Mr. Gbow thenit with the duty of legislating, without ehahling iit to supply itself with such information as it InOieeveBfav andfullymeritedthem. WehavenorecnUecttonofApafhfbtdiaas. Onthe15thult.theyseizedand carried off a Mrs. Paqb and a Uttle Uezican girl from the Santa Bita Uountains, and killed two —If all men who waUt up Broadway every day were searched, theentirelypicked men,)by Ma. fiiatWood-cfaoppeis at Arinaca, besides driving away a largemianiityof stock. Mr.Fagi,the husband of thoudnapped woman, gave the alarm that the Indians w£Se in the' vici^ty, and forthwith dis-II>!anightlead to them, didaothingat all,bjftpos- neigh-for piima donna, will make her tUbit in " Lamind, Travtata,*^.toafetiiat Mrs. Pasi and the littlegirlanimal.But what business have such "peopleas..City,from tliewere Ulysses and his crew to be led by the eua,^be hailed plunge and tumble he makes through the mu- and Fashion, at least, has other uses for cotton, M» awraatlrfintlaaittlala:.partToWBSaas, Esq., of Oyster Bay, who was present at tiont, and his efforts hsve proved soceesfrfoLISenateTxo autuhuourni&zce tmhe evrieccktiounu ouif a nuDew C\jiitvyjsergeantat home. Probablji this last tremendousin front of make a Gentile of yourself and go by dayUght, to-•:.to amend the act fsciUtating mg, consideringmorning,the City Hall ? What is the meaning of a day, to-morrow,HaHeveidng session. In the Assembly, the New-Yorkrigidaccordanceitaaa andgracafhlalaboratiflas offai How-Toik._.^._^.r>_-_j ri,.ii t.ii !jFor tothehumanorfor tocome. As many days;B so that ^ eminentlysingable,too,bill.of theclaimed "legislative capacity" for himself in his jeremiad of last week, and alleged that asproper populationtion of allHolyeverywherethe ofners. But set men in this whoSigner EsaABi haswen aaooosaa la Ha-of tka Cherokee reserves from theand House of Bepresentatives."sparesuffeiingof to di- tryingunder the eye of the Metropolitan Police, arepresence.withtlie Cracofienties for more 4hanadvantage,Mme. Gassub obtained the honors of;resultingia an intima-thirty years..J -1 .1.- Bailroad Toll 'bill was considered at theshopman going to his employer's counting- room- armed with deadly weapons, and ready to scatter death among the pas8er3--by at everybeings,on fashion and tha criticspurestU sure, like the "BaiUaaa" af lafladita students In the foremost raaka o( ai^am kdebted to Miss Pari fgr ^ tha, ^-.-.^the table, on tbc ground that it was a sub-wasago, and it has consie<|uently never been re-tent to which the poor and helpless are made,reck- lessness and disregard of law, and she is en- titled at least to the empathy of the public,aiuce she cannot have its protection. The Blew Police Bill.after the Opera. DoinnPas^ale'-attheAcadenr,'could FasbioB or the Critics resist this double traction 1.«|;;^^V^^( !uponWlte toriather than a report upon, the billwhichfully recognized several centuriesadvantages ofand. %U. » —HAaXTZEK'S debut at the Winteri^arilv caanilted.'~asconfidence inthe ciiiEens, liSO,000 in number, were naturally filled with alarm at being thus leftBu) afa^ Jacob A. Watervelt, belongmg to H. Xb^wfA Co.'B line of Liverpool packets, took ANi yaMsiday afternoon about 3 o'clock, while ly- j&ig.sduicheritiltus J'oith Biver. Her passengerssid acaar w«ra ^ieedily rsmored Vj the Hartior Poiiae ateaotboat Magnolia, which was fortunate-sorted to since..1but the ves- sel tad her cargo, which was inade up of bread- atoCbaiul provisions, valued in the aggregate atMetropolitanbill,justly in ^0-viilnity pollmg up shadpoles,which cantecs from becoming a sham. The Hickmanengaged Hatvaso,peaceKigvi*, exception; objecting Constitution which)City under the black coats ofschemes.repliedkind,ference on a previous occasion enabled Austria stowing away neatlyin our coatThethe oi Ten.once moreand of therecentlyiUustrlons predecessor. Ha rhrnim iilUi iiliilaiitaaas aad with a nice aad rare perception of aaateal fe^up,raising Sardinia to the rank of a great Power baa been of woes unnumbered to the Hapsburg;intend tohis pr;Beipal tenors areoiig-universal consequently,suffrage had aome;in thisthe butts and..Garden-how^ Smx^m^^^^^StZ^MmA^Ji''>do it shall do so without so,senal to thenumber of those who would be found in;:.'fVV^'"?^Metria,WhaleboneandWhiskywereABStttenAttBexatloB.There are annexationa and annexations aad ;andoftreatystipulations," andmovedanoff ratherownen haTing adraaced their ssking rates. Therequiiy whyConsul had never been se^^lepidaiTa eoBMra,k6jti«iMttw8l^to Angk>43BXH pteiiidfcea violatedOltrTmVSW-TORK iniKS (Dkilr) to i«bltalMd tnrw hogs. Total, 12,620; total last week, 13,i20. At "MM^Maa* •nsiac—Prioe Two Onn,«rT*d at U3t gMI^I Wt "~* SIXDOLUMBTMI.gorydelighted sobroBian Library, mildly stated in his he had "obtained" the fair but relic.Milanasplfldeaair. FrelghU were quiet, ship- though the same term beto aUdifferfrom ThentheDukeof"beredveal caltes, 4,498 sheepthoughtthere"must have•MMWoa lathanThey enjoy freedom from arrest during the ses- sion, upon aU charges except treason, felonywastheU|ued against the bill, alleging that lEe that the Constitution deprives him by implica- I"ing it in the hands of the Congress of thea residsnce ofaMWtha ; and insisting upon the ex. Ikiited States,' which sliaU consist of a SenateaIn the general diaiactnMiea' ofof tite State. He was sncceded<j«Milfc af Maaaachnsetts, in oppositisn to, andMi. Qrabus, of Tennessee, in support of his House to inquire into the state of the Ad-Mr. Cox, of Ohio, who had voted for ermination to sus-libyMr.Touching upongeneral rightEingdsmof Poland, setthe apart cityand terri-as aanyagainstcompe- anxmgHisHal, rather than showy and remarlLable;any privateministration, tlie report travels, though of ; to his declara- course with much greater amplification, over Iflaunted his beforv' thebully weapons worid,shewed his rapier and his swagger in thieeasualtiesbusiness.Tmjnoticeableof hiaperformance wsi that he shouldtheground adoptedon thisourselvesto out getpfockdeserve suecess.point by.PM^Mt-aroae to a question of pnvUege predicated days ago, and alleges, what nobody but Mr. 9, 1815, and fortified with this very explicitpeaceful peopteOars sneaks along with the dre^talks like adeaeon, tax-payer,- .iltlSr'WB admission of Kanaas, whenever it came in discussing the President's Message a fewPowers, all signed May 3, 1816, were embodied intheEuropeanCongressionalTreatyofJuneas remarks of containinging, presentationpower ofinquiry, is•I|impfementeth>|gbHahe<i reports,VrirVnss, addressed to him; whereas he hadof a The results of this manly custom are knewn to everybody. It causes nine out of every twelve petty 'rowsA conveisa-Europe, tidngs Cracow, the OraeoTlaDs, andsinners, may freely, thoughgratuitously,eater!'IBucHAifAK wOnld ever have thought of deny- 'tfaehouaevl'JiatiHBvltoflast acts he with sangofspecific chatges,question tlian perhaps any power which it hasever claimed or exercised, and that to chargethatthisof assassinationand^iowi^e debate by a speech epitomizing the might require touching the stato of the ed Prussian Poland, or Posen, and Austrianto end in murder.a better iMcia, and cwtainly cannot leeaUand then, country,itgfU the vote beiog taken, the bill was passed by over, some such power is essential, inevery yearbeing punishablefWialMiiged by the friends of the bill ;|\!;I|lence in tbe lastand theapplaose which it pro-a vote of ISi to 73. Hr. English lemonforvotinginthenegative.explainedhisorder to enable it to impeach the President,which Mr. BircHANAN confesses it is authorizedand in a sense which reminds usforcibly of an observation which we heard made proceed.Out Arizona correspondent, writing from Tubac,bodylegal eonsequencesin a sharp Yankee accent, one night at Home, onalwaysgives details oT depiedations committed by the to do. But lie insists that, whenever it does |the and agitatorsColiseum, a^ra mostand withoutaccording to Iiim open its lips about theGovernment, likingconduct of themust banish from thewere sent off to Fort which its proofs. That this would be an excellent Buchanan,thoughts.ourselves,patchasami tiie efiect of starting Capt. EwxLi., with 25tlifeto-nightat the Win-Imaking everyreligious organizations, in;meihomthetrailofthefugitives. Mr.Lothrop, mentperfectlyirresponsible,byrenderingallof the Sonbra Emigration and Mining Company,'When intelligence of the depredations reached impeachment impossible, we freely admit and;had taken place, when on the 18th February,week.BABmm's UDraniii--Xr. BAumt hasaeiAaa'176,(«»0, was almost enUrely destroyed. The report citesone very apposite precedent, which IV««tCT»«tt is vahied at $60,000, and is insured iagreatmode ofofficer of the Govern-extent of ourare in the habit of supposing liferesolution for its,appointment,taking any —tain kinds of and annexation,"anythingto bethe day of trial arrives, and it is called on formurderingin suchapersonimpeacheduntilplaceand lambs,4,222livethatstrand which hasBccHANAir was so anxious to get his case annexation of Oude or the Punjaub merely an-Austrian any-transferred, has delivered jadgment upon hisother forward in the steppacificationandtran-annexed, with the general applause of allwith the criminal pojn- Permitting them, therefore, to sba^pleain and abaten^ent,oTemiled it with con-quUlization of India, find in thfe annexation of "conservative'" world—WWBW OABOKN—Li Tmtiai*.VniAV SABDKir—AfXraooB ud Kreoinc—BtTU report, presented to the House of Representa- logs yet to come; the first mntterings of ajusUce.is a great sc^"' TbX NlWSPAPIB BxPBaSS—EXCITKMEHT ATsiderabletlTes OB discxisseg ! Blondaji tlie points of the;Savoy a fearful precedent of ambitious raven, thunder-storm which threatens the edifice ofnexed iintD thisPresident's protest seriatim, and disposes ofherlabor for Iterlivelihood, was crossingTroy contempora-and of adocatlsg the pubUe in tha scboalar iwith a facility and a clearness wliicli,jnEW BOWXBT THXATBS—Tax Pmk or HmoiT— in the case of in which Mr. Ba- language used by Austria on the same subjectIton,all•J^i*-.- . . we Tentwre to assert, were not surpassed even natural, and just as much to be expected, is thenewspaper trainovertheHudson expressThey can scarcely represent,ed,itwassuppoMdthattheseoldatragglaa seem cease, aad that, content witb ana si^almiL' JMA }tn*m—9*M TariEAii An> hu PBoaanr—Taa Judge Psck, HL^,trMnanu—TBIFaoioiAnHaru—Tok OHAHAMfound80muchconsolation. Thedocu-;but tho contrast between the mote which Fbak- cis Joseph sees in the eye of France, and theKlrerOiia<ii'*i Loo.If'TI*"*"^ KUSKUM—AfteraMB—XoKACBi BAUDiir. sional severity of its tone but for this Mr. beam which all Hurope has once and againpassing her,spring in orderwhat the chose to masageisPbaw. wanOHAPKL-Sia.loaTamu.HUM'S SALOON—Oiok«Ch>iitt'b Xinrsu).F •ALLXBT—KxaiBinoa 07 PAumsoi. message to the House, in the language of ju-failed to discover in the eye of Austria, is pocket,cy, the feelings of theof people Troynatural conseqaence of a wise and liberalmjgfiaf-niaiMBrcHAKAN has liimself to thank. To hareand the ball, after striking the girl's forefinger, traversed her right wrist, and lodged inspeeulatlon, but an Isjadlclotis system of leas-ment lias but one fault, and that is the occa- ;whichoaexploded reaching the ground,sirethem. Underoiril- naiy clrcnnutaneea tils might have been regard aseitherexaminedortososhrewish,un- strikingenough tion.replieddignified and ill-tempered a document as hisNew-Yorkextracted. fast, instead of their dinners, as hitherto. Pos- to estabUth a monopoly of Italian open, hashave been the wisest and mostbecoming prove of annexations of this kind, but that time, leaves her helpless is the hospital.our Metropolitan papers but;course to pursue but it is a course ;In- the moslealmember ofof the malU to GsUfoniia was takenIm^dtora brief conTcraation, was laid aside, andllr. JoBissB, of Teonesaae, spoke at some length and breach of the peace. He enjoys nothing princes "a direful Spring," the like indif- Christian compared with our practice ofcarry the war WissLUcoordinate branch of the Government" he:Mme. Gsaiaashowslegislative power, by expressly iodg-theof theswashbuclder The ^d-fashionedthis formidable—but this iswould have been a More- mockery.to innumerable ac-rulers of the"Private" these views, in decided advantage.any evidence.preparation, It must not"cer whichin all proliability to foment the very little mischiefpublic gaze.of blue lights, provided by Prince DxKLOOFr,withouttheand liis keepsThismorningthe NationalAcademyopento lessconcealed in thecarefully breast-pocketpre-York by breakfast timetreacherous. The usage wliich prevailed in fact, though aot openly, the editors and pro- iHTTi's Luda "—a work delightful in Itself bat aot|Oallicia,'portionwith veheaent musisal ea^thaals, aal btoa^ dawa|>ijpistolspockets'!Whig —times a week, and will »f eoone do^so.jtion of one's personalarmoryis decent andby runningan Express of; his tiaritoiMSsndwalking^^^ began, and is, moreover, the only P. M. of the same marched out with alllDndorbetaigaa(anMie«~aaatremarked at the time, acoolj »..«»»i»h..^^ had bidden liimway," with loaded pistols in their pockets are, what they mean, and how they say it, you wilt' fto40, thoroughlydeUcUnu, la Clad wtOitolerably „..„«!j.»..e«» ii..* ;«..,*.. 4« ...:..;proceed- trianatay at 8 o'clock in thethat it was inthe,£oHMtion of debts against corporations. The with all parliamentary usage since parliaments encounter alarmed the brave Colin, who at 5of making any a reality. Toa vote of 76 to 5. There way inquiry hiaarmy, eanyingofficial in to the street-Ita'Uisywaspassedbymmttfi^t paaaed the bill authorizing a 1| mill tax put on a committee members who did not the(ill lh«»«|piiTt of the Government, and the act desire its appointment, and are utterly indiffer- TehtiWtothe custody of public money in Xew-every CorporationUtraf bearing the wok, aad if wa laarJiltn beis vAo sharedA ent about the matters which it proposes to in- bill was reported itaming threesweepers.but in Cracow they did not enjoy thenicipalmud ?The unfortunate victim in thisthan to stuff the same upon its tympanum;and ao wi^aowofbeoomiag ponalarthaa ataairTMk0BtT.CamaAuBaaen to locate Quarantine. It was laid vestigate, is a procee^g, the extreme folly ofblessingsbothloudanddeep; casefurnishesonemoreillustrationofthees- last bothFashioinandtheCriticswent »o<*f»I»ts•ds^^atUaltiaMateoiy. Tberanight astraayy.;^ Th^T^J*.Coamion sense, parliament- ary practice and common justice prescribe the appointment on all committees of iaqnlry of the person who moves for it, and is therefore most interested in maltiog it full and/B^otual,at- 'astheonly thingpreventeommit-— been"in-pTOclamatiuBS>this City. Her cargo is said to have been insured we should think Mr. Buchanan would fiad ex- march against Austria. Forty men followed\When a committee wasThe second trial of Pfboueb, for the homicide appointed to prepare articles of impsachment track Colin retreated l>eforeas Incsjiable of performing any pub- lic duty uuinfluenced by political considera- tions, as a fish of living out of water. They- la Sorope. tremely disgusting.these fanatiesleft theon CoLts'sAm'Judge Ekoit, in the Court of Oyer and Terminer.;and de-AanriciAi, Ctn-nrBC or Titagt-BTtTBQis, waa resumed yesterday beforethree witnesses for the defence were examined. upon it.ne^Jooit then adjourned till to^ay. In the Gen- ^ftl fleaaiona two rather important cases were .tiiBlUiBfilTeBecorder Babmabd, in the former of for aasault and battery, the defendantswhile In the latter, for anwho cares much for the- good name the who won a by troops,!with They cannot aTOid making all the influence thay possess subservient to their advancementI.. ^iHBAiandhumili-at a ation. One of our oldest public servants no and Bnaaia. Austria havinganditisfollyto.expect'-'nflSfaMVlieted, liiWKT tf actsp gold,alleged agreedMayor WoobjforBeaiast approach to the size and weight of this fish waa a trout of the same species taken at lalip, L, I., in March, 1848, (by Mr. F. DosD, of this City,) when be was regularly christened as tbe "Henry Clay'opened the door,The little ieilows are all dobif wan, aad 1 Mr.B. Will have the {deasaraja ayaaror8o,arcthe fiy upon his owB waters aad ttakhagtba palatalhad not* ^Iwwl^^a'^'*^^ convened yesterday, on the-g gig nimiiiawiitatifm "Seahh. to aapobt Dr. LrwiB A. Satbk Agent of of hia own official purity and that of iiisTrout.''giva' above, and bis weight, (after lULving bled freely,)SsBeud ^Health." The Doctor was confirmed subordinates. His strenaous and very af- • |w B'vots of 19 to 8, after a spirited debate, which,nexed"Empire of the Hapa-and 14 ounces.Mr. Dosn havink for over twelve years beenltawever.had no special reftience to him.The BepabUeao Central Committee, at theirhimself be changethoroughlyl«n»*« to dsUvw i'^^ 'J'W "TMa»l it ia now to Boase sportsman as " creek fish," and it is tums-.^l^<^rtte^Jteket,TeatsrdaT,»ost or 'SSiJWl^rVT *>« »"P««yoor writ, Iruptefftulf dtetau m»d r^put (s-;" and thusof annexationa which Auatiia likea, it is hard-Savoy.Ward,obtain aome hatter secu^SntSiceJS'ibSS^S*^''ug yesterday, adopted a leeoTu- SSiS:'"ly.i^*L^'"' "lary of Dr. J««OM, theIlie io<dcf to Ur. BucHANAK for that course of land was """nncttB,' aa Oie olfce has virtually been aboHahed.'JgpM"have oaastant access to fresh andwhickihe tioatcan never reach the highest state of^a»aaMkBddotingThe meit who hold the power which is hereafteraafe, respeciThey an the tme"WtoA flavor, aad cannot be eqaalad by any and warrant--eloea*tift»nt^b*JwftanonTne«lay.'Pacificgreatbrilliant career,wMJi •oHie of tho baserMid Sbbsicah M. Booia, as eoBauaded ia bet was otkaie—onn^ J- H. LEWTS,qaiat at lOSpQthe fieraeOf»!lSB»IttTemtii. 00 serious detiate, evea on the Craoorian Hmoj Mayor," graceeent. on vgrr ghort, and tothe who tUs CityMr. Jason whs on the 7th. (says K.5;aaa,themoatly dene8fflS^" at.Vyeedtor theoiaO^'SlS*OielrwiSiagDr. Wiaa, Editor of the Cincuinsli Israelite,^ wittieatoseveralSenatantocaoUoat'AaqiBHtftwjf/iiyclsuaalaj^j-g:.' ^fwT&aWheatcontemptoooshalf of which is fiUed with the"»^'He>aiM* a' amaawi spectators, u^ a^*.u<lT"tquibWeaofwJtt aaaioykgtlcjthey against Lord Mxlvillk, Mr. Whitbbbad, who clared Craeow to be!city them,politiciana,Lasai Long Island Tbout.—A magnificentMr. J. Cbuubt, of this City,) of most ektraerdlnary attending Mr. AASoa S. Vau, at Smlthtowa, L. L, ku aaptnre was over, with the assistance of Gioaas boally engaged for the last two years la IofThe 'case for the prosecution was finished, and made the motion, was the first person named pirewas taken on the north side of Island laat LongNobodyof the country can avoid seeing in this wholeglorious victory so loss of life on their own side."laadad. Thetrout was 20^ inches long, 1SI< inchesand isin the highest office of the StatesiMartdi-. the Prussians on the 7th; but bothstone to greater honors; and to anppose thatI ,Iea<>h otlier notjurisprudence of Rob Rot fromBuTRAM. Lord himself to abstract astated that he u that of Jxaiur member of the CouncU," but "couldn't remem-had beensubject discussed."by andacioas ttp beBeratbatttwas created for thetiansactionaofthisnature,applied theyprotected State."work,upsuppressedleavingimpressivewas e<adiMted Tlie chorus Islocks," manyO^ that it stillis perfectly naturalhiid to be expected.dallythe Paik yesterday morning, on her way to her work,whenshewasovert^enbyMr.Danikl McEat, a book-keeper at No. 405 Broadway. Into avoid awUcliwould not otbenrlae have 1to deserve a moment's atten-Austria, we are now informed, has replied arm,forAflADlirTOF DESIGK—KxBtamsir orPACmxai.ntnsirATioNAL am iNanTurios—exhibitiox under such circumstances, ordinary mortals, of were effected, she doaa not see what she iias to to the list of the victims of the impuni^ wtuch must expect to encounter.Theihat not only is Mr. Buchahak not in the en- joyment of any such special imnrnianities as he claim* for and which hisis sufficiently tart;and it is to be hopedthatweapons. —turn nmiiniled forees,—aiunbsriaf fre- forts to scolding. They do not expect to stop quently some of the greatest and bet aitista we have ever had la tUs conntiy. So moehReport provesfrom the Constitutionhimself, exempt conduct from inrestigation at the bands of either House, but that he has actually less priv-who about go"which,Ttiis unfortunate woman isone more addedselected ascontestants. Besides m»ny ottwrs, Mr. HAoxarr (with Gsisi and Hasio,) Mr. SuAXoaoa, aadsince Europe stood by when other annexations do with the annexation of Saroy." The answerconcealedPrussia and Eng^d, at which Powers it was eral as it is for there is hardly a loafer,have felt theanguishBut Francis Jobefb, like most angry men,barianssortsisvariablythe battle for groundhas a short memory. If the indifference ofdaily busin«^gunsfire,"Martiwhich was reallyits Gallician—so as we stood Bkhefit. We are requested to state that Vtt.lurl<ing amongsubjects, ^ooutbreakofanykind,l|pwever,Wethere in the arena, and watched Peassos'8 benefit annonaced forby way of maintaining the public law of Europe, which had forbidden any such proceeding, an Austrian army entered Cracowa seas.eternal pile.properdoes not contain a — revolver ^isproject,for the place and the cause of Its sslaetian.atfindingtheirpocketnorvenience to which it is likely to subject them. present fight with ample lajonrcaa. Bis eoi^iaay I^theirCongress. Europe to the annexations wltich are gradually shoulders, or yataghans in their belts, as bar-since the and rather* cloudy announcement in the Mesdanes Inis Fabbxi,He wasto brib. Masov, who waa followed hj the irre- cisely the position of a private individual. He to " ronnd her territories" as as France because it is not cowardly and it is not that Messrs. Scissors 4 Co., who are in The opeia selected for the opening was >•«-but stands before the law innowto the strongest of States, to be allowed to" cast as followsAlliance, andjustice waseach other thegest the last rich morsel of the weli-oarved ex-of Cracow in"to l>eregardedtoryfree, neutral and independent city." Three spe- cial treaties to this effect between the threeclauseduced into the city of Cracow under l.ext whatever."went well:forceshall ever be intro- any pre-If not blemishes on his art t^nlyIndlcatiossofunuanalnervoiuiiess. Weaa- tlclpataforSignorBaaAsiabrilliantcareer. Bahaa obviously a good voice, and kn*ws hew to use it' ts the besta rumorevil-disposed per- were preparing trouble for the powers ordainedofMettebkich. ThePrussianGov- ernment, being reasonably honest, went toJanuaryPoland, or Galllcia, that "apai^ So remarkable waa her excel-sons"offenceso far as they are views at all, must certainly be act,lookedthem. TheAustrianthedis-February, 1846,pervad-Baglaad'to assist in the pursuit. Dispatches which he sub. his doings in office from all examiaation, we to the consternation of the inhabitants. On We do not deny the propriety of a man's words: "Private fortunes, do you say? Hem- Museum. ,^^^^^^^^Tnbsc, immediately assembled the Mexican popu- if Mr. Buchanan finds it convenient to protect lation in the Flaza, and persuaded many of themseqnently received from Lieut. Bandall, at Fortstrongly recommend him to defend, with asmartial law wasthiai "uponhowever nal never can find 'em." ly private youinduced blm to set out immediately forthat place with his force, which consisted of Hezi- caosandPapagoIndianstothenumberof57men.Tbo tiail had been followed until it was evident Representatives. tliat the Miana bad divided into two parties, each19th,localities. Noguarantee everybody againstikt iamj oTMiriki' /'''^^^Bachanao,as he canof the powers and functions of the House ofourEnglandarming himself who has to venture at night there are some of those private fortunes so infer-intothe some brawl in the streets, the civic au- ruffianism of such places as the Sixth and Firstslight&ve terms in the House to assert that the ap- invasion of their rights. Thereupon the Aus-muchthis newvigortheorypolice,Dosim'sUa works Isdaa ane of his best. Its career in this City liu laatbrilliant. Piooouiian,whoseSimuster,dangerouscanand we hold that every citizen uponframes and afian, renders society a service by like Barbt's gracious crayon heads, arrests yoU^ amadatlva few and ignond byflwlikeFor an old public functionary who had servecl thorities being this audacious paralyzed byWards whom a'taking >oaS of tlieir prisoners with themdSan. ptisoiier, however, had been sent by Capt. pointment of Mr. CovoDB on the Committee of trian troope fired inte the streets, and killeda ruf- eralkaleidoscopic glowbut the reaene of the latter had not been effected. An lo-attack is madeglittergiltla Europe as admirable, failed to a^ka itlon with the part here. It was a^foyad briSinbiL into the Pinal country, with instructionsbecause he was of Inquiry was, the moverNo reasea 'can be te aartgnad tUa,were brangiit to the Canon del Oro within eight days, tobe eBcluaiged fbr other prisoners in his hands. Tlta following bills were passed in the Statepersons.theyev^^ under the gaslight ; but so far as the paintings ajia^;bya wildthe "avioiation of the principles of universal justice," was, as waOn- the 22dchurches up, and oae man was killed forattention by being intelligible and expressiveM^.^Hftlbe idea of the opera ts vary qoMtheindependent city byproclaimedin thismon-u wgaidedarchy. Onthe2l5t,atavern-keepergotupvigilant,nighttreating his assailantbe classed with these fortunes. 'You see, as wesawlast a human a night, great many beings, gen-probably "DaaPaannale,"—<severalshut theout of his- house when an Aus- Dahixl McKat, book-keeper, at 406 Broad- concerned, if you really care to know what they iAaotataUof theSuch a inNew-Yorkwithdispensation mightthey,slight Government,Jthe wo^ aad in every pi Jfftfot Hlsa Panplacedpurpose of taking action ex-many a piseatoilal epienre ftoa tha ^nesads of own grounds.|\to thafecting lamentations over the corruption burg-Lorraines. Cotemporaneously with this wouldTheof the City Bailroad bill, and caUing upon thaOosanwr to veto the measar*. A Oomcnliaee was his eyes in holy indignation, the more people province, deai or alive. By the lath of March, York by the' *CK'^°**d to convey the remx>n>trance to tlis seat wlilsper and insinuate. Finally, the gossip of 1478 inchiding praprietors,of others do not appear to have had the least"Hospital, ought not to be Mtlon which all its expeiienoe of human na- Cracow" was annexed." Thla being the kind high time toalien passengers have arrivedtoie lea^ it to expectritymIwinn Diacmutsthe State canvass a^ the reaBttef the State election, which «as& longer $iSil*P^- '^^•NPWIP Ummitb the Stock.>,contttraeSifl^&ethre demand at prices. ComandCottonwerelessac- tive.ThetransactionsinProvisionsandGroceriesand reliable than the 80,000 admirera ofsingularUnited States Marshal, DUtrict of Wli APSUS, 1881k'^ <=^t. on H^were restricted.{)il and Tallow were jnreq' est at|unlfonn rates.smaUful vituperation of a common acold.ema«q Th^^Mthe demand forandfirm, pricesrHay, Heps, Tobacco, Linseed.tear-cuments-ssj^breachea of hig hi|1li ^fnutr^fhsr eagerness for teTwtt|ifl(»!itaste of the British CoaaarratlTes, seeing that annexation took place in theBritiah PariiameattfflAug. 17,neariysixmontha afterwards,ina Mr. Hums and Hr. Milhxs the Commons, and honorcoaed (tf l»knftTVT.ly surprising she shouldpopularpugOiatatrout inshape,,°inV^e' foof an honest man ac-salt vrithont irater,aof a great officer of aconalderwhose State who ia «kug»i, after a long andof honor frnpHtbU^i,aiiehtame andneceasai?.W^It finds itaelf forthwith tpalattd-t* » l«tt*»'.who Iswtiam harehtoskullfitaotoedandUaparaanibhadiiL^-1 nn<a,HBoaaforatty with its terms, wheeled of claekeia ftom tta State Hoaae, tt this cl^,lawyer, and the other halfwith theUngentlemandiareUdh " annexatioos" as that ofgame"tnd-* This Is eoneedad by all experiencedtha|Ipounds"States Ms;—Ue 'Wttbeiejoieed to learn that this proeeai htfday with lilmtogaze;their City4:"^ftdidelicacy were required, eeUaatly. In the ensembles thereawere in tliis state when half a dozen Gallioians camewithout a constitutedin from the constry, passing the army of Colikon their vay,and to issue communist beganwith all the honors and homage and Mayors hopes upon which art, artists and amateurs canlaw-abiding"The view at the Academy, we fear, mast' privateofauthority. Theymale ezcUania is i .\pait from these slight diawbs<:ks, Ibawas in every way a success.Signor Soeiin as the perplexed 2>»n tlas. Signer Faaai as tha Doetarjaod, ilou as Enust, all that Vo/t desiis. Tbe Opera wlU bear Iand demand an to to armytwo from tlie Board. These crilicers augurated,"are, and always will continue to be, thorough reasonably have counted,a Britishto this most unfortunatebeen,or wouldbe,someofway explaining tiieand sohas n(ft beendangerous, is painfiil, may sibly our Troy friends fear the effect of the di-lierTheprobably disable her for life, and in the mean-woimd,far, if notresnltml—as all mch effwU result—whosehabit of down settingMr. Habxtiu, hke a cautious generat, entan upoa Uadisgracefiil practicecarryinggen- journalists do not intend to confine their ef- it with their belligerentamount rowdy, or fireman, or " fast" man in the City,the train byOn the contrary, they intend toWhig, theyinto Africa,their own, and delivering Troy papers in New- Biu, GAiTAao?!, AasATABi and Molub. Wlife Maprincipally aimed,of conscience-strickenown devices thus recoil upon themselrea. a disgrace to oar civilization. We are in theabusing by whiningpartiesto thesession of the means oftonish people who judge of our manners by theverydifferentthingof thegreat vomitories,the familiar tones of New-Thewhich has-bands and a knoirtedge of;City,playthings^ofthe and remains so an-lation.in the administration ofdal, as wen as a great abuse.McKat made apuddle, dropped a pistol from hishouse, the Murieal World would rest ntlilail iilliain thismatter, certainly they cannot object to re- ing the Foorteenth-ttreet bouse for awith their lessBiron their but the open and undisguised exhibi-Citypalmy days of the Gassiu, Famouax »dlittlethe last century, of generally supposedcarry deadly weaponspeaceful-looking shopkeepers and clerks, andThis is and pertectly legitimatepsteemedwotthystreets, and enabledWe shall be mostEaUbition of 1'860.of his way. and air of aapplanae.It places the most inoffen- sive of the community at the mercy of itsascum.cidente. doesnotseemtomaketheleastdifference. No-It leadsThe fact ofitAcademy.seems to fear anyfrom the sudden revelation of his private ar-Atkton, .Ha The orchestra, strong ssdefficlent, (tieing composedand who New-York from life in the Chineseghostly splen- But as we came out through onePolice passed,whateverits defectsmaybe,hasone— meritand that is, that it removes thebient andso the exhibition ol 1860 hastroutAprocessionofmonksandnunsfol- arethecreaturesofpoliticalintrigue;politicsis weak,(bydimensions. Afterthebattle his suceeesfullythe Em-lowing (he Austrians was accordingly attacked tlieir business, an^ll their ambitioais political.pacified "independentSixgifor oui lives aad pc^Mrty thaacasaaiy to say more than this to the fadUated.They«"•, .o":???marching uponoommenced In tliisof Mm eaithem instant, sooner reaches the summit of Us ambition, the Susaians came in to Cracow on the 2d of looks on iiis Mayoralty as simply a stepping-ter's in cans ftoa Smltlitown to To liatcblng,affair abundantmatter forregretTheseofrousedPrussia intheirthe^^caff a(Sj6vn'> of the Commissioners of than grave suspicions begin to be entertained soon after abandoned the city to the return- he would not use the position in its fullestjuryprooeediags,course,.profession, to do otherwise." on in his ing Austrians, who declared Cracow an- tent to help himself"the Prefects inannexation,"lioBS strongly lenumstratisg ag^nst the passage more he preaches, and the oftener he tarns up antry for the " disaffected" gentry of the ment of the absurd attempt to govern New- aagte." The exhlbltlou of the fine fish leeeotly 3b Ltmut B, 8. MOtr, &».. Court CmGaliicia issued*meetiiig last avenug, paMed a anies of resolu- influence in quieUog these dark doubts. The placards offering a reward to the peas- another step towards the complete abandon- bdd, with the satisiaction of a " true lover of the his prisoner|Mr. Boon. T5ie Maiabal daUy refoses :takaB.to several " enthusiasts of the rod" here, atea-andIn Oetr declaration ttiat they had never seea any:>Tft«^BBinitaionexs of Emigration, at flioir regO» itself into a motion for. an inquiry, and the pub- their murderers rewarded. Thus Austrian Po- saw. We have been governed lon^ enough ia Both of tbe trout as above,, ware of the kind knownorv,-<Buovemment. theclubsandcaucusesandnewspapersshapes priestsandmanyladies,weremassacredand andthefutilityofwhich,ovenJirrasoNfore- tmataofinebefore.jsixtyseventybooses and onr annexation is not much more to the owe their offices to aometUagwithout Int«mtojgMwo«Bts»ptrfNor we to be astonished that the Sa- oughtvoyardmake onrporaea moreiIiorda BiATTHOiTT and EraBAUtn inhoar mmkicf onehour a'nld'a'»l^w't(-,„TM; ffi a^V*-Peon. tothegtatifioatloBOfhlataate. pTOteited Bftinat thew " tinaohes of humanitj jotltjr of oor Qltizeva do Rot ibsnThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ttitlehd Dois tohim credit for a dislnteresteiuess of which he 3as avillage, which we hava long protested against,the interest of the-*ru»a^,^TMu;«rBwW- laatTMBbamo assamenuwAineryNew-EnglandLMnwItfaln named J. H. LsSJU««i.. XJnitwl States for tbe Distri<^ "(."^jglgfepresence. Anybody ofonr"HnalcipalByatem,"lawelcom^ Butthecareer,ashamed.which has. just been made-iathe cbaaiplon of the heavy weights" on Long Island, he BOW nllnqulshes4he"belt," which he has so longfollowing is lbs return of tbe Unlladof Wisconsin to the writ of As»c*> connuaef<Bbt«r theAldermen to act asThe only use these men make of their powers is the discharge ofcriminals^, between arrest and examination, thus nentral4withtheir associations areRailroad. For some reason or otherto have been made thoroughly unhappy by it.ceivingjournalsbreak- period, and of thusestabUrtilng, or atteoptiBc—been in thistroupe. Amonghia/rimeimntwefindthenaaufefcompetition what publishers there as. well as hereCtty, it hasbeeasmallhave given way to the organized this new express, and made ex- Esauii thewaa wastha^aciat Stear Signor OAsai^ tha |ia(sa_mBrar^mimK tfir*-t iJ'*^ .fi^iCt ?!j^?4-if-.ff-fr73"?^masiak>Mr; IwoeeplaitoaiMaddZM^JbrTtTaDouut.declined were still full lastJc.Ithe gratuitous assertion thatif ever atSaal WMklr>-TainDet- ncjnW-TORKTIKBa (WMld7>-T«« Dtuua kpricesbreiichijl2ihr-T0RKthat formidable respectable authorities ofmagis-to TwiLTi Dsllau twii|lii oo^aidNMftcProbablythei ta eMaUiMtferTanTTDsuus. .ioy riuaCteV ftNH^ar »», wiU W <s-Itk*M(M*MI OAUVO<toi«»«Mi«fwylMlrtinoiiMllA tBWtoUy bi dnooe. ABMMatok*aNraH<to tk* PaMtolMn "Nav-, >«v-Tfrk Wtjr." itklaKTeaiaS'&wKHIA to pabllAed on tksMany.ritee.1awTmpy«n.*Tlie President and Congress.The Jadiciai7 Committee, to whom Mr. plaud in Asia ; and while they recognize in thegreaterments criminal^ themselves, with indict-yesterday's generalof sale, and estimated bve weight.^romanticvisitors tothe Am-"of a treaty was justifiable, it was in this case !""great jiermitsM#t(UChawever7i8rather dulltb.,drug, ard the yardsVeal calves sold Jc.last week. Sheep and lambs declined 25c.®60c.^Moreover, thewere about cleared out last night. Live hogs advanced about ^c. ^at which rate theS>., Uvs weight, with a moderate demand.hesd,pensfelt different name.tolabel theaboutMilch cows were aevening. B)., live weight, lower thandiaiytrates. judicialIIpolice,disposedproceedingwithofnow 4enouncmg that in Europe which they ap-organspublic opinion inEnglandarenoble Earl, thenForeign Affairs, felt assured, from what heknew of Prince MimaNiOR's character," thatwhat had tiappened must have been all rightand Even Lord Paliubstoii was con- proper.vinced that the " mild and benevolent Government" could have had no hand in tUng cruel or unjust. And so Cracow wasthem arehanging over their heads, and most oCSecretaryforizmg tlie exerUons of theand interfer-' ing the duties of the poUce justices. In addition to thU, a or less number oftheywith any accura-theover tlie losses and incon-of all any other establishment In thesai nnsasi may impose some extra expense on the Tnos vaice and style he bears many resemblaaeea'tohiaItand other New-York papers, in order to main-ofDe- which, sig{i opens its EzhibUioB for 1860. From thistime forth, all the world, Gentiles, publicans andcaiacity,wareear-Ourthefriends have our best wishes. Their enterprise dietisn scene of ttie aecond act, wtiieh was OsHvaradadmitted to be voked, tliat itwas some minutes ere the opera coold;Hr. Gasuis was admirable asis admirable In all that he undertakes.ofplay Marrsxk, with his usual ability.in honor of the return of Pius from Gaeta. rate. PopeThe reader may easily imagine that such a show To-night, (Tbursday,) Kme. Im Fusti, theasw.theirbors, without a moment's warning, would as- the 'time being, all external and sublunary company.imagineddors flash and fade around tbe solemn circle of the ter Carden, will taka^aoe on Thataday of aaxtfellofof colors. Here and there some bit of drawing)ofcoarseit-istheblisa but both of those delectable corporations are quite as apt as"aBtill there was a goodly showing of people at;wu and notably in thein Tenth-street on the walls a ;monarch of the brook" was safelygtrth, and weighed /nir mud a half fcuttit. The and stockoii the pond of Mr. Biaoxwbu at that |tbe time, theday of this week he cacveyod2,123tnmt,afla4l ~^Bis dimensions were a trlileless than theU^^ Tm Wisooasoi FcBmra Biatk CAsa—iWftedanarked8«naatlon;they were anaaimoos» FrlsoB,atWetheisfleld,<mdback. o'ehKkiathamoniiag,'.amid the 'a""-MO&Me aiui• «i*a«ySwjt*night especially suggestive to a belated witter. Ranse.executive powers are and goodIn the fait aati displayed atach oocasiODi^yv iMw-certain of thedepressions sustained ttmsa.supported by the best merabeis of theagentear, in these expressive FtghL Bepropeaaa.taput htafltotoaeean 'IfeaWlaMrat^Saaat ''.««Mssfnl. ItIQj. remsAaWylaJge 'ItaadoBaaiafaeraewBart.aiMltoaddlttahflrlack ofthe female dragon at the JktMlt to the secoiui act, where experience of baathe roomsnumber of canvasesdoor was as ferocious as usual, the Committee as. courteous, the company as chatty and circumam-power,goodlytaimagnaf^ .care, www.fultonhistory.comHsass iSBft ie^imtiimmwmit. 