 ''who declines toThe ancient dogma that the King can do no5ft, -r.peopleback alleya. It may be a question, However,-«'i^^P»»the WaaUi Thai:foH^ of our ovE, Ife kav« ^Rmhes ud •ohodls,a Utentare toJititesmen of oar own. We are OMnpetent to fi»m an (pinion about the aatC^rade. If an ancUon of blacks tookit is not Ukely to be pvt tafte jpnoT, thB^ihi Pinr^NbM, tiMi Vonignof New-Tork affizisg to the offence in wUoit solsUft, thi> Kavy, the PnUiethe Archbishop glories the penalty, not of poor newspapers, and "tMoadeath, nor even of imprisonment at hard labor work is conbeit for (he pnunottonof tke<pw-' NmrOii^kaHeBwrtsoiiaWittikrl-fefLIferCWIUtaMlB. in CiiufOmm. dMigaadtrade. _Tke Afilcui BlMemMe—Tke Debate ta tke 8e*»te.and in our own way^Aa Arckkiskop ta Agony.St Thaddsus Htatt has met witii his match.in BoTOpean polMrd diclaa by a lapipt»—passidaadafIflag.altit •«— ^tOBK"**K »<u>><'**' ***'wedisappointed. With cases like those of Bira- port wlthoot congratulating Mr. BooBAXAa ha!r.4lieaaiBff'aUBf-^Mb mMmThe New-Tork roads, and Sttfe, Federal ttdBailwayBonda,weresteady. Exchiangeforidee trifle with tbe few ministtatidn to posterity. Next to the grati- fnll-dreaa occaalonia. BbMr andiiifiT'-Ourallmarriage.rid of the envelope responsibilities of office, must be tite— !!>>^f'lTiiwi;i^«>WiJK«Vv sUiwIiMiyetainkftma mvoodng the- \ aheUaf aeofarii«iii wUeh IkeU^. H«ia tt^iatoMe toat toe peenMatOB*and Silver Is less active.is therefore clear; andSo far as thebishop's mysterious "delinquents" are con- giatificBtion of having his labors chronicled net to be mentiooed in tbesaMaktM&wiAata vop* dntar «k* fMt tefalciit, Ja iHM« Thb (WadMidaT) MoHia*, la mrtelairiy "capped"grateful and happy people. AsLecompton Constitution is remembered in Kan-1 IIke if1b^ A* ifrin-^ Mrtt As-, whleh alia •t H M. Tka Mat riaaaa atftan^prea- It Ib nottohedis-Info thestancea, Ac, of snch act, and to hold Its agent respon- sible to its lavrs. There may be those who will admitsas, sowhich the Btepeiev XaMOOTV terms scarcely eoadlliBt n^lker,courage,itjoDmals.letter c^is ta ft*ttqt:.''iiB| aojnwrt the nominee, irrespectlTe of thispriestsettle his tailor's bill.—^toe leases to be for a term ofor Hanv, however, ymiinalpaaiiidice preference.—rjoiBiaty ;ttaJTijiCABCB afacirt of O. Bept»- MmHw4MOengefaraIawhtt* tnx> BlOaiH. ftvaUM tlwOitrkeld tkdr last tegular pliieein the orchestra at Exeter HaU to-mor-for life, but simply of a moderate fine. This of a the Honse of aage nefitriona.UIlbytt*Oeteber next.11i>2>iisiDeaa In Stocks yesterday in^roved inin piicee |®| ^to oos (ddfcM ftr fiTBBwi' MmMnttK Tins (yimitijt-m 9kuw • Ae(Otfr)IIwpdNrteswift destruction that would surely follow it but onr own course would still be plain.;public,are sure, wouldregret to see hhn We cannot dose this brief notice of fhe re-MN«te tarOtauM:Afrieademand for Goldguarantees institution offorma of the:PllBM« tMportZ^M' <"** < TWH>«r«Mrti»<Bt««i»- The Afrie* takes $100,000 in Gold on freight.dntytfkBKH'—Saiui DAiUKn. ih ships engagedwhich isfor alsoweare inclined toyearmanipulation,are-'I If II American ports, and soling under thedutycommonly paidbywt.<»T«Mgr Ann rOCBTH-AVXKITC- outin—"supplanted hf toe• fltuTCBTiA Kxaxaun.|ir».«« BaOASWAT-^B«r. JAaoas' lUaiou. Kam-iJliiBMWUOH—Saaasa Caaisn'i Ibnaau. ndUtrCnnr—So. 8ll-Waiii«0K>i I'aaa SnuntTisstick to your party ;don't servescrupul-'wMirMRmaa.g SAUiEBT—Ho.imposedis a and Archbishop simply clergjrman,n> BaaABWAi—BzaiBt-r'KBWS OF THE DAY.gion,to do our utmost topolicy, It But inin an Americanwertl adMma t* the langnage in the way of worda are of doriMliil«»»j.—r—»« mspiteprac-EmaneipatlonBaoAtWAX—CHQlOB'a Bt |f"«»»*'»'—g"°— rua Fioma Sauibt.— whichwehavetraaslatedfromtheIndipen- baldi'sevidentpnipoaeistopromotetoemkm«f4§*.' •dance Beige, concemiog the emancipation of allltdyby annexing the Etntdomef Xa^ete is a document toe Russian serfs. In spite of the formidable Sardinia as soon as he shall bats saeeesisd i«itsdifficulties by which it is surrounded, toe Em- establlahing independaoce. Tbe TaaAftfta•yenr({nestion,itisexpected,willbeinthehands itthanherexampleandpreceptsgodsleon, and Chables XII., and Haveloce, and terest.that our of Baw-Trak, whose delegates will support the re- morality has no better foundation than herat the price fixed, in bonds at five per cent, in-Thisistoeplanofemancipationproposedby thisoperationiscompleted,thethreeahooldbejnt «f the Committea, with conservative amend-Hfce peHtfcil canroaiga advancea steadily thoagli vHkflffgnttinidtty. G.H.Clathaswrittena 'flwer InaoninK the Bepnblican ticket, to a tjesetbic in Ohio, and Jndge Batis of Uis-should also be attached to the cat'stall,and4r-- his te a similar epiatle, declaresBritain took the lead in the crusadepurpose to HMOrt Kr. Lilicour, whom he knows to be an 'ShH^vpd^t and true man and, whoaa election he MMotan necessary for the defeat of the purely sec- tweel dedans and purposes of the Democracy. Tke raioB tioTet he confers too weak to render itcCfte aUghtest practic&l use to support it.By Pony Express from Camp Floyd, we leam 4het tbe Indian troahleain Western Utah still con-againstforce into a station, doing a great ded ot dam. as it seemed age, proved to have been occadoned by a aeg- ^''"sanctioning:domesticiniquities,"andthenJndge Kan's pen^eptibly improved within the lastk'w~a,aI*o,Bew8 from Pike's Peak to V«cuses the "officers of civil matrimony" of acity and good faith ^in plain and open breacheralwelfare. Emigratioiiwas the landing-place, on Henday andi.mininggoes on "from Europe.hedto hasfewvlolenoe has abated,—the «li«««y.to tlM e&ct tliat Oolchfhe antidpaticma mT tiie mineraA number oflarga emigisntsdeparting from the mining dis- palioes and Chevennes, friendly tfeflodiaat, ware preparing to go and fightwith theand in—an kidneys,„->, Jt^l^iiWMiitp Jit Solo, wMch arrived at thispoliceseas,every-—^Soabaaay ^j.parts itself in the feet.aflfected^—S^KfftUP negroes'' 'jUfmigrmA oae cargo captnred by a Spanishhalf asmanyIrish.The interior of Castle GardenTheof had been landed oa thepursuing object byflection that success would most probably cov- tive of toe Tower of Babel than of toe hope toat he may recover.r-.r—£ceremonies yesterday inle niB. ^Cba vidt to Greenwood waa neces-else.Great Britain is not our model, orfant liberties of Americawere cradled there-.v'*®X"~^'' resolution of inquiry rUie Common Council had not a right, bythroughlongestIsf negroes had bain laatrt to 'Oa waat-not participate in conaeqnenceWe have our own on a " remnant of police Whyer bim with infamy.Of his courage, the report is fUl of proofs. Every member he button-holed or bribed, every newspaper he sought to buy up, every job heMM 'o^'-to order the Bass-ZTtirJRaHi! pavement reference to herwhich he to happenswhich their led toem. twoof the United gion through journey days experiencedstrong Nortbaeat r^taken up, the stonebroken and reUid with-Enlargement and ferrvpolicyinscribingto the land of "firom whomeverheavy rolUag sea.whether the Comptroller couU ilillWWIIBlledtopsy for work so ordered. TheCeltic pilgrimsftmydom," sought they met,... She brings bo oewa of Epecial inamd.•tf«e2fr»eWflie BatteryOliawvana, ezpecUrw to cleu •boctly for TMaCraa.r fee Commodaraiie pneeotad Ida card, and acknowledgment of it She has— nothing"»ed a wish to vldt tlie difieient MMMbowntltronghthevarlonawoimopsand toto do motives whichage.uamffled, this.onlythat issoul,exploitsHdepartments. with our course in this matter. Ourcompelupon tiie Inspector's peer litUe circular, that toTankee belle would envy, indulged iaa much lesseoBttaoea good.Bogor making ooatlnoes oa aaaay' '—aof interest, and expreaaad lumselftheordinarytheyvague,capableFaaiaaxa.—T1»ra la an active demand fcrraaasl*.sad with the of the -__y, arrangements yard.Uonimposed on uslargerinbnt th* arrivals aad better rates hava been moderate,Ob ma retiring, the Marine Guard, Lieut. BIT-offorth ia this report, is even more remarkablefor forknowledge, Hillwaukeehavebeenobtained^%. « L^—"S?.?!?^ "" ** woman, who had been m- beonewMtle«clear.\TarT:Si^scaffold;than either his fortitudegM»«W"^1 »>" •cruisersto-mor-Outside building hoogrythose w*e lataras t>a« iM waavrere convicted of ZBMIASMO»A»withanaxe,theinjuriesinflicted aotMloe^vny severe. The man was sent to the?u'''''*^"par name coUeeted, wlU, M Is said by•'-n-»9f judgment. Several other cases werebutsaid, with more than United States does rot make the President'smajesty of resolution. term of office four or five times as long. In Diiavan were the Emperor Dio- the dangerous crisis in national affairs which^ ''^eitWe haveto havemanyPreddepta wbecharacteristics of men and peoples, the place is sUtlstlea, stoee It is much«^ an.fejjlie1808, that thetraffi;^;taken, everybodyregret that'-'which resnlted in anacquittalalready preternaturalsioners, the immigrants suffer mnch less in this respect than foimeriy. Great care is taken to ex-best Informed Marshals, who have diligently pursued their Inveitlgatlone, express great surprise si the. '.'A:QMOuar and others. TheSeventh,on us to put a to stopare iipmigrantonand In which believed there theysjneetings Were held lastciviUzation, a due regard for the Htatt's._ pA.ifWiBty-aeconi Wards also helddragtlemanan assault upontooa^ know,complainant, was released on sus- we were satisfied inlibertyrightthe Constitution of the " boardmg- masters rob toem, and then kick toem makes It aa object to them to collect as many aaaaaasour Sii3 were marked by consider- IS of nouponourshoreswithout'^lUmntffltnfr nwrrt'H' headquarters, which 'means or remain nntilwhere have time to leam where*«iei wgBdtwMteit—>ratedthetenthl_— oftlMir„ f orgauza-the resources of the Govern-friends. It is aplacethey may multltadeofwho live to tenant houses and1Ud«enflwialasm. ThaBodaoD Kverown action U concerned, whator to be.theygo, and can take a fair start.they To thosewkeW "n"""Bizteenth-stMet liat C&areh Tester. 4qr. The uetcisea c 0(butAaaodatlnB Sonth,France,the Marshals will not be tempted to write upthe obligation which iaon us by reli-law anas when a Catholic prelate performs the mar-investiga-Tycoon. aalyimpmtSf!H^'^t!m^^«i9ie?:^qn^;t!!f^!e«^r^^1^9MMNia«i«talr.MdwafA^.«g^.|Mt ereniag. A largenmiii^r HmttSmM. After the tnnaaetlonofwMMlTlnliMBtheyadioataedtothefirst ofbarbarism,andlookwithsorrowforthethewith a firmer demand on tile Weitem list, wlUch liad previoody been de-wkk etytoef oarvidteta will aearpriiiiilto was done at I09(®109}. Tbe ex- prevent all further pursuit of it under our ovrocent.,in«««•we cannot afford to CavwKa^llttt OUTThe sales of Cotton were quite limited. Priceswere nomiBslIy nnbhsnged. A fair Inquiry pre-vailed for Flonr, partly for export, at firmer rates.Wheat was leas active, vet held higher. Com waa matter in thefUBXlUSOiadUlbpmMIilMdontke indemand,uidwaaaoranciDg. Froviaioaswere rightlightquiet. Sngara and Teas were brisk and bnoyant Senate that we must get over the weaknessthe form of penitents." For however secret displayfor dim-W»*-ealtiniiU Md Ike Bindwlek IdMri*,_ A««lcm»T«»te esMptel* Wgertofthe greatLiJ»erlo«, C»UlhrBl», Ongoa,followinghighlydiplomaticsuggestion: variedlabors. Hehas,insfrsetlOBS,calledqpoBtlMfWeigaI the PiaadaB Govmhbcemhif a private letter wiltleBj« gcBtofPraaaiatoPiineeAiaMBefWe debeteinfheSenateenthepropoaUioiiefUr. WiLsovtotteut fire amall eteem-Teaieh ii»r aerrlee en tte Coast of Africa, in theThe "ICoet Bev. tiie Catholic ArchbUhop.of form ormairisge, any reUglooa act, Its of-Seial I caa oadaistaod that the 8laU agent, mightsecurifyforapolyliBfaed yeeterday Tery intereetfaiKother asmemory, it to theby committing keeping of abgrtt*]ion of fhe fflare-ttade.the traffic and desiring its snppteadon. Tliere to the smaUness of his raw material of mole- gation of all sorts of delinquents in the £|iBftKnn>8THI&TBK—OnJipimaBnuar activity with wliich the traffic is at this mo- moimtain, the ambitious ecclesiastic has sur- prison and the scaffold, and to save Inspectorlife forty years ago. He entered at the close now adds toat theof his career upon the highest office in the to all conjectures op the'-^Mearaaaos'* WnTHKATKE—BU«X Ou •* OoTaHTIT— facts wliich were set forth in the letters of thepeople's gift.office,inga. •ABDltr—laeoiuB.ment carried on, or the imponity with which it is attended. Not oae of ttie hideoushis 'Delatait the trouble of about bis sendingmoa—HiaaoBRAia. our on the coast of correspondents[9 IiniBXCV—AfteneoB and Kraniox—Oua during the past Winter, in the Tikis, is de-dischargewithoutofLovn Napolxos marched Us to tk» armymmindingpersonsthe City of New-Tork to keep a registry of themarriages which they may celebrate, and to parties directiy interested,report the same monthly to the Inspector. Of think the cause ofpnbUc economy will be served, ousddA* Bau-^oaani.requiresceremonyin on being paid by the State for performing ain the fourthafnied. It is not disrated that nearly all thepieces and thethe Ttddiild of the regiment *nd the aoummttL itu^wordetmbecamerious Tbe expreasion elan.N^ihoneae has come full freighted wttoand Snicida will haneaibito phraaea.as and onr "happy dispatch,"itas weD as honor and sound bythepubliclaw.suppressof an this, \<iien we come U>be woito wbOe of the Covode Commit- Among our foreign extracts this morning wUj utility.monstrance of fhe latter against the French ex-portation of laborers from the coast of Africamen could not beonce, toey shall have two years within which to tinal "nips" in toe same manner. Iftlwywoold"^ ^'atroDg for him. Uoderate Southern Delegates rors oftbe Coolie traffic, and by forwarding sufficientiy thankful for the benevolence of aandhave, alwaysportionwasWKf that if ererything ia fairly done, tbem to Gen. Cass. New, those who reason inbutvery humiliating.The lastthingcargoway,pas-satisfactory,not less toan six years. In this way it is be-beverage.^Miss Hasbixt HABmrxAti says that catomay be prevented from killing chickana by tying a dead chicken to the neck of toe cat toat laa ac-American sidps, fittedthecity, the validity of bis act depends upon its recogni- tical measmes for suppressing the traf- tion, not by Pope Ptus IX., but by the statutes we eacoonter very formidable diffi- of tke State, there would seem to betured slaves to fhe English colonies supplies nnregenerate mind might beUeve. NotrfalB-oowaajondanca a^lonicn ezcbaagea to themwith labor which need— whichMr.Buohahab win doubtiess treasurethis coostraction to an orderbebaaiaaaadameDdment to the Beform uU In theBoMae of Cocamona was likrir to lead to al)fJUabtrT- TheBoaaiannobleshavepre-•*^IBafemandpadonwhichexcitesa foundedontheconductofGreatBrittun,by mostremarkablelettersintheannalsofepis-recognized,generalExAanxL b by no means unfriendly to Vt1theirinaction. Whenit isalleged by the op-career undoubtedly was, it can fiimish nothing whichinboldnessofconception,infertilityof commendedbytoe commisdon created for toemake common cause wito theKing of Hapiea, As<tf attentioo.8aiat<k the bill yeataiday, Appropriationwhich many of our public men seek to justifytolary genius. In reply to the inference whichmight not unreasonably be drawn from Mr.which it sltaU be accomplished. The plan re-ae Hosae tepott agreed to, and the d. TheOverlandHailbillwasthencon- lb. Folk was in &Tor of the Bat- contiact. Hr. Hals thought fhe con- j would be wiUing to take $600,000, andParis aiei Opituone Puili^ue aaya toey^'i"i'bni^,of the traffic that we have not cruis- DEi.ATAir's that " his Grace" had circular,omitted to do something which it was his duty to do, the Archbishop savagely asserts theowners to give to toe emancipated serfs as much land as"SZ^jWlfvf^^ 1^ remainder of the time the con-ute needs reTisionand claims it as aencounters aas the nobles considerJ(i> ftte contract, whioi wonld be a saving of—replyis thatEngland omission,great service ren-proposal opposition,But, while we are ready duly to consider of the faithful" in New-Tork forthwith sits these objections, we protest against the plea, down, and indites to the Inspector one of theyears of public life,""forfy on which he fre-t tioB and to the revolution WUdi hmeicMad.ponentsers enough on the Slave Coast, or that they are not active enough, or that the prohibitory stat-subject requiresshall suffice for toeir support Natarally if toe revolution ahouldis hypocriticalphilanthrop-begleave tosay,'strenuousit enough for toem to give up toeir serfs, against toe annexation of Naples to ffrntinia. aalthethat Exeter HaUthisBetreat of the Ten Thousand, the advance of^-'-^-^« tbem that snm and let them go, and''"^fiilt miald' benefit all sectiona alike, at a style of logic relied on, that it appears not in harmony with the best interests of cow,—. thaB farm a geaeral system of Orerland Uails, as bad as tiie Slave-trade. So far is this done in the Church to which I belong which is"":'<SSrj|ad to ran.' It waa, he argned, economical ists are humbugs that the Coolie-trade is just cries his Grace," that nothing is left un-Charles XII on Pultowa, the retreat^from Mos-Clive's first Havelock's campaign,'Oowlet,this business.but desire that, insteaii of ito taking effect atIn the Honse, Ur. Datismarch on Lucknow, are very exciting stories in their way. They are full of most marvel-hair-breadth escapes,to be prudent and moderate.—^The Austrian soldiers are<niB«tii«g a new^^fttk expteditnre.%..ef.IIbTlaiid,madn a report from the CommitteeThe letter referred to gives the substance of of thecounterplanwhichhasbeenproposedbythe Americanof Conference, on the disagreeing amendments to years ago, thought he had rendered thethe Army bill, to the effect that they had agreedfor coal and navy depAts on the Isthmas of Chiri- ^ii, waa ooocurred in.Id the Baltimoce CmTsntion the friends of Hr. 1>Ocei.Aa regaided his prospects as much im- fVOred. New-Tork was represented as beingWhen a dignitary of the Cliurch to wiiich theous adventures,a deputation of toe nobilify, which has been in toeimperialcapitalforsometwomonthsupon cannotbeappropriationswhoadmiresof $735,000 for fonificatlons.ofheart-rendingreverses.to tkenB8*liste'8 amendment, appropriating $300,000between him and Lordin which a re-valor,assent toMinister atthreeUnited States a signal service,by obtaining fromCount Walewski notes of a conversation Archbishop belongs fails to fiilfill any of his or-countered" by an exposure of the hor-benefactor inand we can never bearrangeitsconditions. Duringthistimetoe masters and seris make leases and contracte for lands upon such terms as may be mutaallytaketodr"smashes"firomtoemnzzle musket instead of toe montoof a bottle, "poUie opinion" would permit toem to indulge to ex-anytalk as if Great Britain ware thelAoa*- onimaBa carry weight with theoo, think tor of a Church and we the members, or a peda- wrong, and the modem assumption of one ofIMv.im be a split, and that Hobat.'O Set- vHU be nominated for President, with a goDthem man for Vice-President. The __)li of adaaitting certain of the seceding dele- haanot been yet determined, and it is likely StItVaaxaa and Florida will be ruled oat. Southtent in their favoritegogue and we tbe pupilsParis,society !"This certainly covers the whole ground.as if the sentiment ofabhorrence with wtiich the Slave-trade is re- celebrated aposUe of liberty "squinted nobemay providedgarded amongst us was something of her in- vention, with which she bad supplied us, andquired this habit, andobligingher to it diag;will, and that if she fails in conforming totheIt was hardly worth while, after this, for theArchbishop to go any further into explanations and discussions of a dereliction which he had thus demonstrated to be a sablime act of public virtue. Nevertheless " his Grace" condescends to do so, and becomes, in so doing, mystical and oracular to a degree which wonld have warmed the cockles of Jacob BisuEM's heart.By way of further what he views justifyingwill not be sufficient. A moderate slxadbti^ afiarternationalbalance. SheisnoI have therefore to say, with the utmostde- that many cases have occurred, and are atiU liable tohave beenlific in fresh arrivals from foreign shores. ThatM excessively painful as well, aa daa-of thepartment of maritime activity is closely pressedby four or five competitors.The United Statesriseneven toBattery, Tuesday,ihowlng a tan-;nearlytoCv<>Q>>a has no representatives. The decision of that we had no better reason for entertaining shade by this clever and complete position of tion ofrule of morals, we are, re- ipso facto,Clive, displayed many great qualities in the enterprises to which we have referred, buttoe It seems to have been received nobility.wito favor, altoough a declaration appended to toe memorial, to toe efl^ct toat outside of some such plan astois toey could see " nothing but trouble and confiisien," is said to have ex-dropped into the most conveniant well, in which case the cure will be found effectual.—^The accident on the Great Northern Rail-way, in England, by which a train ran wito tollaiyleased from all obligation to observe itwhichour "old does public fimctionary"There was undoubtedly a time when Greatnonenot exhibit in his Lecompton campaign in an equal, if not greater degree. His fortitude has been unexampled in the annals of warfare.the Slave-trade, and when her and opinionsHe persevered in his coarse inmonstrances and entreaties, and finally in spite of tke desertion and hostility, of his best friends. He persevered in it, moreover, in utter disregard of his own reputation for ver-—ofmostsolemn Otherheroeshave pledges.done their greatest deeds in the hope of win-infioenced those of other States. But it was at the close of the last French war, when she had swept all ether navies off the ocean, and was left in posses- sion of almost the entire commerce of theworld.Fifty years of peace have restored the in-spite of the re-cited toe Onpeior's displeasure,too much like a menace. There can be no For this neglect he was sent to jail for two montba.about it practioe largelylect of one of toe braksmen to apply the brake.longer chargedname, and leaving it to the next as a cherished inheritance. Mr. CovoDE's hero enjoys the rare distinction ofdaysHis disease is « gout in the stomachhave risen from the rank of a remote and science Is coneenied on the part of thehaving "superiorof two toousand Germans, and perhapsdencyto leave toehitlMrto and Jndge is net yet but there is reasen tothe last infirmity of noble mtnds," fgaf lay ftam Havana, we laam that an- struggling colony into that of a first-class Bnt I bag to say, once for all, that unless under co- and of his unshaken the re-^ tduiidelinquents. r.I shall neverPower. We have our own policy and our own nesses of fallen human nature, when it turns np Inanhistoric scenes toat transpired when the in-ercion,TievraaboottheSlaye-trade,aswellasabout theformofpenitence."presentedeverythingthe seas. teacher, or guide.conscience" weakness of fallen to be " re-mWhenever she sets aboutweedatheirqnartera/TheJapaneseexcitement instructingusinourduties,werepudiateher medied"byaCatholicpriest"whenitturnsEurope, from the Land's End to the Bosphorus,all remained se- «to^ will be the ^«Mhi<« at the Academy ofhuman nature," up in the form of--7-;f,V°dpone^andtheyneaiiyrequiringprivatelyconcocted for the ofhisscheme, pouredtliroughthroatsofeveryage,fromtheSteamahipDeSoto,Jab.D.ItoUMP,Oom- mander, antvad yadaiday nsnUg feea New-^5*"doJ.-Co»Henmen lield tlieirL regularhopelesslydivine;unconquerable pluck.- will,characteristic than that of garbs and manners.Co. The De StU left New-Orleans on Toasday, theml ifliening, but, with one or two -transacted only routine business. The ai- "^ *is no Power in the world which can count so largely on her forbearance as we can.ceive faintest theezcep-poweralarming stateThoughtfulGermans from the banks of toedeal ofthe resnltlias been tliat at this moment therewith a advice goodindignation;we own ourselves nor can we per-in thisof things, to prevent any clergyman who feelssoldier's Mere brute courage as all the world knows, carry most menandsupportwas fresh evidence of the oldbabbling of infancy to the hoarseness of old age.Nor was the Tariety of tongues greater or more Orleans, vii Havana, vrith modetaie Mliht, aad arow, wo should donbttess allamuof us regret blt- teriy the relapse of a great nation to the sloughpenaltyClfy aothorities propose to sentatives.W1tenth»iiationgetBaiichWe abhor the traffic ;guns and men and money, and we are ablehisAd- becomeaprovided by the law for the fication wfaidi he must experience at getting the gloties of pateatlataiir, •< (be |"swaBow-tan coat.'* Tbe IaeqMr«l ^^oneae may become a paanon wlftl bat their penoBd wear win never grow ] However extenalvB may be earKew-York" hasIndeed,.when the oircnmstances in which thethe deter- mined maztyr of fhe Senatorial Committee.his plea, for the in-at MM A.H. Moa sf tha pa»«, ia a gmaed that tUa qnestiOB ia aniroeaded wiOi stant infliction upon his venerable person of render the State an account of their atewardsUp."long forblessingstiona of the twoconfltelae.kasior mallkw, f awia a aapr- pnctieal difficnlttea, many of wfaidi were reiy torture, imprisonment or death, are consid. Not being one of " those," his " Grace" foughtArchbishoppreferredtheobligation.In the absence of thesecoiuUflons,toMadriT or mmS-JAMnsa lUnHu.Smnr—I-ASTOftHa I^sa—LACAmvi. is, indeed, no question in any quarter as to ttie hill, and to the bigness of his manufactured most exact and faithful style; to resign theand sacrificed so mnch to saveHow toeriage ceremonyPiesident Bnckanan and the Report of the Cor«ie Committee.Themajority reporttee, which has just been presented to the HouseofBepresentatives,andofwhichit ism Rnssta.;aa itia, anytoitoerfic,culties. Theprizemoneyofferedtempts notiiingmorenatural,thanthatMr.Inspectercruisers to permit the trade, in order that they Delatan should forward iiis littie official notemay culture the traders. Sending the cap- to Dr. Archbishop Hughzs. This, at least the tion of the atbe found an interesting letter from St Petersburg^Whatever plans others luiy have, QaU'awB^MnaBd iiwiUir it extiemely probable to do them the by any extraordinary is toe and own- -MMlntioBwiUextendtoNaples,whereheavyexpense, veryquestion-innocentcircularseemstohaveactedaccidentallcopiesofthislittieworkshouldbecerned,hesupportedby nobilhyttfhU ancceaaes cteated the most Id- figaS"axaotlnuiaain.Thecapitolatienwhich into M Palermo hu either expired or ^. jndtheeoiiteetkadbeenrenewed.Oar alMeeaitate that the Greol £<ut«n( willIh&ntry.Hebaaalsoassmnedtbe]able service of returning them to the shores like a proclamation from Gasibaldi on the ers of great estotes throughout toe Emidre. hi the name of the King. Tke I«iidim Kawaf^fromwhichtiieywerestolen. It is easyto soul of Cardinal AiiToifxij.i. Instead ofdestroyed, a hiatus would be left in the his-aailoo the 20th. The paaeaaa of the vious duly in regard to the traffic.formed " his Grace," the venerable " father byperiodnarrative commences, he had seen—such a result gives reason to believe toat Ta—In to certain regarddered to mankind. "Ithat the Bnssian Hinister at Turin had tea pie teddinary civil or legal obligations, he confers an immense favor upon all the rest of us. A bishop who refuses to pay his taxes is a publicemancipation,using toe liquor.It ia a great pity that oar Alder-oughtsquint,"tutes a fair tiUe to 4he Interest and admira- killing mania is fully developed, however, we f-as themeritorious misconducthighly chargeddoubt,tion is advancingconsistent wito the public peace and toe gen-disguise,onlyofaMr. JouN Wilkes' female admirers that this more than a genUeman and a man of honorarelieved toatfor.two years, shall still remain destitute, the Gov-Inspector's correspondentto his accoimt, he first, in a general way, ac-country duty—been punished theoccur, in which It Is lor the Catholicprlvatdy the evils which the corruption of morals may have eqtdled, so fu as any remnant of private con-generationprivate shoold be considered a "The of comminglingeverydialect that prevails insraAJtunable tolarge passenger list to Lrvaaarea, Caocaaw*we have ships andDiLL and BoKXB fiesh in the general recollec- upon ao remaifcable a record of leavingtion,attempts to impede the performance of it by" thepit4^iing into England" are so much gratu-cerned,give them no trouble when they " turn up in had ao many Preddents now, that ho needs toitous self-degradation.Mr. Sewabd put the when he informed theStoreswereattractmgmoreattention. Horeally being importantchangesoccarredinotherbranches<n mustdoitourselves,forourownreasons, officesasintheArchbishop'scoat-pocket,or thecrowd.Hehasmadehismark.AslongHr. Coixavxb, of Termont, ered, it must we think, be conceded that the plainly intimates that he is one of "others"as weB as by two or three Southern Senators, sbei^erd of sonlshas outdone the inventor ef who would be found ready, on receipt ofwlio oonenrred, nevertheleas, in denooncing patent pavement-lights, and tiiat in respect both a becoming salary, to record the conju- and ardent He hisclearlystatedbypassedAbout six weekspolitical prototype.of hisAfrica, sent a circular to all the clergy of the City, re-tohisownwhoAmerican flag, or fiiat a large portion of thecargoes are brought to market over our own course the circular was sent towaters, and imder the noses of our cruisers. HcoHzs, in common with his clerical bretiuen Nor is there any dispute as to the weight of of all denominations. In the dull eye of theJana,nieUlize waa at oneeperformthemarriageof hisrevile, and scorn, and reject him.adopltdasaagothe in City Inspector,precatory circulars.the service of"tiie great Demooatic Party,"To every iimovation in &e werid** at-ordinary them of the statute whichorthoseof fain,toeregnUrhis friends. The result has been that the Dem- indebted for a reinforceiaeot of watda. Wkmfairly thrown into thepass them all in everythiog which consti- ernment may assign lands, to be appraised by a around for two or three days. Wheo tka fairi-priesttoremedybetray these or similar weak-aspectdanger,HioBOKLAKnii>—AoAkoo(umrxso—penitence,"Archbishoprespect,aning greatdays.see inflicted, and we trust they wiU not fail to into (tfSoe, cotpmonja^lnce aeems to dictatedoso. TheArchbishopexpedaitandthe theproprietyofk^fB^hlmtkeie.nowtattej efL._"IftheStateappointedaidaryforclergymentoper ditionalhowever, created ad- the perpetuation of hishave a toright inquiremaaaer, time, drcom-longas theemotion.persuadedtotake tfaeir matn-Arch-enforcement of the State law win with so mnch care and accuracy. We have atyfidi*'saek,''to8ayno(Ung oTibaektraordinaiy merit or Uve in extraor- their marrisges may be, of course some record dinary times who wishes to be distinguished1Cofiee,Hdasaea,Fish,Hettla,OiKdeeda.Hemp, ofrelyingonEn^andforassistknceinadmin- oftheircelebrationmustbekeptsomewhere, andfromthecommonherd. Mr.Bdchahav, Japan,theftahionawillbeletalone. Paris^ijlPBUUunKair- BiMces, and WUskr ware lightly dedt in. Navd istering the police of our own commerce. We and it really will be quite as safe in the public however, need have no fear of hist in fearnoiivdinJeddo."""— ComideiaMeexcitementImabeatin a drawer of fhe archiepiscopal desk. as the Covode report remains exthnt the pub-The Archbishop hints at a compromise, in lic will remain familiar with his and tbe Fnneh Ambeaaadat at Beriln hid, «We have no doubt of his routine of duties, ^"Grace's" sincerity, but as the number of—our clergymen is considerable, and as tus all Giace is the only one who has thus far insistedregardocratic has fallen to Partyfeelingsfragmento Tbe moralanny.*'gi|Tb riipiimirMisas well as "the best interests of society," by prolonging the Archbishop's marfyrdom, and passing to the credit of the State the fijies col- lected from his conscientious offences against;follow your leader;faithftilly;proposed to print 60,000 copies for the edifica- country large,give AftnfldadvanceofQ*«ib*i.t>itocom-whileonrCtoyemmentiscompelled,atveryuponwhomthesightofMr.Delavan'shisAdministration.K work,andsofarastoeresultaimedatiscon- directing eightregiiumla<Fim•'tkiflkliHt' Thar lender itill more certain the they greatly so, however, the Archbishop himself, as a most valuable addition to the annals of peror persistsintoeprosecutionof thisgreatofhistimewhichall future chroniclers Thewisdomoftoemeasure, would bitterly lament. It is tme that pre-harmonywith,them pretexts for neglecting our plain and ob- up the usual monthly record of marriages per- vious to the at which this remarkable franchisement of the age, are nniversaBy would. The foet that Oa>ibaij>imultiply objections df this kind, and to inake snubbing his Secretary for neglecting to make toryjBut serious differences of opinion and of in- Butactiveandusefulasthatportionofhis teresthaveariseninregardtotoemodebyitqnentiylooks back withpardonable pride.moianwlMika.'VB prevailed concerning the intantom of Aoatiia t*resource, in audacity, and we regret to add, in misfortune, can for a moment be comparedto the thrilling occurrences which crowd everyline of Mr. Covoox's most wondrous tale. The enough,untrue, and that Auatria baa reeolved, oatka <of wondrous successes,They toeir muskets wito chargeandwith misfortune, can ever peruse them without TheyNobodysympathizes We do not deny the fascination theywill have for all that ofthehumanrace,amongstwhomthe art ofreading is at all cultivated.But we feel confident that we do not layourselves open to the charge of exaggerationwhenwe thatthelaborsofJauesBuchanan sayin behalf of the Lecompton Constitutionas recorded by the Covode Committee, far sur-the bloodiest andUnder these circumstances the constant disposed to obey the laws of the State in which credit if not 'with honor; bnt to come down out maps end books for information of toe re- Havana at 1 P. M. on the IStb, Ibr New-Yoikiand herIs kept up in the Senate when the Slave-tradefromthat on the 8th of March he joined the handsmony.example, is under discussion, is not only veryofPresidencyU the cniel, inhuman and inexpedient Our relisinn as we havepassage ef tbe Lecompton bill, mast make tice them into swindling dens, where bogus topay the Marshals by the day; the oresml ene "into the streets. Thanks to the as to their respective districts. Some of the efficient Commis- poaalbleand our evening by morals of the'-I^Bepublican Union Club, at their community, and for the interests Iffound in vampires from the building, and the localities with which tbey supposed they were pre-—-j^^fclWdway, which was addressed of free whiteInspector imperative cletian, and a cohortaat the head of affairs would be in-cludeunwary put thehr guard against them. Thelabor, make itof Nnmidian horse werewe all foresee, t'j.e presenceof soreadygen-can eigners,whoarethrownSpain,orEnglandthinkabout and "««*lertowrite*» from house tohoaie ,•'W WKsohim,thereturn allor fed to fishes in the ment to such good account for the ac- wish tosilly, thatin a bookof John Stubbs and Mary Snooks in holy matri- old and intimate friends to plunder the Treasury, similar intelligenceUve,the Chair of theStates at the age ofseventy,and propose to one'ssell out the Government contracts, and corruptandbernian " tug of war," for toe posseadon of dis-whilePrince db JanrnUiBvidted the " Tbe Britldi auubuat Jatptr was to leave on a enilie Brooklyn ITavv- excuse which they discover in her inconsis- stird," so the Archbishop of New-Tork in- something which needs more than brute cour- brown studies of the unities of the drama," or in shorUy. Tba UnUad State* steaaar Crtaader was'J^ASSSLittT'^^i"''"'"'* ''*='' fromwith a very important Messrs. Collauk and IIasoh wish to accord claim as a merit of the true believer to say, the Legislature by vrholesale in order to force'-But as St ArouBTiHE laid long agoToung "GreekmetGreek,"joinedin Hi-Aembryoto England is moral superiority, and yet every I believe this doctrine because it is ab- a fraud down the throats of a whole people, is GoETHls sat in pendve silence, apparently in cruiser.^tf-^AJdermen "pnted crusts,Soto, cargo eaptaiedby Bf:#Hd on Handay. ThA viait waa a strictly private tencies for our own sists the more •B^lds eaachman ImIiicIiIb only attendant. After shortcomings is a tacit uponthe of the solemnitystiUcruldngtofteaaatwaid. AUwaU.IMvaraibuetanaahloafttWtlhbatafibtmovaaants. eonnt^i_r Bavaaa aad toe anrrooidiagkeep ten vessels onso won- Like Hyatt,thanshoes muchErin, with a commendable thirst asked when the train would leave or Kansas.what we were and areIn the General Sessions yesterday, Becoider f^^Tfll'"':'.'" '^y^"^ and ataU ha*. legal persecutors. He continueswith hisMr. BocBANAw's fertilityresouice,assetSOLSB, was called out andS^oiAu presiding, Hoan Botlas and his wife^f»TMi^S°f^°"'""Sgavehim a salute.Tm HlXT CHratrs.—The new plan of paying the Halted Stataa Census Manhals *ipeei£«d*Baengagement the coast is not anobligarTankee of expansiveaessand wore while sons ofmindhe makes it an issue ef life and deathof suchasapparel, proportion—are so byher. Itisanagreement drousandsoincomprehensible.:I am not prepared to obay a requisIUonWecourage. of the hung a heard of" or a lamprtptrtd for a prism, forof theMm to despise and spit moral heroism which conquers the nerves, Women, with a profusion of braided hair which abut which would ofmyconiclenceInacoun-or histhink the variety and ingenionsness of the de- " runners," like hyenas around a tomb, waiting toviolatethetry like this, in which It is lald that civil and religious vices toooaiplatefar at least on its way to seize the prelate, consequence to us, so far as our the Fifth-avenue to Washington-square,itimpaled, it, do about pond, his Grace"alsocouldnottakeonaloftier complishment of a single object We whoImveatasteforspeculationsontheobligationswhich heto resorted, bringabout theof every clUzen." This is Hyatt's ground preciselyandflag and territory are concerned. It fastened to the tails of their barbs, down valuable. It is not everybody whodepftt is indeed a to for- great blessingviously familiar,were few persons residtog. If the census Is faWy taken. It wUl surprise even New-Yorkers with theWe rejoice in his s^nfly heroisimof poBSMsing a code of moraU ud a poUticjU we rejoice even^more ferreutfy to think th»t wiUib9»bl6to make (be Custtna Boue, tl» every race.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069arrived, we hope, at the dignity •strain.;are not likely.anample studio, replete wito humsn otodelsof thantoeoUoctinformation'WUntitled DocumentIt isthethat after "toe transcendental." profound aspirationscouragekeeps the eye steady, the lip firm, and the browwill her citizens showeron the grave of the indomitable old man who published in tbe Beriiaito adoption 'with such unshakeninto theZtUm^, London Timet aa weKaasad l~tinentd Thereisoneaspectinwhichwecommend knowledgeoftb*FrenchOoverameatwasMtex-do all you can to avoid being left ont in the cold,"and toe chances Ware that your companions inand toere is aall quarters to promote ito success.desire indiscussion of toea committee ofarms will finallytion, in handing do^wn toe record of your vari- ous rascalities to toe next generation.will be styledand mock anctloneerawatches. Ifweconld IdaeaIIwithout being called upon to give toeir lands in addition.toat he did nothing but coonsd ICsays Cavontall toe serfsTo those of them who, at the end of theand men. 2!£nophon and Napo- CommissioD, and paid for by toe Government prehend that simply tying a chicken to the ttaAhowever, that toeof rapidityCan an instance be cited inofficid in this—Weare toleamtoat gladThe few pastproject 'with as muchemancipa- as iswhich any railwaybe toomonei^ha. treaty.baK of AeimusuaUy pro-arid waste at toe foot of this island, styled the gerous ailment. Since Saturday, however, itashowingmuch more sugges- considered out ofday with Bbine withdrew to retired comers to study I3tb,at8A.H.,arriving early on tba momlsg of the MthSohligxls andand one had been a aattoinsure morepounce on the unsophisticated strangera, and en- were given under the last rtgimi. The plaatheseunexpectedly large number of families(heoxnetoeyvrrtje tb* »WBtheplained. Tbe Paris Preue aaidpoasiblethat sncb a letter, if written, shoold be"politicians." began public made the baaia of any diplomatic actim—and ithis example to the attention of allyoungit waa qaHaha- Pmaaian MonUatr pntaaaCMthe used all the power and influence which it gave him forwabjtet by atoty to be withmt tiwWhile in thatthe whole foundation.toe formation offrmtry to take rank after toe 53d•:— ^itsthatthe Christian spirit and popular en. arrangement, hot that Loins NatolxohaaysEnglandtrary,to leave the to Singhis own iiiwiifrom thevery Sicily to toe mainland. It also deniaa toe lomarofconsequences may have been tforneglectThe French sloop-or-warnaitoad la Ha-"^«*?-'Offieeta will be 1_will aell tokayaiaitaada^woold not tsi objectstyle of suicide.brandy, place the muzzle to their mouths and Sn. The consequence is a coniudon of brain whichproduced by toe more common way ofhas evernomatter how aeiiiMiaand hadafine run over to Haviward a few days prevtoas to toe entval af the JO*< LL'^^'^-'•'-^-^--^^-- -A^O--t-a-Agg»."^www.fultonhistory.com 