'KZP0BT8 or TRK OaTOOI OOMIHTTB.Mr. TBAiir,'ol Mas8a£buutts,(Rep.,) made a report from tbe Covode Coamittee, signed by Messrs. Co- von, Oua, aad Tbaib. It sets out by speakiag o' the embairassmants which attended their labors, and^'moat be atamped with tbe Oompaay 'a marks Ixfore they aresold,ortheywillbetreatedasinlrlngeiaents and ttieOompasywillproaecuteatonceanypersonproved selUng aay of sneh goads without dae license.Hon Paik-Bow, aad No. 23 Oortlandt-st. Wh. B. BxBBBn.Seo'y.Naw-Toik, Jane >, USO.TO THX ffTBUC.The new CompuT known as Ihe " Oeedyear Klastle"FabricsCempahy havepurchasedfrommemytketoryWkite> tke Hatter, Aheaid^—New shapes in fine StrawHats; 10,000diuofromanotlon; 11each.No. 216 Broadway, OppoiltwSt, Paul'sChapeLIiadlea* Draaa OlmWi- Vrtr and Beaatlfal styles at LOCKITT. »iN k CO.'S,No. »1 Foltan-at,. Brooklyn. Trimmings made to match.01b«kBSk>a Win aad Taapeea axe Bapeitor toallothers—perfeetlafit,Bators]inappearaacs Ike lUnsive Wig, an entire norelty, is peribetton ; partian unstalnable. TK Broadway, next to A. T, Stewart k 0*.•'Tke Blaame Beaver G«BtIeBca>a Dreaa Hat, the leading style for Summer, introdaoed byOENIN, Ho. 513 Broadway.MARRIED. Ltbch—WiiSH.-In this City, on Saturday, June 16,at St. Joseph's Church, by Rev. Thos. Farrell,'pastar, Jahis LiBcB to ASBIS, daughter of John B. WaUb,City.WXBSTEa—BtiBCHAXB.-In Lowell. ICais., on Thurs-day, June M, by Key. Dr. Blanchard. h<s dan^hter. Hiss BanNAH BLABOBASn, tO HOSACX WXBSTXS, Esq_oi Portsmouth, N. a.DIED.TBADB8.FBOPI.B.-aB•'TSo^"®****PROM WASHINGTON. Tkt Captored AMcais awl tbe BritiskTBS PBDITIN&OrFIGE BILL PASSED.B«por( •€ ike C*vo4e Ma*oa, Pearre, dlsuaeai, Samntr.Tea Xyca, noagmm^^Amaaeaeata.tWmM VAMCT WAIB aiANIA, IS THB HisiS^ii OFlEilSsTallL(Uneral, on Taesday, at 1 o'clock, HoUT.—In this City.oa Saturday evening, June IS,Hotel.c«nuntttee.styles , ableb beiog masshctued with craat taals, VUIflMBTLKDkAB.u •>eM[^i»<apFrom Ike•Tm»jl,r.seconiit iMubmAtkaunm.—from (Ae-MBdan Leantr emd Sattmaw AnelnA Br. Olipoant's deKrIpttonsof what he saw atli^^teS «££]Wamunmi, Soadar,taeffeetual effort was made to table the aabjecLDBATH.BBD-SIE-OTth* nodlfioatiana of the Chadeeton plat-- fern, whleh they claim as immaterlkl, al-th—Ih aatisftetoiT to a portion of the South. They laa tadleate a disposition to aettls tbe question re- Jstln to oeatestiag tbe delegations from tbe South- «(m States which seceded at Cbarleston, by ad- ttUnf half and half In each. The Anti-Douglas nan, aa the other hand, say ttiey will hare him beat-sununons, might refuse to testify before the Commit- tee, who quote precedents to sbow that they havefelt at liberty to Investigate the conduct of the P.'es- icent or any other officer of the GovemmenL In re-sold or authorised by me. Xnr-Toax, Jane a. I8M.HORACE H. DAT.data the wlthdiawal bom Douslm of con- sMsislilii of the support which he had at Cbaiieston, elftctad by an anangement to vBlte the entire South «n some one ol the;Slave State by means of forgeries, frand and force third, the removal of, and attempt to disgrace, tbe sworn agents ot the Administration who refused to violate their pledgesNiw-yoES,Jnne9,18«o. WILLIAM^_^^_^_^ *'«• Fireworks.—Persons intending either private oipnblie displays on the coming anniversary, should re- member tbat the construction of the new law psrmits BO PUSOB to keep Colored Fireworks on their premises.HaTihye Lfernineondns, Iantdheac9totuhilynetaarnoefesheorfatcbe. are family re-sMotniu Invited to attend the toneral, from the resi-dsnee ofher brother-in-law, No, 616 Oraad-st., oncoatemplatas Juniioa Datu, or some similarly re- UaUe Bovthtra mas, as casidate for Tlc«-Freftdentsixth, theDavid eldest son of WnuAH,The ealalation of tlte South is, that if.'jotity for such a programme, the Douglas men, to beoaaatiteat, will be compelled to come to its aid, and sake the two-thirds required. They argue that, with I a tlaket as Sandub and Datu for instance, IfThe friends and relaaves o( ue (amlly ar« Invited to attend his foneral. withont furtber notice, from bis lategivetestimoBy of Fosbbt is not to be drerlooked ta this;because,if bisduced to an affiliation with the Admialstratloa In ItsmaasdhetaredatJAMBB L. JACKSON k BBQTHXB'S Iron WoAi, Mth-at.N-ay. aad aMh-ft., Mew-Torfc.JUteMfKa liaw Wstar Detaetoi.BoseniB.—In this City, on Thursday, June 14, after athey geta ma-especiallythan a man'sKansas policy. Tbe Committee refer to the fact that twenty-fourmembersofthe Houseopposedtheas theoffered the printing condition tiiat he should, by an editorial no longerBaiBtaADX.-In Brooklyn, on Sunday morning, JaneJahis Liwis. child of Edwin L.II, only Brinsmade,deoeased, and EliiaJ., his wife, in the 9th year of his age.nKIeplttaimti, luttwaa eppeeed to*otfcofprnininmi.Heoeuldneteaoeeiveofgreater•l<yltkaBa these AMeaDS back to AfMrica. ><2 leadtac.fU. nwaix, or Kentucky, ( Dem.,) moved to Mcc Iha vMe br which tae TaiUTblll was posi toDeeeabrr.Mr Gwia'B amendment was disureed to. Taaa—Meisra. Bragg, Brown, Fitipatnek, eiFUpAcarlemynfMusicIsexpectedtoopeaItseyes iae convulsive looc at t!ie Jaouieie to-inorrov, a tnut tbat Sncas-BtiEiK will ecjiy the strainsSawiBMrSryles.We have no* on hand animmeaae variety St all th*TBrTBAKOSkl^—a Masoeable e»ay, in this > DOEK. Beady tt>-*ay at U o'clockm"" Qwln,Haaaord,Ivenos.JuhosoBoffeoneuee.1 peoD"'esay,"j"ustse,"GROS DS LaINE 80IT8,Latbaai, Matlerr. Folk. PeireU, Pngb. Saolibory,,baaUan.SUseU.ToeabsaadWigf<)l-i'' ^, 1>ATB-Iletsrs. Bigler. Oaoeroa, Cbudler,which the Eavels are led to be in neiotiaiion,) Mrs. Jdua Dsas HatssSUITS,;ka, lUnstratioas 8vo.Moalla,$in:HairCalf(3T6Orifenien,Dlxoa,DooUttle l»ark.e,F«m«dten, Foster, Orlnxs. Bale. Baalln Bartan. BsmpMU. Kiag,ITrumbDiI. Wade aad WUsoa-M.On motion of Ur. Oaaaif the Senate adjoametMonday at II o'clock.Revmt.TMe «noc»»»ful of the Smbaaaadar UTHE «ai,000,000 LOAN.:linl UjnuuHit tf l«tk Htue* fixed Senate resolution to adjonm Monday week, wltb aa RUBBBB e(X>D8 of aU daaoriptions hefeta<bre ownedIsaba^rfr*^ BKftt the 3Stk iut.Denelas and Anti-DonglaB Ez- oitement.SpatialDispuehtotlwVaw-TorkTimei.June17. ntoadteinent heraTeUtire to the Baltimote -^omaatlOB bu been intesw duitog tlie lot twenty. §MrhMin. DonglMAmudAjxtt-Donslas;caurooes ifltteat nomber hare been held. Hie friends ftill pnfcia their entire confidence In Ui nomination, bnt; ^^tUagLBOOBRaaeodment substituting Wednesday next.Tbe confusioB was exceisive.Mr. Fasssvobth, of lUinois, (Rep.) said if the mem-TTmnaasee.t.SarpaBoprtelrs, Shoulder Bnuea, idagas, &llk SasIS«t at Aacttaa.— Side, Spring' ^^^'AnTbe Senate resolution was adopted, 12> against S8.US?Sb'4ffi:^.Itli erideat tkntthoy feu he has lott gronnd since stating that the Fieeident saw fit to sand in a solemn in New-Branswlek, my ninttaaa patents, and all nj-*o corrksponokntV, _FS?iB?HB«8Si.?^PJO5BT.Rfl?, CDBSCNT ITEaS, WIT ANDCUBA IN THE STSREOSOOPE.-,SUITS, LtSTEE8CIT8,ktht Neanlftnn gtmcg,' Jtlmi><q?,' Imte 18, imol mt2iSi*i"^«*«** Hetrasladlhatatttepiaf*;tU« Ike iMtteaB OcrriBmeat would awosaie *a«, ^^Die theatrical season is perishing by spasms.WEW oLiPBAwnTIpuir~LORD BLonrs BISSIOBTO'«n}Ita beart oQl^ la"Camilla"MlisSDJT8. te., *e.. every variety8fce ALKLKDBEK.HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. ^^^AtsisoTeff,Saturday,JuneI '"IM'»oHeoleslJsrJfiruebygllreTke.ia^%*«£e3SmUtB[.AlOBTLIN. iUDflON k 00.Mr. Shzkhak, of Ohio, (Bep.,) reported back tka «M raBBIoS OOMPAKT have pni ikail* all the fftMs br tbe anefactare and sale ot ELASnO ItOtAIsa^Me^ diaawaitefiaa* a» Bnadway.otmxrr Dil ke th* ie>t of the warid tli^^Kbers of the Bammore Conreittoii srere to controlhere,hewouldmovethattheDoorkeeperletthem makearrangementsnponfavorabletermswithM«rFOR-JL^Stl' • -.•.•.a.mj.^iam-^ MONl-ODB, see tbe LBDttEB.'#vWsaUaB given by all prevloas wrltera, fnaall In.Mr. Basxsdau, of MlsslsalppI, (Dem said these>-£ee daaariptlve adverilse-LEOS^L TH .ATI.ANTIC CABA"i"E'—^I"B IT PRACn-Seethe LlUGkR.te Oe^lowaiiaa,to aanu- gentlemen were not creatine tbe disturbance. The (Aetare which is veated In the NaahawanQuok Mfg Co.,)o'clock, on the premiaea, meat in aaotber column.B caPublishedbyBaBPERk BBOTHBImembers of both sides of tbeHonse were doing it. TheMeidmentwasdisagreedto,MagainstM., t>Ie!protest in the way of a proclamation to the world, that titles nndei Qoodycar's Patents, with all eUlasfor past. thewholepoweroftheExecutive,Insteadofbeing iBtriaawneals; andbyarsaniteiiientssettledandre*the Charleston djoonuDent. Ten diyg ago theywedefiant,decladnctbelrpoipoaetonoinlnateUm br a BigoTltT Tote If tbey could not by two-thiidf. Thie tone i« now abandoned, and it Is nnder- wbo might cboose to disobey the summons of the and are exempt from sneh transfer, and no claim can atood that they are ready to concede some of Speaker of the House, or wbo, having obeyed tbe be made, or question raised, touching aay saoh hithertobills through CongressNortbntn men named,, tt New-Yotk, is prominent This programme pose, and the proof on which they were paid No exeeptios has been made, and even Esei's worksamongwhom Mr. Sit.invited to attend thefrom her late residence. No. 166 Greenwicb-st.Three doors below ths St, NiehoUiThefriendsofthe(kaiilyareInvitedteattendthefu- neral services, at tbe house of his uncle. Jamas B. Brins- would faO upon ttie Sontbem man.wbe is pot on and enough were found to carry the bill through The only nllable laveatioa la the world that Is InttX- made, No. IS West Baltie-at.. Brooklyn, this (Monday) evenliiB, at 8 o'clock. Tbe remains will be taken to'will slaughter the Utilelo- night, are not deceptive.should well consider before tract system.theyreturned to the con-DELAWARE.KENTDCEY AND MISSOURI STATE LOTTERIES,fiiUngPresidencyKansas policy. Thlsnnmberdwlndleddowntotwelve,tbe House. Committee>ay it bad always been -tbeji own fieket for Tlce-Presldent, and who sup- wU] posedtbewarinUtahwasgottenupfortbepurposelible for this purpose.Hempatead for interment on Tuesday morning.Isaacs.-In Brooklyn, on Saturday momlog, June 16,at bis Dr. Cbarus B. late Professor residence, Isaaob,in the New Tork lledical College.Bis medical brethren and friends are re- respectfallyto noniaatad expressly with the view to that contin- aney. It Is to this end that the eHbrt is malting to»"»*»«*«Datis for Vice President, so that in the eventofatriangularfight,the Democracyshall not tw confined to a choice between Liacou and Doug. j.A8,bm may take their choice of Docolas in the House, or Davis in the Senate. You will see that'the Soulhem men argue their position to be that ofof fastening Slavery on Kansas, tbe ^oops being di-vertedtooperationsinKansas. Tlienextamined involved tbe abuses in the Philadelphia Cus-ST*w*r & Baker'a Malaeleaa FAMILY SSWOra MAOHINES,TBE BEST IN DSE.No. 4W Broadway, New-Tork. No. US Folton-st., Brooklyn.eearce B. 8Ieat db Co.'aCELEBRATED ELLIPTIC LOCK-STICH AND SHUT-TLE SBWINO MACHLNE.G. H. COLLINS, No. 480 Broadway,'WUaky.-S. T. SUIT's'kKNTUCKT SALT RIVEBbeads I win, tails yon lose," thus, believing theygiant,if the Indications hereand The BOCBBON.SoldbyaUdruggists. unnecessary expenditures.—Onof Ward B. and Eliza M, Cbamoerlln, aged 2 years andto tbe importatlm of diseased cattle into any of the States.Mr. Smfxis, of Massachusetts, (Rep.,) moved totake up the Bouse bill to raise the Mission to Sar- elections. In view of all tbe ficts and circumstancesdinia. It was taken up aad passed.The House resolution In regard to the public print-ing was taken up.Mr. Davis, of Mississippi, (Dem.,) offereJ anamendment of the minority report, which provides that the printing be done by contraet, and also lim. its the amount of printing to be done. He was in favor of the contract system under proper regula-tions.Mr. FiTCB, of Indiana, (Dem.,) tbonght the SenateFlandbead,—In Mount Vernon, on Sunday, June IT, Wasuington. D.C , May 29, 1860. a BxNEiETTA youngest daughter of Elder James and Ra-Mr. TaoHBS, of Georgia, (Dem.,) said the contractsystem was a success. The work was well done,anddoneforhalfthemoney; anditwasonlybrokendown for purposes, because no could be party moneyBude out of it for a party broken down by politicians. KMr. Caiusob, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) had no<loubt, as a practical printer and man of business, that the contract system could be carried on at half the expense.AUTHORIZED BY THE LEGISLATURE.Tbe undersigned Commissioners, appointed by the Gcvemor of tbe State of Delaware to aaperintend the drawing of the Lelaware State Lottery, do certify thatthe following are the numbers drawn this day DEl^WARE LOITEBIES.Extra ClM», No. 2rr, June 16. 1860.30, 5«, 21, 9, 1, 62, 26, 49, 15, 34, 31, 10, 7.Class No. 388, June 16, 1860.75, 41, 39, 10, 1, 45, 61, 71, 24, 67, 64, 30, 42.Witness OUT hands, at Wilmington, DeL, June 16, 1860. GEO. 0. GOBDON,JOSEPH SEAL,JAMES DUNCAN. Circulars,containingschemesfiir tbemonth,willbeThe House, then, at 4 P. M., took a recess till 7 Mr.Pvsi,ofOhio,(Dem.,)wasalsoInfavorof o'clock.printing try contract. A Government printingoffice wouU become such a nuisance that the onl}' way to 4;et rid of it would be to bum It down.^The subject wss furtber discussed by Messrs. Bat- Aas, of Delaware, (Dem.,) Davis, of Mississippi,(Dem.,) and others.Mr. Otaa, of Missouri, (Dem.,) said thitthe con-Inct systam and the present mode of printing bail both signally failed, and the best way was to try some- thing else.Mr. Fnoa replied to the Senator from Mississippi,ITXillKG SESSION.The House reassembled at 7 P. M.Tbe Senate's amendment was adopted, providing tbat all extra documents ordered by tae liouse, not already executed, ahaU be printed by tbe House printer, but nothing shall t>e allowed for composition wbea the same document has been first ordered to be printed by tbe Senate.Mr. Sii»i!a:<. of Ohio, (Rep.,) said this was to facil- itate the printing of the 3UU,U0U copies of tbe Agricul- tural Report ordered by the House.Mr. PiixLPS, of Missouri, (Dem.,) and Mr. PxuBis- TOB,of Ohio, (Rep.,) severally said that the Senatemailed tree of charge, by sending toWood, eddy a oo„WUffllngtoo, Del., or St. Louis, Ko.jReacbes, Ants. Garden Insecta, Ac, withont Poison. LYON'S MAGNETIC PILLS,Exterminate Mice and all| Vermin. Bnlldlngt Rats,gbipa, fee, cleared by contract. BARNES k PARR, Na, 13 Park-row, and No. 414 Broadway, and sold by aDed to his contract system as one tinder which much trouble and corruption would exist.After further discussion the amendment was disa-it was agreed to—Yeas, 30Tbe Naval Appropriation BlU was cossidereJ, andthe magnitude.Mr. SoERMAN replied that they had now reached theCall and purchase. ThenSo see tbeaad objectunder the law, was entitled to tbe job,Mr. SlArxAKD, of Tennessee, (.4.aier.,) remarked tbat it was nothing more tiian to give printing plun-"greed to—Taas, 18 ;The question wsathen taken on Mr. Gcxin's bill,Nays, 29.providing for a Government Printing-office, &c.. andand tbe former would have damages against the Government.elalms forjustandGrocers. Bewareofimitations.Mr. Haumk), of South Carolina, (Dem.,) said,after the passage of a bill topaya8ociety$ll)0eachtotake care of tbeAftlcanaforayeu-, he wascarefulhonbe voted on qaestlou of this kind. No man was House not Being full—to act on a measure of thisWarerooms,No, 606 Broadway.J. B. BDBDSALL'8ARNICA LINIMBNTIs prepared by combiningARNICA FL.OWBB8and vegetable oil, penetratingmore anxious to Slave suppress the' '"* Mr.avia,o<California,(Dem.,)offered,asas^ib- loanIsarevenueblU.«Aet K> Increase tha trade.Mr. Gaow, of Pennsylvania, (Rep.,) argued tbat a .. .^ . .1.a policeMr.iiTETiss, of niinolE, (Rep.,) rem-irked that ifGmtUvtm:Afterrepeated;Batekalay'a Hair Dye, :Wtca aad Toapeas.— and If tbe British Govern- lug lor ri venue. They were backed by the President This celebrated eatablianment is removed to No. Itthe (.ovemmuni needsIt nad no right to into fere with the slave trade be- honest ineans. Let the Senate send them a TariB bill,xt^ttopntfarce upon the ooastof Africa.money ihey iuu« raise It bytween Africa and Brazil or Cuba, but only to preveni linless they do so, he would never vote for a loan. the Importation to our own vnores. We mlgot well Mr. Ceawfouij. c: Georgia, (Dem.,) argued acalnstgaperlar Dreaa KanulsutaredbyS.ka used by every family. Youra loapeetfully, SHRBVE, BROWN k CO.,(LaU Jones. Ball k Co.) HannfaeturedonlybytbeBostobIbdexicai,SoarOe.«all on tile British Government to pellingaaysuchaction.endatreatv com- any change m the tariff. ^.Mr. Shxfslan-The Secretary of the Treasury'sthe African Slave-trade was presentlgg iuelf in arewl)gbt. Hecouldnotaccounttor the increasingacuvit>IntheSlave-trade. Legislationmi«htpossi-bly act to increase tbe tra'ie, ana he thought we the Comuattie lose and the HouseNo. lU Franklln-st. Jeddo nm, ofWavea Straw, Car Youbb Men Sold also by every dmgilst In the City at retail.tom-house and othertbe Cemmlttee say there were improper combinations among Federal officers with the view to counteract the sentiments and prejudices of the people in their mary political movements. Seondly, the Improper and corrupt use of tbe public money in the employ- ment of peisons in tbe public service in violation of the laws and government regulations, and the frauds on the part of officers of tbe Government to defeat the statutes of the L'nited States for the purpose of pro- tecting the public treasuir from unjust claims andvote on at 1 o'clock. Monday,public offices, in regard to which pri-improvidentwitnesses are Johh H. BavAnt, Fsabcis and Sauuxl B. Gsici, FsAsns Macormicx, Joh» A. Schsll, Aitdbzw Bbchaxis, Gxoagi DowaiT, Patbicx LAPFurr, Jobs DcBM and others. The committee s»v Collector Baxib is subject to the highest censure. For want of time they were unable lo procure an investigation intoCBAHBxaui*.r*riday.June16,Lirzis child onlyHEOEllAN h CO., Nes. 161, ass, fill and 7S6 Broadway, New-Tork.A^afe Investment fbr the Japanese.—While tbe Japanese Ambassadors are i? this City, they should he permitted to examine the fateEt Chimpion Safesresolution to establish Quarantine laws in relation most efficient operator, Wehdeli. The comnultee feel an an.xiecy to visit the establishment from whicQSENATE.WAsBUfaroa, Saturday, Jane ir.A number of private bills were passed.Mr. Hals, of New- Hampshire. (Rep..) iiitrocucec a the ni:inagement of the Post OHice. Tney examined manufactured by HKitKI2<l G & CO. It will be remem-bill to prevent the unlawful detention of mail matter, TiDosi was wronged in tha matter, and theMr. WiuoH, of MassachuEetts, (Rep.,) intrcdaced a retained in the hai.ds of the President's friend andThe relatives and friends of the family are respectfullythe subject otthe execstive binding, saving Mr. Per-bered that, during a great fire at Ilagasa'ici, in Januarylast, the paters of ine American Consul were savedfiom the flames by one 01' these safes, much to the aa-toDishment of the Datives Oar quests will naturally rents. Caatleton. S. I., this (Monday) afternoon, at 2mltiee also allude to the employment of men to carryaafes may be of interest :this investigation, from IIB to the inceptionMesses. Hebrihg & Co,—OenttemeTi:On the 19tBchel Flandreaa. aged 37 years, 2 months and 21 days. The funeral wUl take place, at her father's residence,JuneWiLBOR.—At Nice. France, (late Sardinia.) on Thurs-attenOlo^present time, tnere seems a marked propriety In clos- ing tbe rjpoit with a quotntion from a speech of Jlr. BccHANAN In condemnation of corruptions,inst.. our planing mill was totally destroyed fire. bySenate had added millions in amendments to eightoneofthe appropriauon bills, and had provided no means lor tbe payment of the same. The proposi- tion now before them was an answer to that com- plaint. They were not now prepared, however—thebutlaws of Uberla all such Africans are apprenticed to real dlfiiduUv of the session. They should stand Ladiea, try it. Far sale ty all druzglsU and perfumers.trade,bypointex-patronageinvited to attead bisfuaeral,at the residence of hiseventaally TbeHousethenwentIntoCommitteeoftheWhole curedbyaprescriptionfurniohedhimbyayoungclair-on tbe State of tbe Union.Mr. LocBis, of Pennsylvania,made avoyant girl. This prescription, given htm by a mere child, wnile in a state of trance, nas cured everybody who has taken it, never having failed once. It is equal-lygredients are to be found in any drug store. 1 will sendthisvaluableprescriptiontoanyperson,ontbere- ceipt of one stamp to pay postage address,Dr. O PHBLPS BROWN, No. U Grand-st., Jersey City, N. J.Faale^^iayTHE PERFUME OF JAPAN,An Extract for tbe Handkerchief. Prepared only by FHALON k SON. ^ew York. For sale by all Druggists.(Rep.,) speech against tbe President's protest.sure in cases of Fits as of All of the in- Dyspepsia.prinler,Japanese Embassy."I r may aae ahaald ask aa whatder Delonging to the Senate printer to the House arrived at by an impartial test, was the best and mostforthe baIr,andrestoriBggray hair to its origiiiai color,aad the looks to the bald-headed, we should, without hesitation say Prof. O. J. Wood's Hair iteitoraJiriuvre-. Sea advertlaemeat in another eolamn.—LvuiimllenaL Sold by all Druggists, Oepit No. 444 BroadwayA Special IMeetiBg of the New-Tork Fnthe- loairal saclriy will be hud in tbe llayor's ufflce. 4hea^ropriatlonforthepurchaseofthreesteamers Mr.Miuson,ofVirginia,(Dem.,)remarkedthat CityH»U,B.ooaljn,onMONj.\Y.ito-day,)Jane16,ac 3 o'clock P. M., to take proper action in relation to tbe decease of C. E. Isaacs, M. D., and to attend bis funeral.By orler,GEORGE F. SHRADY, H. D., Secretary.Barry'a Trleapherena ia tbeBEST AND CESAPB9T ARTTOLSFor DKESSINf}, BEACTIFTINS, CLBASINO. O0BL- IKG, PRESERVIKG, AND RBSTOKlNtt THE HAIB.« large number of amendments added.Mr. Wluos offered an amendment, to use pan OfTbe Senate's amendment to the $21,000,000 Loan bill was read.to act in tha rapprenion of the Slave-trade oa the coast of AlUcs.W. Sbbbbas bad recently complained that theGRAND, SQUARE The beet manufiictaied.AND PICCOLO.;Mays, 14.It was said by several gentlemen that the Senate printer can print all the copies wanted In thirty days, and that he is only waiting for tbe order to print them, liaving the stereotype plates ready,FANS-PARIS FANS. NEW AND BEAUTIFUL STYLES, Juat received and 'or aale by610. C. ALLtlL-No. 416 Broadway, One door below Canal-at.STODART PIANOS.printer,honest compound remedypreservlngand beautifyingDruggiststhe highest bidder, and the consequence would be firm, and not allow the Senate paloably to violate Uie Fnreats, Teachers and Orhere should ae-that the Colonization Society would pocket the Consii'.utton. for all revenue measures must origin- cure for themselves and their children a careful PHKil-money, and the Africans be apprenticed nnder the ate In me Hoise. The proposition pending was a NOL' GICaL EXAillXATIO.N, by Prof. i'OWLEK, that flesh is heir to, it is without equal.revenue bill in the^nost offensive form. No. 306 Broadway, who would point out ail their pecu- Government of Liberia. Besides, if the Society did Mr. MiLiso.v said that such a proposition was never liar trsita of character and talent, and what calling in take care of negroes, be had experience enough to held to be a revenue measure. It did not, however, life would be beat for each, to insure virtue, health,BHECMATI3M, SPBaImS, BBUISES, Pains in tbe Side or Breast.Soar Throat. Ac, yield to a few applieatians. Forsalebyalldruggists. Price25cents.SOMETHING NBW Justout—Forservingstrawberriesandotherfruits,adish, with colored glaaa vase, beautiful ailver-pla;ea mirewhich makes the delicious fruit look ImmeBaely tempting Atretailandwholesale,byLUCIUSHABT, Nob. 4 and 6 Burling-slip.FHELAN'S mFBOTBD BtLLIARD TABUtBt AND COMBINATION CUSHIONS.FHELAN k COLLENDEB, „ ^ Sole Manatacturera. Noa. 63 to 6S Croaby-at., New-TortSOAP—A PKBFBCT PBEPABATIOK SIfIor<eTlaBaKolng Slver Plate, Jewelry, Mirrors, Haitla, kc, far more conv«nieBt and tfieciive than any other.know tbat $10 a year was amply sufficieai m supportone negro. He Uiought this plan would only hive theoriginate in the Senate, but in the House Itself.andhappiness and aucoeeawas by the Senate as an amendment. pioposedISTRAWBERRIBS IThe Stereoscopic Bmporlnai. E.ANTHONY,No.601Broadway,C*ara^ru«ssect Mr. EiHUinei, 01 Teimessee, (Am.,) said tbat tbe on receipt ot stamp. FEOTUGKAPiilC MaTEJUaLS:!atltnle, tbat the Piealdent De aathoiizsd uBriUih Govenmeat to enter into a convestiuu tomaka provislonj for tha return of each captured Afri-can, as loag as the eighth article of tiic Astibirtontreaty remains In forcement refuse to enter into such a convention, ihen the that a tariff was preferable to a loan. Bond-at. Twelve private rooms for 'he appUcatlon of Prastoent shall signify tbe wish of this Government Ml. Stamos, of Ohio, (Rep.,) hoped they would not bis Eatr Dye, tba beat extAnt. B ilTCHELOR'S Wicsto have that treaty abiogated. Be said the British ta»e Eucn a course on this amendment as ultimately and Toapeea nave improvenenta over all. Tbia ia the>tsk iheof the was asainst the present tn amateurs and tbe trade.judsmentluiiff bill.fore he -would ralae money by a lo»n without provld-peopleHe would «it here till Manday week be-VUTFS or UBISXBCSB ABD OCT-DOOB QSOCra lAUK.lu back down upon n loan. He was willing to fight It cnl^ place where these axe properly understood aad out to tne bluer end. Bad a. ^__^^^^__Dr. WnsoK said tbe slave trade was Increasiuz. Itwas a lact that vessels were fitted out at New-Vo:k, objection to the presen- t:iri!r bill, and there was no and lelt that port with the knowledge of the Unltea evWencc that the people have condemned it. In a fitates officers, who received money (or tbe same. He year -ir iwo it would yitld to the debts asthought it his duly to try to put a stop to it.Mr. Gasi.<< thought that the Government had noCoTeri.ment did not send back tbe Africans, but kept tbeui biid made them useful..Mr. MiiLTOs said thv. there was no well-founded Jeha B Daaham]enough paywell as support ih.: Guvermueiii in the meanwhile._______Wkeeler te, 'Wllsoa'a (Sewlaa macklaa.. _., _ trlala of your Silver Soap, we can recommend It as the bfst arCicU toe have ever seen for cleaning Plated and Silver Ware. It most soeaMr. Hi«PHiu,,ol Texas, (Dem.,) oppisedtheatnend- former esumates of the receipts for fiis year wore gBaraateed,at ^j^j^jj ADA3I8', No. 637 Broalway. nent of the Sesator from CaUfornla. He thought sixty millions ; now thev wet'.- forty-eight mlUiojisSold by HKOEMAN k CO., Broadway, and othen. BOVBBON WHISKY.thai* was no Information here that the bri'ish liov- emaent made sjaves of captured .\fricans.There will be fifteen millions deficit for the next lis-GlaaaShadesGlass ^ihades ! !pCBEMILLS' BOURBONU. MILLS' BOUBBONLA.cal year, accorriins to the Secetary, who has falK-u Mr.Faasaanaa.ofMaine,(Hep.,)saidItgentlemen wideofthemaikluhise^Umates.!GLASS SHADES, of ail siZes. for cavsring cleoks,flowersAc.kc.oorstantlyoohandandmadetoorder. Depot, Xo. 32 Plai;-st.wished to abror-'te this ticiiy with Great Bnuiiu .et Mr. PHX1.P8, of Missouri. < Ueoi.,) vindicated the es- tbem say so ; bat not try to dodge the question :n any timates of tbe Secretary of the Treaiury.way.Mr. Masoi, of Virginia, (Oem.,) said the question ofRecommended by every pbysleian throughout tbe country, on account of ita superior quality aa the beet remedial agent lor all Pulmonary Comnlalnts, Aathma, Bronchitia. &c.F. C. WELLS k COESOSKAN k COm No. 161 Broadway. BaRNESkFaRk,Nos,13and16Parkrow.Mr. MosTOOMXav, of Fennsvlvania,Wilder'a Fateac Salamander Safe.JOHN MILLS k COTTrroprietors, No. u Broadway.Thomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069ton Dem ut of 1840.Tbe i,T.at Hre and Burglar Vrnotalso talrbanks' Scales. ODIJK BROTHitKS,;{Anti;Lecomp- ,) offered an amendment to revive (be TariffSafe World of theThisamendmentwasruledoatoforder. TheloannmenJtneijtwasthendisagreedto,whenadjourned.entSontbemallbyitself,OUPBAB*, asq.. Privatees tA« acts of At the WinterPulla o Gaidrn,(forBla,.AND WiH»t BEV OK. CO.'K. raiMM OF BiV—An e xlraordinsiy "Latemcnt rhe former rrlands of kr Galcners are recanted to real this article >a this week'sLrDGER Beadyto-dayatHo'clock.Lord BIgIaSbrreaof the Black Sea "nuef b*r siiccefcs'iil seuon, and affer movingN*w-Yora to tfa'B of IvJghter in cofnedv, IsBaTMlwf) sniTg._.KBEiK* M,aeyond*ll excuraioB eucloaar Jsig'«oiigbUj(«8 aat Mr. ieasAa iupperi Iwr wllfe admirsMeTarHTINOardacompletestock inof Ties, Cravata.SniDBerUoder Wear Shirta to ,tcTB10BN— theatHo'clocktoday.ct)mp«rl»0Qtbemoat MyaoiUonyetmaoetoourknowlidgeefItSiMtmi mIIor claimed b>0HAS.eOODTEA«,HilKACC H. DaT or WILLIAM JUDSON, and thereby have eooeenttMed all tha titles under the eOODTEAR and other patents onder one control, and that they are now prepared toOura*.»H_J5 '* BtTiDADHEAttr^seetSachants for tbe sale of soah gcoda.AU eUstlc goods tiavlng yOLCANIZED RITBBSB*'*"Wr'Iowa. TatbuTalaaMepropera will InIn thea (except wown suBpenderfl, tbe rightInto Aminls- eelpts passed, aU goods hitherto manoiactared by me,exercised to forward antrative affairs, would be exercised to protect those •r supplied to others under my aathority, may be sold,Investigationgard to the Lecempton Constitution, tbey say thecountry will pause wltb astonishment over the shame-less record. They examined first the emphatic and Goods, nnder the Goodyear patent, to the "Goodyear indubitable pledges of the President, as wall beforeas after his ele«tlon,and the pledges of all his Cabinetto the doctrine of leaving tha people of Kansasfectly free to administer their Instttatlooa In their ownway-«> ; that the pegs ate all securely set for it They pledges, and the attempt to convert Kansas into a muitbe derived from them.;money in the passage of the Lecompton and EnglishJITDBON.; fourth,theopen of employmentCalifornia papers pleaseWlUDE.-^bB this City, on Sunday msml^n^g. June M,Mrs. Emma Wilboe. 60aged years.The reUtives uid trleads of the Hsmlir arc resoectfoUy; fifth, the admistion of parties engaged In the work of electioneering this scheme, that they received enormous sums for this pur-TO THE PPBUC.The nndersignsd, having sold all his right, title and£>q. all Ol this ,HAGmFIOENTSBBIKSOFinterest in the aaanofacture and Bale of Elastic RabtwrElastic Fabrios Cempany," hereby gives notise to the public that all settlements tor past Infringements of his rights mnst be made with that Company, and all IhtoreIsclading some of the FINEST THINGS that have appeared in the way of STEREOSCOPIC PICTDRIS,WILL BE PDBLISHID ON MONDAT. JOTTE 16, By E. ANTHONT,No. EOI BROADWAY, HEW-TOBK,per-secf-nd, tbe deliberate yioiatton of these Uoences to vend soch goods as his licenses included,IjRBOir.—In thissumption, Juuini H.. daughter of ths late James andby an agent of the Administrationoffertopurchasenewspapereditora withextravagantsumsot money; seventh, and even the aroscriptloDof Democrats of high staadhig wbo woold not sup-port the Lecompton and English bills. The witnesses tain the works from tbe Factory. Enox'a Depot is No, residence. Mo. s> Weat 4stb-st., on Tuesday aftamoon,A NEW CATALOGUE of ourportatioas, issued June I, wUI be sent ea receipt of stamp.VBB rAmBOIIB> B.BAOH ANB KAT «• TRKJHDIATOB.THE BEST IN THB WOBLD.TTse Parsons' Beach aad Bat Eztaasiaator. THK BK8T IV THE WOBIO. UseFarseas'BoaehaadBatExteraiaater. THE BEST IN TBX WORLD.Moaey returned If not saooesslU, by BAANBB k FARK,Nsw-T«k. SoldbyiranlstageneraUiy.PRRVECT FITTINGon thesepolnts were Gov.and F. W. Walkii, and, fortonatuy for the cause of truth, tbe evidence of these witnesses does not. tne Committee say, ''depend upon ^i^ own admis- sions." It is proved by tbe book of records of tha Bank of the Metropolis, which contains the names ofin Broadway, corner of Uaiden-lane. Beware of par- ties advertising depots who have no authority.RcmaTal.June U, at 3^ o'clock. The remains will be taken to Trinity Cemetery._Ejmw,—In this City, on Saturday, JnnelS,Eswb. C. BvxaiR. aged » years.His blends, and those of hisCstber, Silas K.Everett, are invited to attend tbe funeral, (Tom the resldenee of tbe latter. No. 3» West Uth-st, on Tnesday, June U, at 3M o'cloek P. M. , withont further nonS.wssofthe Post-office blanks, worth at least (86,000, entbe1short illness. In tbe 3d year of ber tm. Fuiba. youngest danghter of Frederick W. and Julia Bodstda.Lecompton policy. FoanzrWAixaa, Wbhsill, BaAii,BALL, BLACK k CO., in TtCAting their eld prem- ises, comer Broadway and Kjuyay sts., will close fi>r a lUl befoe tbe people and the election goes those who conduct their bnsineas there, and bj> tbe tsw days preparatory to o.pe^inicffinr new store, comer the ticket unconsciona contradiction of the wltneaes. The ofBroadway and Prince sts., of which due notice willJlAaTiBo*.-In this City, on Saturday, June 16, SiaAH Abb HAaiiBOT, wits of John P. Uartinot, in the 38th year of her age.lo the Hoosa, Douolas wUlthe Tob of Illinois there, which, with the united Senft, CaUfomia and Oregon, secures victory. The fieothara delegates ard still determined to resist JseeiiSi under all circumstancesnjaeHon dlrldaa the party, and he goes into the Bonae, he caanot control all the Southern States thai*, aad so could not be chosen,Biwliiii a lepreasntatlTes would see that in the event vltbeHouse toelectatall,thehand, support the Administration in its:(well 'known as unlit ely to explode spontaneously ) are prohibited. The public are therefore requested to hand is their orders early, that time may be allowed to ob-the late WilUam O. and Charlotte 1(. HoUy. In the Uth year of his age.publieaUons aad im-begiven*^^^^^^^limm Wark ter B«M1aaar-lw Store andconnection. While It shows a generalthe part of the President to subsidise the poMlcPress, It proves also that there was a strong deter-mination to buy all that could be bought, and to crush Main, Vaalis, -fte. Brery aseerliiMan of Fine boa y-BiuBT.—In this City, Ur. Jobxpb BLinn.In thetsthwlllingimaonBer (uneral will take place, ftom the Church of tbe Nativity, 2d-ay., this day, (Honday.) June 18, at 10 -^cloekA. If.outthehonestmenwhocouldnotbebribedorse- WorkteebnOdlBCpnrpoass,yearofbisage.aak Floats, Oalnaas, Siiders, Beams, Doer Sratten,FOB PBKTENTINS THE EXPLOSION OF BTKA BOILBBS.A8HCB0FTfe CO.,Ho.WJohn-st.,New-Tork.quested to attend his faneral, thlt day, fo'clock, at tbe Church ol the Holy Trlnil y, Clinton st . comer of Uontague-place, Brooklyn. The Fellows of the New-Tork Academy of Medicine will meet in the Mayer's OCBce, Brooklyn, at ^ o'clock P. H.WxiKXs.—In Brooklyn, H. D., on Saturday, June 16, Natbanixl Gould, youngest son of Carlysle T., Jr., and Margaret J. Weekes, aged 3 years, 3 months and 9 days.The friends of the family are invited to attend the fu- neral, from the residence of bis parents. No. 194 South 3d St., Brooklyn, E. D.. this day, (Monday,) atSo'cIock P.M. witboutfnrtber notice.7 months.Funeral at Glenwood, Yonkera. this day, (Monday.)at 11 o'clock A. M Relatives and friends are respect- folly invited to attend without further invitation.Cook.—In Caatleton, S. I., on Sunday morniog, Jane 17. at 3M o'clock, Alcott B , eldest son of Benjamin F. and Helen M.Cook. aged 11 years. Smontha and 17 days.pa-say the evidence proves beyond a doubt tbat the prices such valuable preservers of property are sent to all Bain.—In Kinderhook, N. T. on Thursday mornin ', paid for the executive printing and binding were ut- P'^rtsoftbe glabe. In this connection, thefoliotviagad- June 14, of consumption, John Baut, aged 63 years, 5 terly disproportionate to the work done. The coja- ditisnal testimonial to tbe merits of the Champion months and 17 days.We bad one of your Patent Champion Safes, which we endeavored to rescue from the flames, but only suc- ceeded In getting it in a position where the wind blewNew-Bochelle. on Tuesday,19,at o'clock. 2Xday, May 31, JoubB. WiiBOB. Sen.,Bsq.. Consul of tbe Jlr. Tbaih moved that 50,000 copies of the report be the flames directly on it. Yet the books aad papers ia- Dnited States at Nice, in the 76tb year of bis age.printed. Referred to tbe Printing Committee.Mr. W1B8LOW, of North Carolina, (Dem.,) was priv- ileged to make a minojity report on Monday morning, be not having had time to prepare it, as the tesllmouywas not closed till Thursday.The House took up the Kentucky election cise, themajority of the Committee on Elections having re- ported in favor of Mr. ..Vhseesos's retaining the seat, and consequently against Mr. Cheismab.Mr. SxEArtos, of New-YorK, (Rep.,) made the open- ing speech in favor of the Comjolttee"s report.S Mr. Chbisman. contestant, and Mr. Andxbsob, sev- erally addressed the House In support of their res- pective positions.Mr. Strattos gave notice that be would demand atrusted to its keeping were found tj be Eived, although tne fire was the hottest we have ever h^ in thispltice. We have no confidence in any other safes, and wish yon to send us one of your make and a size larger.Jourstruly, TKDilaN & DRaPER. $1.^ reward will be paid to any person tbat can show Herring's Patent Champion Safe ever failed topreserve its contents in an accidental fire.S C HKRRING & CO., Patentees and MaunfAotnrers of Herring's Patent Champion Fire and Burglar Proof Ss es. No. 251 Broadway, corner ot Murray-st., opposite City Ball, New-Tork , and Nos. 62 and 54 Gtavier-st.,liew-Oileans, La. ^^^^^^^Dyspepsia aad Flts.-Dr. 0. PHELPS BROTr>J, tbe jreat curerof Consumption, was for several years 8? badly afillcted by Dyspepsia, tbat for a part of the time be was confined to his bed. He wasBY TELEGRAPH. OF THE I,EOAIiIZEDI.OTTEIUES.WOOD, EDDY k CO., Managers, of the"CLOTHING, NO. 142 ynLT0N-8T.I.TON>8 OtAGNBTIOGranite Hall."De Gr««t>a ••to Alpacca Coats, $1 7S to $5.BummerSalts," $3$10.CTEBSTBUNG GRAND AND SQUARE PIANOS. Nos. 76tols6£utl3th-at..They sie the favorites for famibes.—7itiM««. We prefer them for family use.— TVi^w, OSce No. 16* Broadway. Mew-York.Shirts ta Order.A. anda fit Batcbisson, perfectRead the following Measra. BArroas k BuaDrrr_ « . ,„. BosTOB, May 1, 18H.No.98Maiden-Lane,Kew-Yana Boys, to b'. Lalonl} ctGl!;Al>,Uo.U3Broadway." Park-row.'".SS*;?' .»£•«=!*<*•> iaaaroplaloa,New-York.Unt.oitledDorkcumlatest styles o' Snmner_TToUalo" J^ M-la«Drvd with M DBuni's ut dt priirtnt. Pe;haps tbat 8DIT8, •11 meet the appcoba'ion ofall Barrtd meo. 8e<It Is a tbe Pdtcei could not CHINApiiy OaSSiMFRE TTBN*IO»8TOOTBBB.BIBN'S wfyaa ANI>JAPAN.IssMr would be kind eoouga to execute tbe aoie,tbisc-tea'sLEDOill. Bekdy to-day at It o^olock. In the lesT; », t« iJ^a. years By AOaiMHATT_HECANADIANSTHINK«*as be-OOSSaMBR FLAN^EL SURB. XarnMrseftheBarlor klgia's Mlaiaia to OMaaaUPADrEDLINANSUITS,aatboroftbeS"ecretary ts kawlaal>nCK DR»Bl.'ETEofbe seU at tha lawaat tgnrea.o< tbe His-lon to Jap nTr£!<. "".*<"k must attract every reader—ataad, public aale on Were*dneaday, Jane SO. at 1i.^BAIO. tFOBIRN TOTB T-BEB THB*rOFFICIAL DRAWINGS,City, onSonday, June IT, of con-,D„i_f_lE„C_T _FO„W«DTMJ_U„C The old and only article to exterminate Bed-Bogaa mostcamp^hor, Ac. For all of thewithhealingACHES AND PAINS:,:copy.oflatestBT jtUOS O 4K1'*-,ntaS mmnm^Jtcouiitr«Tarry- —olfe're-a, w—e underMonday.) at t:B laBUBTAmaB^SA irH»KV--A THBILb':"^ADToBIOGKAAHT OF A S 'T9g-Sketdh. s«etheisasBtnaUonetForaoompthberL.ondon_ ... Critic.Oaaof (hemoat aolidiy IntercaMng aad lastm^taBFear Peats.FORMOBBOFROOBBUHBR;OBTabB kaoftravelswh<chbaaappearedforsameVm%. »^lLyoEB.nOBB 0# TH* CKBSADE OF Tm,O'.THB LAST Days OF KATHaKI».ikl at Sioeda. aad at Jeddo are In the higbe-taddeetertalsieg. Bisobservationacg aeceuata of Jai a caparkable aianaer the"glowinATXBWS IN OirBA>FVomtke Kimi»rghT \' BOOKia.% ^ www.fultonhistory.com 