 ;.jK>^l#.Ai*.waameeting of merchants favorable to the establish-j'RiC:*aaiBt to icwrest him WiL<M«^.h» JX^J*^'"*"**">> revolvers" proof the ir-pray himself into the confidence of his fel-.kMJi'.m^igUiof:'*?;Da e'clack F. X^ loae all late last evening in the Lecture Boom of the no interference with Slavery in any Southern an average ministerial career. Surely this ChnrchofthePuritans. Theandiencewaslarge,«f tiliarififithm wMler tiie heada .the excitement excessive, and the chances of a State,—no refusal to execute the constitution- ought not 80 to have been. The Methodist»ttHabdsn's ecclesiastical career to indicate thatmi^-vits were read from both parties to shew thety of their election. The case was argued at length by Wm. Cwbtis Motks on behalf of thesystem would not be used toYet we find nothing In thetecord of3-J ^mgiliima.point^'''^kk eMid'not then be taken on the resolation'the Presidency. The failure is due to the is a most commonplace story of the most vul- partlydisorganized condition of the party, and partly gar crime. A silly young man falls into an im- to the blind blundering of the Convention itself. promptu intimacy with a girl of his own rank The contest between the two sections of the in life, which he probably regards as a Union has at last penetrated the Democratic stimulating pastime, but which the girl, Party, and rendered it impossible for the two evidently of a stranger nature than his_ , _^ _ .rightful Convention, resolved that a vote of puts off his too importunate Phillis with alltwo-thirds, not of j[he actual body, but of the sorts of weak devices, is finally forced to con--whole original number, should be essential to front her family, and agrees, with infinite sink-a nomination. In other words, the seceders ings of the heart, to many her. He would~''might Saturday oj haaty ezpresaiona extorted bynearly concerns,certaini^AH assa-:^^'-o AvnumsHKs.of liie ebordatloB af llieinjunction obtained each set of Trustees no longer be excluded from office for doubt- the world, and in this country, to expose theorraiTaled by the Chair, and a motionyesterday demnedtodeath,belonged. Thejuxtaposition creates itself. It is too striking to escape the pointed to ascertian all particulars about the price most careless reader ; and we accept it sim-the order to ballot was carried "faaaapand by yeasnv, aaja 61. Various amendments were proposed Jig the opponents of the resolution to adjourn, but 'Hwaamallycarriedby195ayesto53nays. Gen. i^JOMBMSthni addressed the delegates,lauaing themmentofthenewProduceNo. S5 Pearl-street. A committee of five was_ aeenes through which they liad Immediataty after the adjournment the Idafegateatook their departure for home. mietm aaaemUed at noon, about forty dele- jgataata^praaent. After a brief debate on the Unit, Jmci,jAtI%ao9 witlidrew bis resolution de- t«Kpedient for the ConTention to express Mhee for candidates for President and 'raairtmit A motion was then made by Mr. of Arkansas, to appoint a Standing -fi^lpBBiHee to prepare aad issue an address to the -.Danocrats of the Union. Tliis, too, was soon irtthdimwn, and a discussion sprang np as to -nUeOiBr the secedfrs, by the course they hadnoteworthy points The Dinnption of the Democratic with which the case of Habden fairly sparkles-itket^ meant it to be nnderstood ttiat they were wingsto a decIaratioR agree uponown,genuinecourt-^ .-'wUfiig to dbaolre tbeUnion. Among others, Mr. .l&U, of Qeoina, utterly repndiated any such in- Kr.XAacnwasdrawnoutbythisde-onthe minority seceded. Thereupon the dele- lacks what the French call the " courage ofidiaip ecdloqny ensued. Alterapro- ta in which speculations were freely Kfaidiag the probable action of the Na- nantieD. the Seceders adjourned withoutMiyuomination.';7aiiae of Bepresentatives yesterday Mr.who remained, and whoconstituted thedamsels,Tv%$iMl&Aatdebate iiereaiter should be confined»UM.and ttieat rtiin^litifr chancer;iftr TwasnrliwuM; thoiiitag him to procure the apartments._ ^^dOMbayOwltine haa com% when must theyadjoomed.t^:f}i?V^^^=s;>^95?Board of Oouacll- the regtilar routine ,mn was appropriated to the OlerkthereUaqolsh their grasp. PoarorIspassingintothehandsofthepropoMiIa toineffablyandunrefined,—tfceaetUafsChristianity among Paris f.5.13}. Money very easy on temporary loan. the people, was standing in the felon's dock Discounts a shade stiffer on short date paper. to hear the last stem sentence of the law pro-market less firm on the actual saleaThe export demand for Bullion for Saturday'snounceduponhimselfforthecrimeofmurder- ing his own wife.We need hardly say that we do not bringsteamersis toabout equala million of dollars.Cotton and Flour were moderately inquired forat abont former prices. Wheat waa inacUve. Cornwas less buoyant. Oata were plenty and heavy. these things thus into juxtaposition with theThe transactions in Provisions and Whisky were slightest intention ofmore extensive. Coffee and Molasses were in de-mand. Sugars were brisker. Other branches of the religious body to which the miserable business remained as previonsly represented. A man, Habden, of New-Jersey, con-Party.The CfaarleBton Convention has abandoned theattempt to nominate a Democratic candidate forand glows.Divested of its relations to the clerical char-acter and to society, the story of the criminalples.gatesship.discovering this,and foundbe less romantic, nothing at once more dull andi for the dtoolatSon of the Union parties but of the country itself. It seems to might well be left to moulder with so manyont, WfA WmwiW, who denied that such levor the last link of nationality in the politi- other piteens memorials of human cowardice atertalned by more than a cor-vocal'a guard of the party to which he belonged. cal affairs of the Union. When an other or- and cruelty in the obscure reeords of a ruralV^Im Dmoeiats with ftyoilng—veryTo'tbia Hr. BtAWtati leoMeA that Mr. English ganizations have been .gradually giving way,court. But this paltry ape of the BaiirviiLigRSharmonize seen.theirdificrencea,remainstobetured,tried,guil^. NothingcouldThe disruption itself is a fact ofmore revolting. Of itself the tale, aa we haveExchange was held at ap-and title of the property which it was proposed to that webuy, as also to select names for Trustees, and to plymay urgewith more forceuponlor tlw lantnai forbearance they have displayed, report at another meeting, to be held at noon on the Ecclesiastical organization which it soud aattig the pardon of those whom henext.of princi- When the majority adopted its platformThe lover,-vi4WJHUiiaiged the neeessity of early action on were still to be counted, and to have all their gladly escape, but that is impossible. HeV Jgj> Mjlffbill, and it was finally argued by mutual original weight as members of the Convention! marries, and of course neglects his bride.ta^Mtaobject until it was disposed of. Hr. Cobb Upon what ground of reason or of common He fumes and chafes in his harness, buys'ni« notice that h« liad a speech on the State of sense, the majority, and especially the dele- arsenic, administers it clumsily enough, but —the TTaion in general, which he should reserve un- gates from this State, thus put themselves, still with fatal effect. The wife dies in agonyhe became satiified of the fate of the Charles- ;1^JtatCtBtantion. Kr. Gooch, aa soon as the"mtti into Committee of the Whole, re- ^llw Drad-Scott decision at length, If^'ttat'It was of binding force. Hr. Hallthe principles of the Bepub- Sttfty — he understood them, and ^4ciJR0« took oceaaion to reply to a late «i|)MGllfe* Kr. Smqusb, ciaiming tiiat not one in a aoaaaadoftheinhahitantaoftheFreeStatesfa- of aocial eqaality to negroes. of the treaaonable doctrinebouad hand and foot, into the power of the her friends and relatives suspect mischief;seceding minority, it is not easy to conjecture. the Argus eyes of a prurient and inquisitive The result was to give the South the victory. village population, who live by minding each They have controlled the Convention, and pre- other's business, are fixed upon him ; he grows vented the nomination of any candidate. Whe- restive and alarmed, tells foolish and contra-ther, on reassembling at Baltimore, they willdictory lies ;at last elopes ; is pursued, cap-markedI Of a Bapahlican Preaident woold importance, not only in the history of political said, has been told ten thousand times, and'•Vjt eompany with dianiuoniats. A colloquy en- one after another, to the of«ned between Heasra. BrAinoa and HiLLaoir, in pressuretto coarse of which tiie latter pronounced a glow- alism, timid and conservative men have fallentof^ogy on the Union. On the conclusion of back open the national pasition of the Demo- a single gleam of splendor in his sin «tp*urroH'B armment, Messrs. SiirOLKTOM and craticSf*"TM "^O'P'ed to controvert some of the posi- Party,Uona which he had taken, and the House ad- maintained the Union woold be secure. The the abject gloom of his positionsection-—aas this was flush of originality in wickedness—to relieve ttU9 man first effect of this Charleston split will be to was an ordained minister of the Gospel. A i^^lVSi,'^^^'wal^^n'^edrs^; alarmthis class bythe dread of immediate poweifal and respectable body of Christian dissolution. believers had conferred upon him the author- Some of the Republican journals refer to ity of their name, and sent him to preach andsingleappearand give bonds in *30,00o!^ Slavery,—and as showing that the contest character, indeed, that he owed his easyand felt that solongthis Incident as.MflreOBPwn^s^byCapt. FahhbamcoZ repressible conflict" between Freedom and lows. It was evidently to his clerical-'•2S?"'«»<="«• Theonlyanother of"'°^'^5?^''^matterleTtta HethodUrt Conference now in must go on nntil one or the other is extir- access to the homes and the heartsUBi^;«as oecnpied yestardar by the..,_ , - t«<pa«MoB» and memorials fVom the pated. If we believed this to be the tme ofthe young ladies in the meshes of whose<Ulbieiil Oiafimacaai The largar part of the pa- view of the question, we too shanld charms his weak nature was entangled and ,-;»0W, wtillttid thaa fu uk for a change of the despair of the Union. But we do not. thrown. TUs circumstance sarely invests hia..'-IwiatMittin Bkvorr- We do not believe that the-J>a* MpOa B. Huma, Qie wife-poisoner, whoseconflict is betweencase with aparticularinterest. It isimport-yjMjXltaen piogreaaftig for two weeks past at Slavery and Freedom, or that the existence ant for us all to know whether the HabdinsBatwMW^y. J., and who waa eovlcted on Wed- of either will be affected by the result. We are exceptional monsters, whose reai quality^VMM^rniinfofmnrderintltefbat^Mree,was regardthestrug"gleasonefor.V^UmS .amtenced to be hnng on the 38th of political power,liesconcealedfromthewisestconference,be- ^'PP*t**^«w the hours of 10 AH. and 3 F. H. "^ K^i*.?"^ '"''='*"8 merely a secondary neath a hopeful show of the ChristianaSSi' ^<*''*BKu> and BoBiBi UoEjnoax, re- and subordinate part on either side. Unques- gifts and graces, or whettier our great — onmta of Gen. CaxBiuui, liave beoa tionably, thousands of Northern men seek bodies confer their ordinations withto..-i.-.ii- ;"8*tes the Chicago Convention, froaaand Twenty-second DiatricU ofoverthrow ofSlavery, and thousandsthe religionsof South- a perilous disregard of the plainest indica-ern men seek ifa permanence and extension tions of unfitness on the part of those who jS^a^^'Sfn^f *•* ^°«'^ °^ iadermen.laat aa the aim of their political contests. But both receive them. This is a matter which we .-!Zg°fe*i?^y'?f.°° "as received froS the wonTd be dla^pointed. Neither class would feel that we may properly press upon the con- ^i^T'throTueSif' t^r","'^'^^"J"" reap the advantage which it anticipates from sideration of the Conference now in session at ^uSm, static thM tW had H. ».'f T.''"? °/'^' victory. The Slave States have substan- Buffalo. It can jiever come home to them^«""- tially controlled the policy of the Federal with more force than now.'i^wSfl^rWSap^ted'.o'l''"''"'- Government for aU thelastfi%years. Upon— The —TM^J|^w^-firathabits personal,intellectual,moral—of *»2W»aiay bS iSmed necess^°"\'' fm "«^- questions—tariff, currency, foreign tfidations this unfortunate young man Habden, as they .;.<,tS«>«w^edfromtheC^troMe^rrZ"theirviewsandsentimentshavegnldedthe havecomeoutinthecourseofhistrial,most actionofthenation. Foralongtimethey assuredlywerenotsuchasitiseasytohideSS^T K(^W«.Wfared to the AnaoIi(ioavM«do]Aed,ap.x**^",Com-under abushel.That he waautterly withoutUntitled Documentthey have hdd U by oqaiciaik,—^ Bteaaoea.by ap^ala to the nmn U Oe a^a, thM to taataa. Ua maaaera aad eiiatama wanthe hopes of the acriiititnia, aad the avariceiti ana then of the corrupt, in the Neitbertf States. The were made so patent at every atage of thethemOonndl, for ius annual compila- majority—into the hands which hold the num- son who had ever been brought into contactsuppose VaUmtmt't MmHuml. The Comptrpllsr bora, the wealth, the energy, the enterprise of with him. Thea Boaid, in rojlv to a resolution of In- jMiy, Ikat the new rooms for the use of the City Uai^Ktor had been rented under a resolution an-the gross ignorance of the oom- Confederacy. There Is no help for It It monest rules of hygiene, for Instance, Inla among the inevitable events of political his- which he seems to have rejoiced, U some-tory. It can no more be arrested than the thing stupendous. Had he been ofTheCommissionersoftkenewDepartmentof revelationoftheeartharonnd acquittedPublic Charitifs and Correction continned the work of CDitailiBg the expenses of the Inatitntions onder their rosnagement by abolishing the officesthe sun, or the poisoning his wife, he ought still to rising and faUlng of the Udes of the sea. have been pronounced her destroyer.Naturally, however, it excites a commotion. For, when the poor woman calls him toof Deputy-Warden of the Penitentiary, Deputy- All great changes,—especially aU restorations her and he finds Sapeimteodent of the Workhouse, Clerk of the bedside,her writhing Store-honae and Clerk of the Penitentiary. They of disturbed balances of power.—are attended in pain, faint, and sick almost to death, he also resolved to discharge ten Keepera of the Pen- with more or less of tunnoO and alarm. Right- never ihiaks of calling in a physician; butitentiaryandsixKeepersoftheWork-hoase,and ingaship,whichhas beenso toto reduce the aalarlea of several of the remiUnlng long careened proceeds treat her himseUl And what aEeepeiB, and also of the Warden and Clerk of the aa to make it impossible to walk across her treatment I He drenches her first with cold City Prison. The Police Gommianoners yesterday deck, throws everything tato confusion, and water ; then with milk ; aad then with aomeCMUbnl*.Mrin, CalltenlK, Oregon, Wub- deaignated about 70 places aa rsqniring attention.reeeivad the report of the Sanitary Squad, witiehthe unacenstomedpassenger who haa valuv"Godfrey's Cordial," which he had bought be-hieson la "board, quite certain she Is capsizing. cause he thought it nice ;" then withEMnnMrn mad Oa Sandwlcli Iduida, The Board of Supervisor* received theocaqitotoDlfMtofAiiMrieaBKTWiia tion of Isaac Bill, Jr. ExBtate Senator Elt Be aeea hia uptake only wh%n she stands up- strong tea; then with water again; fiieaCountyOffices fai favora!eertafai *r tt* ftmaiUp MrOcrs £v*^ *U<^ for the lepottedresigna-Ik. Koraiw dnrtnc U>« P«* fortnlghl, was elected nnaaimonaly to fill the vacancy, and right, and with full aail makes direct for her with buttermilk; and finally proposes aT^MOBMW (Satnnlay) HouaM, In took hi* seat fanmedUtely. The Committee on destined portdose of beer. Now, if this be not thetenderness ofplanserection oi a jail on the ccmer of Ludlow- The South beHevea sincerely, wo doubt not,the hyena, it waa ceitidnly theiftaraAatlSM. TV* lUdl doM* at tba street and Enez-place. The Committee atated that the North teek* in order to crush Intelligence of the dodo; and we say it in all ttM»A-V>"IB*of<kep^MT,Ina thattoeooatnictthepropoaedbuildingofgranite power-filyftranSlHi*<>•">*"vr- wouldcoalIM.OOO,andofmarble$66,000. The Slanery. InouropinionitdeaotmcesSlavery seriousness,thattocommitthegraverespon- rcMirtwaafinallywitlidrawnbytheCommittee, mainlythatit In sibilitiesoftheChristianministrytoabeingi*l>1Mr«nUn h Mrtr ai poaiOile. and the Boarda fon npott of tk* prooecdinct The Gfaeever Chnrch difficulty came np beforemay. acquire power. manyrespects the policy of the Federal Govern- who could administer such a series of bever-ment in Northern hands would be different ages to a weak and suffering woman, were heCaanBttDB aad daUUad aceoimU Justice MirLuv, of the Supreme Court, Cham- from what it has been hitherto. Men would spotless as the driven snow, is, in this age of bers, OS a motion to show cause why theby againsttheothershouldnotbedissolved. Affida-thewisdomorthe ofthe justiceshepherdtoscorn,andhis todestruc- sheep^' ''*A«Mto% qdta aa bnportnit ta tka advettiaaia aa '.rt»OTnatt«a, tohava that hoar the Utaat for theof OteirBOtieaa.mWnrm Tatia'a Oeoiv o* Dutb.i. Tea Taiwa. SMtBSfm—OmW—Tfimaat'i Tiaa fiAuaaorOKnaN—Kznamaa or fAommot,'AL AST zmirmjTlON—Kxanmoa theWeatem Boad Stocks especiaily buoyant onthe traffic returns for the last week in April. young man, one of the ministers whom thisMSWS OgTHB DAY.I preaant the cnrt^n has fallen upon the I of tb« Kati<aial IMmocratic Conven- „ iTwIardayatominf,aasoonaatheCoaven-^'^tllalpi Iwnitmiled, Kr. Bcesill, of '^rgiuia lateaotntiflnthatit adjonrntomeetat Bal! i ap Jana 18th, in order to afford Slatea which ;^*§>y>lipt lepieaeuled an opporttmlty to 611 np their ' A of oi^er waa raiaed thatac-»ew-T«k Central sold at 79, closing at 78} # body had commissioned to preach the truthscent. Faaama rose to 1461^^. The Exchange and to the life oflegali-IingSlavery.force it upon unwilling communities. We shouldb at tka pi —ant maaunt m rapU aa ta Cheever party, and by Wm. M. Evasts for the op- no longer be represented abroad by acUve hia was an exceptional case. He seems toiiqSlavery,that beexaminations, to have been appointed to at least two parishes, and to have had before him a fhir prospect of>aiaU»e that adTettiwaaata intenda4 ahoold ba sent in at ttie aarUeit Annooacemmta which UU taposition. The decision was reserved. of apostleshave his slipped quietly throughnor would The dfficnities that have arisen between Dr held up to the world as the cherishedCbocvxb and the Tmstees of the congregation to glorywtiich he ministers, were again the subject of de- of American Inatitntions. But there woold be;;^' JjiUMi'iiilm >i« aecaatooiad to nier. It ia,- speedy termination to the debate as remote aa al provision for the rendition of fugitives,—no body comprises no small portion ofthe intelli-ever. Another meeting is to I>e held on Honday night week.attempt to coerce the population of new Ter- gence, capacity and worUi of the American—ritories. A Northern President, Northern In Church. It must be within Its power, and itFederalpowertion.The thirdMariners' Society was held at Calvary Church sentiment as well as geographical position,Twenty-third-street. The report of the Secre- would have a degree of influence over his own elevate and so to apply the standard of Its com-anniversaryof the AmericanBaptiat—certainly is both its duty and Its Interest, so totary and Treasurer waa very encouraging, and section.which would disarm the hostility which missions as to make such phenomena aa this, demonstrated how much might be effectedby judicious economy and devoted zeaL Ad- a Southern sectionalist would be sure to en- which has just shocked the whole communitydresses were made by Rev. Joskfh Stockbbidob, Chaplain of the Navy-Yard, Bev. Dr. Hiscox, Bev. A S. BirsLiasHAii, and others.counter.One thing is very certain :—the South mustin New-Jersey, In the highest degree improba-ble. As TheannualmeetingoftheChamberafCom- makeupitsmindtolosetheswayithasexer- tonishingthatHabosk,beingaminister,shouldmerce waa held yesterday. The old offieers were cised so long. The sceptre is passing from its also have been a murderer, aa it is that he prindpallv reelected for the ensuiag year. The hands. Its own imprudenciea have hastened should ever have been a minister.subject of the codification of the Bevenne laws, the removal of Harbor Obstructions, tha new Har- bor Liae, and other topics, occupied the atteatioa of the Chamber.At the regular meeting of the American Insti- tute a Committee was appointed to select a per- manent location for the exhibition rooms of the Institute. The movement for abolishing the sys- tem of models, and substitating the publication of specificationa of all inventions by the Patent-office, alter the fiiglish system, received favorable at- tention.,At the annnal meeting of the Geographical and Statistical Society, the ticket headed by Dr. Hawis was elected, and that headed by Prof. MoBsa defeated by four votes. Dr. Millard read an interesting paper on consumption.the departure of its power, but it baa always been merely a queslion of time. The South can either accept it as inevitable aad make the best of it,—or the wholeit^ proceed- The Stack market was firmer yesterday, and ings was opening with all due solemnity, a—London practice 109J,pluageturmoil, and bring down swift ruin upon its owncountry into borders, in the vain contest against nationalgrowthanddevelopment.TheThe Conference of the Uethodlst ChurchNorth has commenced its with no just session,little state and ceremony, at the City of Buffa-Case of Harden.lo. Almost at the moment whenbelieves to behis position." He flirts with otherand the Boroia, who is to bear the fullnow of the penalties he has incurred withoutcastingdiscredituponaweighteoaraeproceedtoga In that It Court,thingsnoware, it Is not half ao as-unknown to any competent per-is impoaalble to &§^y£--ir-S^iiaii-i liilafeThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.com 