 ') 'reports'Pupeto the 7>-jrro &'an Car-Zo. The Si'tss regi.ueutj, cowarclySan Cartos.:*1 ."'.- «<»Ike C«BtiBeDU•DB FOUISH eOBSKSnOHDBBCE. APVAIB8 IN BNOCAND.Owtkaldl-MauUt-New 8««m»er»-Ml»- ••Itaacaaa Iaulitxence>FnilB Oar Owa Ooiraapaadaat. LondoB, 8a'.uTtl*7, Jiia«9, IMO.dajt'excittmaat. It is tbe ftairtt•t••gh to be heard of long enough afiet the mere •general iciat of a magazine would have died"he A delightful treat was recently afforded to those In-ktld out aA large umporay gallery, rising in the recess of' one door,Jodgea ware glad to shut bla eamgbop wkb atIHits E Tnoine, Miss Marie WU on. Hitsthe of the t'U, posecommemoration,weiesplendidly lailltary Na-b; ao diatlngnished an authorhj, it ia likelyTben above tneiByConnectlonfcaona ballad about the Palace Conn, which led (• Ike ahntiing up of that iniquitous den of pettylabat, tpilaarchaMr. UiooiiiB had a botse-case there, Mr. TlACKiKAT celebrated the action and the face aad expenses thereof in Punch. Hr. HiooiHS kaa written much about military matters, and •bare all he ia an ardaot adTucate of the uses of I^ht Cavalry. Aa he himself b about 6 feet t lacbea in height, weighing 17 stone or thereabouts, he kaa a lively aenae of the difficulties ezperienced Being, 'therefore, a Hr. TdVczaSAT au Jtit in ancb matters, and has doubtless negotiated ot the cootribmions to the Magazine.liigiscompeteat foLeral,guaraalaa tbe occmraaaa atky over-weighted chargers.S.iliv" CTtabUsbment, and that Mr. Pai;l Bispoid an-t Mr. Toou kept a rival shop near him, and baself sought to wi^.e bis cu!tomers away with " chaff" and dls-ptrsglng remarks, I feel that I have stated a greaatd otherthat it cauuui beIs axd almost every shed, wa* gay with the nationallively sympatby«rilbtindtitary authurity,hekeepsm that pai t attire—smart looking soldiers, joilv citizens, and Bavarian cannot be driven by bla aperatltlOBs 'or•kiaBe thia as it may, im> article that has appeared in Sicily,Neapolitan published bynave under bis control tha second of lti« citykuto breeches, only a little more sooibre than onrportionin 1848, has beena Rev. Mr.Kea,>oi- pii;.u;ai:oa, the coaqacst made in two weeks after landingaay aerial for years past has created a greater sen-aiion than this. I am told that there is a greatdiaaenaion in the Cabinet abuut it, one portion be-BfiiDOls, an eye-witness. He penetrated among the foremost of the mob into a fcetid underground den, where heaps of oodies of the tortured dead lay piled and chained in every shape of horror.uptn the Inland, IS an of succes'ful exampleTe Deum.the gener- al fescvaiiesol the day and the Illumination in theWould that Com- mander IsaRABAjf had been there, with an Ameii.reqatieaeoger in the cause of humanity.May God speedily grant U.'ent popular movement. Every cl:y has its " Little!PoUtieal Aflalre—Ineldeata-ABerleaa lalelllaeace.I think he would have put in a mildAdmiral Mcxdt^lyIN AFFAIRS SPAIN.can forcefrutest against the unholy work.!departoiCH:— a is unrivaUd astiMemmtfcr ^be lietttNEW-YORK, SATURDAY, JUNE 23, 1860.Ihe fiuBooB nticle io the CornhtU Magazine tience. I know that the two had no eommoo ac-I ';Berlin to Monleb. Measwhlla,/Pmssia herMlf it aot«( tUi moBtl^ which gives detsib ol a plan for the lM«i&wtkia of LoodoD, is froa the pn ef Bir 4*B> -Bossom. It «iU be a uU feather in theIngenious brusMrg process, but tbe wants morewhite tablet, wltb decorated sides,iof Mr. Smitb and Mr. TaiOEXkAT ihoald theimprisoDmentzuii last he was gray with premature age, and looked like the incarnation of an ascetic martyr.°"HI^^r'>^*nr someWf*•fgeatioDcoaaed in PaxIiameDt. In ra; opinion h ia an ez-sitepractical elements,and I note afavorable c'aa .ge 'be canied out. or even terioaslj dia-ia cooseced with the everythingsliip.I amsorryre^ted~inplaced at oae end of the great mats of ilw catafalque, For tbe treat Madtwhlab, eweepiat from tbair city fence, charged home so••Uol ro|frstioD, and aa it ia in realitT a plan whii h haa been oSciallj lugfeated to Gorem-being considerably over the usual charges. Taelookingatdworeamural whiletheexUBnedarms GavethemaCoaaaMnCoaoOT,riors in ofica, and showed so dearly tbat hea tool of pat^ des|iotUm ta higher qaaitatB, Ibat tbabg deeply impressed with the paramount neces.sity of attending to oar defences, and inter alia of Two human bodies, in writhhig attitudes, wereaid In the of the purposescharity.byfailifjing London, and the other taking the old peace-view of reliance upon the good-will of Na- KiuoBm,andthemillenniumwhichiscoming. palace,FROn BikTARIA.in Palermo, and the entrance was con- The anti-Burgoynites are headed by Ur. Glad- cealed by a huge book-case. Blood-stained stonesi BMiisandMr.MilbxkGibson.Ihearthatthe rustyspikes,rottingbodies,bundlesofrotting tenser has intimated hia intention to resign, and rags, limbs, tilth, skeletons on stone shelves which had served as their beds when living, naked bod-—F^om Onr Owu Oorrespoadent. MoicH, Wednesday, May 30, 1860.Situated as I am at present, away from the ec(ne of most inimeJiate interest in Europe, I can-not to forestall tbe news which hope'.I don't hear ofany great rash taIkea we may expect a change in the Administra- laam before many days are over. It is quite true lka> we have only 30,000 infahtry in Great Britain •Bdlteiand, without reckoning the depots. But'•Tchiefwant is trained sailors, and indeed any aert of sailors in the Queen's navy, and we shallMeanwhile Austrian paper is lower ftaa' oia» The picmlam on silver Is again 329*4 par eoat. ; something unequaled since Solfirma. After fla treaty of Fiita- Franca it was but 15, at New-Tear's It rose to 20, during the Winter, gradually, to 2S, la tba last t»o months to 30, and now to 34.I underttand that our Minister at lewl neaaa,victims,ofbothsexes,inonespot. Hecalledita think that Miss Bortoii must have bean as suc- word wki-^h would indicate that anyUi:ag wa& going I'snfiniiig myself to Bavarian news and pollllcs, that can be made quiteEngland.I fsai that diplomacy isFeellaf—Festivat,foftISM,waodalready busy in arrest- iag the good work in Bicliy. I do aot like thisand showed themselvesfoggy thing which the Munich people call the " pub- walklrg freely about among tbe parade. Tbere varagatheringstrengthandarmsdally. Butthemarch•f insBirection should be onward, and now wehear tumours of mediation to "restrain Piedmontffon iavonng any revolutionary movement on the not be known to fame so well aa the veriest aris-licmind,"andeveryone,fromthepeasanttothe prince, turns to tbe news from Sicily as soon as the.' which has too long the earth ? gift from himself, is called tbe cespoiisDi pollutedTa the prayers of BombaKno coocerniag Sicily, Naivuon happily seems deaf. In vain does them the Pltti Palace a t>ore were not that great houselanding.monster Constitutions by the score. promisewarm affair.choir on the ground broke through the regular pro-youagWever, I should think and hope, could any of hiskith or kin reign over Sicily after this second bom- ntimbers among his eiijiagements the Sutiej, Silis- bardment of Palermo, on whose wretohed inhabi- tria, the A'ma, lukermnn, the charge ot Balaklav:^the finestPaltttzna contains more than a bundrel ttao'istndlasda the redhot ilaii of the infernal scourge has,fallen nineteen hours consecutively, merely in ex" sTivcr in his plateTbe last cfEcial from Naples «ia dispatch"ations " to the Neapolitan Commodore about the tioa of old Sir Colin (Lorl Cltdk,) Sir Hartktfour or five can and.forty,is said, however, to have madeairtmg represent-many;" " "bombardment, which were not listened to. The.i, I say, be ought to have made stronger. The meool- war which were in the way of the lire ought rtoi tohave outofit. Theveryhospitalsweregot shelled,aad people of all sges and sexes were killed. Both Palermo and Messina abound in beggars and cripples, the lame, the halt, the maimed and the blind. These were amcmg the victims of this hell- ish bombardment. Would that the Great PowersTreai Oar OwaCasis, Spau, Taursday, May 31,—if be —would withdraw all theira man is no mendicant, when ho applies to thepublic coffers lor assistance in his hour of need, return to Tuiin, and in his place will come the young jects of tbe Italian press. Since ihe takir.g of Palerthe public owes him support and comfort. He is Prince IIcmbxbt, oldes-, son of Ticioa EHAaDXi, to be the are full of for and acconiplisb as many imjiosslsllitles as a stronger man. votes amidst the Euroi-ean Powers.diplo. matic representatives, and place FaA>cis II. for- ever out of the pale ut mediation and the recogni- tion 01 kings. In the midst of all tMs, it is misera- ble to hear that Lord Joan BudszLL, whose bigperhapsthey greatwords have of late been so lauded in luly, promisedany disturbances in the Neapolitan possessions iothe Peninsula." What is it to him ? Must a Brit, iak Minister be always doing the wrong tning ?The Times has just published, to-day and yes. terday, a splendid account of the campaign, which leaves the reader amazed at the gallantry and gcn-;i^e oldto recommend to Piedmont not to fomentlantic whoto smooth bis bed otof Gasibauii and bis li'.tle ban) •'''leva-human confined scares themat thehospiUI, got_Masickeralahipted followersty and demoralization of the Palermoi> .^ns ;at the atrocities of the Neapolitans, and disgust atcannot altogether smother their;Italy,lurolngten-filled with regret at the pusillanimi- horrorlion in SicilyI'ree, they8> mpatbies, thoughthe "pitiable tign.e theixei nations" played in the whole:of the ticil- uending before a Committee of the House o* more intimately connected with their own affilrs, a one's bouse If every soul is thus cold, if taere is no lemnlty " Sir, mark my words, we stand on tbe attacked him, and piercing bla wltb laaees, hacorrespondent'sOy Mr. Lever, M. P., in order to obtain the con- tract for the Galway line. The story goes that Mr. LiTEB offered one O'Mallt Irwin a sum ofRipVanWUkles,ahoseerredis,5110,^penThe Saiiciial Yereia, of which I wrote you, at therepteser:ta',ivo»neat, no arior, no erup.iou, but that of tlie l&t'a of "' pitalI quote Commons, tbe result of which will shortly be made Ibe jouinals give much more 8^>€U;e to iuicljgence t^emmis ? Taose are the 'les oi romance *vnich toll brink of rtmaraable ere-oU .^n American reader fell dead at thair feet.affiilr^words. As lar as 1 can make itpublic, touching an alleged illegal agreement imde from >,'dples, aad to discussions of the probable in- of the waim hearts oi the South—they are coder than 'vlU hardly unagine hiw much It is for one of these GAXiBAUii'sexpeditionin Siefly creates great ex-whereI bavesottoedtatheout, tbeii presence there aad their bemi-mediation"to o»c up that somelhmg is really going to hap-"uieIt Is amusing enough to see with what reluctancehasbenefit the Neapolitan much more thin the revo-lutionary caose. fttainAi-ni seem* to have been £4,fli)0 to procure influence to obtain the contract.iesuts, questions sr'lpiioiis frympaibyconnected wito local mierests. Sab- simply'.and depended opoo.Naples,The lower classesfor a day, and who remained in Borne calm and nnmoved, though agonizing in spirit, after the RoyalandJacob Omnium," otherwisewith whom the latter wrote the fice to the foe through the mountainsCollege. was a Fancy Fair, a', which theoocasloo,awaj into obliTion.Mr. Hiooias, ia, aa jod are aware, Mr. Tback- IBAI'B particular chnm and aseociate. It waa hafair Voa- BilllDgtoo, MIts BufoD, Mrs. Fi'zartlllam, Miss Ilerbert, Miss Kstherlse Hiekson.MIss Kate Kelly, Miss 'Mar<i>>a, Mrs. Frank .Mathews, Mrs. Alfred Mellow {nii Wool-Dr. KmscB,wbowlUeeMirat*«attald(ha/JMaFrench troops had entered it, and Gari- baldi was sullenly retreating with hisfollowingA terrific revelation ofatrocities intop of his pMkel. The small amount of nwsy aal-lected for the Holy Father, by the aalted^btisefall the jHlests of tha Kingdom, is proof aad ex- euergv Public Gardens this evealng. The lOm o' this mon'b smple of this. .And therefore I TFUtu.-e to doubt whiih may weil excite ai^nlratlon. Tue w<-»-.ern is Cirpus rArijti Day, when there will be a grand the success of the experiment now belag triad batehanging crucitied on the wall of one chamber. This cbamal gro'.to was under a police office, orBxnjahiii Wsbstzb. its mBter, and yesterday tae Prince Consort, attended by Hon. Gen. Gair, K. OB,and to bave suffered from iRWi.N alleges that be did so, and that Mr. LtviRidiioders isua^oinie--. Tho NcapoIit,:n ;Klrig'ii> soldiers are mortally af.-ald time of Its formation, is no* la full activity, aod es A solemn service is held in the Ch'urch of Smta of this same GiaiBALDi, and would aoout as soon face ptcially Ijc^y wiihlu at'.empU at a reformation of Croceto-'iay,incommemorationoftbeoaulesol theisevi!. IfNaplesliasanyheat,whenthismai publl:sentimentIntheSjutternStates,andthere- Muiita:iara and Cartalone, fought :nU:18, In which a tenches the match the Bour^ions alll have to shrlik uiova^of that jealousy toward Prussia which stands Urg'i number of Tuscans took part. Tne Si'lh- o away or be cuusumod. The Venetians (I left Venice in the way of GcrciM: Bnioa. They bave establishedquarterof Si.aniardaseem to be hardly awaretoothean armistice weregotiated this armistico wiih the Commodore of theKeapoliian fleet ; bin not did the Citadel iBWjji to Irequent the lobby ol the House of Com-for tneM:iy is tlio memorable day, iMittalsy^arit wa%' neces-of tbe Sleliuiimagnanimous,treacheryI cannot conceive such How could any one in his senses believe Ibis Irwi.v to have had a shred ol Some time since tho Police forbadestrugslingoF^e ponding.whilethen reliistd to him. payiand do not to notice it bat laenemy,negoti^atilingto be po*bible.Gabibauii-bnameUgenerallythetaird one mentioned, aad by a great many his suocea uall the work is the little band which landed fromMaking purchase of some photographs in the Piazzaof soldierf. Rurelv has a more heardess and btr:)- San Maico, I indu'ged in ia:her a hasty expression tome of the ablest peas in Germa'.y.From Madeira 1 learn of the arrival of the UnitedConsieUation at that bearing tha Slates ahlp port,ions for Admiral MuiWY ne-movemeut, appearonlybombardmcnr, hn: i Neapolitan col-only two days since)arethe end " T.ien comes ouiin ii-salca—DicSudientscht Ua ZeUung,eunthiue itsumn penetrated into thethat they did njt know ot the aiuiiaiice. Gabi- ter will probably be f und to rest on Mr. Irwin's3'-rtown, un>ter the pretencemwe shal'of th:: ,\aiiuna^Verei£. He ii assistedlepalit hay-eninfluence VAnd now the little hero has gone to offerhe glory ofSultan.bis. sword to Gabibaldi, witnout fee or lavof, a8dfruch childish Inventraa as tUaSL W. JLa avaluablc assistant he wiH be in every or ofthefieldorofarms. Asashotheinsurgents were totally defeated, the Royal organ ci luoins of Brigadier Latoi retirti to Palermo, whiledone hisexpectand duties of S'ate are not burdensome in the ne* " Chatterei "—" Little Whistle"—or some such fantas- duty I" The only duty done was the retiring."To.day the contradiction of dupitches has reached Province, the principal business being to watch and tically named dally er weekly. They do not entirely its height. AceofdUig to tbe hliherto most trustworthyreconnoUerer inva'ublo.made himself as happy as any unmarried man ofmen like thisEug- e.xcep-Gi—each soldier felt the of contciousness tiavingNvnd'and liasbiOLi?, and the veteran De Lacey Evans, who now expends bis breath vainly against such ai)poiut- ments as that of Secretary Gbkt, whom hare we in high rark fit or likely to command oiir armi^^s ? There is the Duke, of Cahbriuoe, Sur Richard England, and H. B. H. Field Marshal, the Prince Consort.Bob Broijgh, prince of good fellows and feelinghearts, purveyor of amustment to thousands, lieson a sick bed, and cannot hold his pen to inditethe storyandthekindlyverse. Such sympatheticabout to apply to the Literary Fund. 1 fear that Institutionibbutaniggard. Itprovidestoomany I'eeds for tbe rich hangers-on of Literature.pea'S to Naples, Let me tranacribe a saort para-BawGHregular "The Sicilians are always those of the Vespers-il-is well known in America, and I should tliiiili there are many on the other side of the At-but it is too late. lahs by the of San Fernando. Dlnmlnatloni bnd fire-woiks were the order of tbfe evening.mons, which me public are allowed to do underai,''.!ously awaMng eipfdllloa.a Xiew paperrJitor is )lr. BBAiia, a truly liberal man and mem-but with tbef :• Iforecastle, paddle bridgeforce, enough under GABiBALn to conquer the and a ateaia whistle have been added. Tke sounil of bean favorablefta 'oftheAhruzzi. ItisknownthatGaribaldiandCatocs are not friends, but that the chieftain isstaunch to Tictob Emandel, if that monarch willassume the sovereignty of Italy and declare him- Mire H.Slinms, Mrs. Sterling, Miss Swanborough,of the ejieaker's stand. As usual ua similar occa- each feet in a ihirty;refosedpermissionlothe procatdoii, ierlerof Napolbon. Mazziki hasWysdhais,displ>ycd frames aad sue.ItiUafara it «f,"isUtHBcuiT'stbe caution of the Policebut still somewhat lemukahie for tba "Cltyof IntelUganee."selfgiveninhisallegianceuponthoseterms. Siaio-tbeIs certalaly not auytWac;independentand MrF. C. Was not this a treat to a sttte- Young.OL large cloths attached topeLded in various pans of the bull.iing.SokiUerftat,81, Ni.NO Bixio and Bebtasi are Mazzinians.Imagine the delight converse, firoug*! the medium of purchase, with all or any of t:ieiieAf- ter all, a man like Gabibaldi must know what itThe often quoted express on,"aalf-alyMis be is lighting for.I saw a letter from Hr. Bright yesterday de-clining to subscribe to Garibaldi, and saying briefly that he preferred not to state his reasons in a letter, which is often an inconvenient mode.Tben, tnereand whenIn Munich the. old spirit still reigns. TbeUItsa- way tLings going Sicily. Gaaibalui alreidy hells raag at 7 o'clock then appeared flattering montane Influence here la strong eaoogh to keep alttraare some of the features of thisthe prison and execution-place in Canton into and DO letum of change" was the mercantile pitacl.lar con,munlcatlao by means of steamers Is sg<i<n toBatlon of the throat.to be equaled by Wixobotk Cooke's account ol stalwart and genial good fellowtlainwhich he pnetiated. I bave just bceareading the pieof the " goddesses" of the stalls. Charm presidicgreceive telegraph aad through the Eagllsh papers: bat theaccount given by my friend Major Lxvasos of the ing Miss Sxnsvricx, the. fair manageress. Miss SwA:r- •everhavethemuntiltheserviceismadesome- denorlairofa"man-eater"(tiger)atMulkapoor, BoaoDOB, Miss Wtsphasi with the wondrous le^s,held is so rich that a fewacceptable, even though they come to you by thiswhat less thankless than it is. Bounty alone will BOtdo,althoughthathasneverbeenlairly tested since it is not paid down, but doled out in ledijus Ibstallmenls. Wemusthavefloggingabolished, >niTi»U>D made for surviTorB-and the widows andin the Deccan. This animal had carried off up- pretty MIbb Olivxb, and the arch and saucy Mist to ray, the progress of events wili oe ruide p.jb^io. wards of one hundred human beings, and the M< BIX WiLioB, were said to have realized the largest Tbe Jtfumai of Ou Ttgo SULieft the ouly ucwspai,eigleanings cannot bot provepay ctHisiderably ctaased, before the navy can become popular inpralonged armistice. True the Gaiibaldisns are fastaess. Who knows but that his nnerriug aim•ffkansTailob was there, and made a speech. FR03I CENTRAI. ITAI.Y.AAalrs In TnacBDy—InteTest Felt In tbe SIcIU iafi ReTolntlon—General NewatTroaOnrOwnOorraspondent, FLOaiBci, Monday, June 4, 1900.VRoyi 'l.O:>lB,iaDT."and taking Napoleons with me, have dlspoaad of them at a premium of 20 to 35 par ceat-will revenge other human victimsbut this What a wonderful career has been that of LsvE-timeuponnuman?writes, MayI amMay-wineIn abundance,anlplaatyofgooddestroyenshows vihat a soldier may do, and yetglad the sur-;Hunting-grounds of the Old IVin/rf, and is published by SACNOERSilt OrLBY. If I did nut know the man, I should cer-tainly believe it to be a tissue of exaggerationsfor Insrance, the Etories about GAaiDAUu'sFust. Gabiualhi had been taken prisoner oa theat such short coaservablsai. Tba FsaBial sightedw as made the subj- ct of much ridicale, aad mayHe hason tbe Danube, in the Crimea and in Anatoaa, and' His Excellency theIMien the lime caoie, tbe however,But he is no boaster.ofand tbeReverend Monslgaore De La itoiiciere has b^en diatiagulsUedThegrows by eating," says a time-honored proverb. So it rfiem and that tha ;description, onlyyet,ABomanfriendyou left Rome when you did, for atbeen in ac ion in India,gallerypicturesinEurope^perofMl.an.veryvolumes—tbe largest private library,the Ingour, and eveiy desperate service into whico sioverelgn. If be Is not dependent upon Inlellectutl -^Khe could volunteer. He his eleven clasps and a resources to solace life, as Princes are some.imesKlih twoand the other of Principe Romano, Tne appst'te of the Neapolitan frigats, who did not dare approach newspaper lepoits of the proca«dir<gs Iskull, ecutionoftheblindordersotrevenge. TaeBag notrewardhimhere,butdenieshimthebareboo.lloncurt.cessantly to obtain a ihiro glory—more grand, more— "of theWhat barefaced impudenre is theblood was orawn.with tlie Sicilians, and seeking aa opportnaity to re*embarkneither comment nor contradictloaliah Admiral does not appear to have been veryor of wearing the order bestowed on him by the!— stating that at Calatesiini, Alcano and Partenljo, theand "Routine" does yetis nlAiMontlgnare De 7.iisublime even 'Jian the prece^'lag titles,He labors in-patriotsvessels, which were taken, empty ani sinking, by thewould bepain, and to assist him to a milder climate, and Arezzo were not gratified with a sight of tne Sovereignhere confess that they have been dc-The remaiiis of Gen. Cisca, who had been boriad at30 were a few Gibraltar some years ago, brought opg^adfogies,the ease which, although unpurchasablu by a lull purse, cannut be known by the holder of an empty one. B<meniber, it is sickness, not extravagance, which impoverishes RuBe&T Buut'on.Messrs. Palmer Bbothcrs, of Newcastle, the builders ot two of the new ships for the G-ilway line, the Connaugh! and Leinsttr, are builnbg, it is said, three new large screw steamers for Messrs. Glass i Ellioit, to take out 6.000 tons of elec-befire, Tbtir city lies so near that portiea of theconcerned, as well asiespectful to theand a large funeral proceasion, amidst which 1 noticed a number of Americsa uniforms, conveyed them to their last Interment in tha Catiwdralout the contract made by those gentlemen. A curions inquiry is nowmeasure.of the Peninsula, as ihcy are to eveuts in ILjir par'. eats macMroni. What is the use of having a volcano More than one have sai J to me with oracular so. wotmded fifteen more. Then tlu poUee of Qis Hos-tric cable to India, to carrygoingthat Calabria 'isNaples conteotadlyccyondmurdered wltba knife sixpersons,aMrtaJying, tbe Prince Consort laid the foundatlan-s'ona ot aDramatic Oa the thar*aad gold bong wltb beraldlo viacs aad broKlered shields sasb as we see la old pictures of unmaiM&tt. Tae wtef aad waa foi^rles of the dramatic art presidedMrs.oratioa from au ecjles'ss ic canon, veryllitle of which could bemounuid a two by goldaa belt, eaekeltagibe tftietb of annivemryUi wa* to riidiiiiisblg.Mrs.MIeb Oliver, Hiss C. Sannders, Mist Amy Sedtnt!ck>g«w.)Letgh Murrsy,MissMurray. MltsNuville,heigtit supperttsg various long sions, large Lumber of mottoes aud seuteuces ex- streaming banners—rrVcutorad, ar^saed aad multfPolicestiuck you'h or elderly swain ?they call theta.anddlvinliles of tbe theatrical theocracy,nere "Old and English sportsofapproaciilngbeingable topastimes,"I say that Mr. Btjcxsiosx started an "Auntjeak>u>y againstNorth, aad tSjisiilBldeal. AMr. CoiiPi(,!f, aldelby Mr. F. Mattqxws, a'so kept an "Aunt Sally" store, which enticed many a mirtb. bestowed shilling from the pockets of tbe visitors, foitaii kingdom, If not of Italy, as andespec'.sai.O'i old Faiher Knloktrbitker.lar role has occurred the exceptof Nothing particii-sr?'s#>s? -f'f .- "*iP'EUROPEAN AFFAIRS. from Genoa under MuDtci, Co8I!«z, MALE«cn:si, varLlih wUl enable this nuisance, alike disa^ee^bla Tuican freedom, after tha lUgbt ot tho faithless Sov- to tbe rexewed bopea cf aa ItaH— W^fftum. This take tach a posMoB. A baadfuidf | AHABI and other patriots. It will, it is saiil, con- to paisenists Aad sailors, to be entirely dispensed •ralan. Neither of the g-eat batclu of Mageata or if conuBcasoralee by a large, beaalHiHlak of white Bents, Is other words, deelaie "AM gsist of 6,000 or 6,000 men, with plenty ol ammuni- with. ijnproveBeBta In machiaery, speaking tubes Sobeilao had tben been foa«ht, and ao ot>e could say marble, baadsoaiety laserlbed, aad art tatothe front be a traitor. One would whetaer•nwal IntcDigence flran Enr^ and and four steamers. My only fear is lest this between tionand Austria or Italy was to trinapk ia the strug- of the Airh towards the city.g e. A year has passed, and almost every eveat nas But to has been ato tlie caose of Italy. WbUr tbe pao- Milan—•little further off, that qcaiotest of mortals,i:aUelds, »bli:b bore the Eagle of Frahee aad Ibe WhiteWith so 8m%U a thing ftaa xtia.: "'.Small p'ofi'sIsland aud the C,!i.Uiieut,qnirter-deck,ff Jtme, the anniveraary of tka battle of Magaata. A vcarsgo to-^ay tbara was tha battla, tiwa tke Ana- trlaiis Barchad ost ef Milaa, and tka Fraacb aarahad complete camp equipage, and until Napolion the advent of the " mon ter," from tbe decks of soow (frortsof thehero which heaven has gl»en to the ts. '8o all day yesterday thay wase at wesk deoara- shall command it to stop. country. Aeplration Is now gladdened by asiuranea, tlBf the CaOiedral, (tar Boaday, as yookaow, la thasawhole Kirgdom of Naples, should put off its de-that steam-whistle In afogwill be aometbiog tarrlfie.ple here are once muretelligence comes from the souin of the Peulntuia of lie succetsei which almost hour by bour fuUo* ttieparture until too late. Decidedly the expedition has some very careful friends. It may wait for aCoLceive theto be seen by some appaled mariners, uncoaselotis oflu« jZt and«h« haage-d,diaM.and huge ship fog breaUag aUoitiDgthe;I saw Mazzuii last on the eve of Obsiri's exe- naall vesseL Tbere Is also an ezcelteat apparatus and the lentimest of gratitude Is stronger than tho Catholic eonatiJes Is revertscad no mora than any baste be " explalu." It Ur..,<j.^r -rfc itioD. He bad to do with that nothingfitted for lowering boats down the lofty sides of thefeellig of sorrow. I liavo attendedotber "ftsta," not evea as mmk as seoie of the lo>-plot,although his enemies said so. I knew Obsi.ni ship. The saloons have even Improved upontheirIwell, and he was not on too friendly terms withMazzuii, whse counsels he regarded with impa-at aU. Aad ao astilklag thraugbonttbeIacid,abakaltition or latterly. Do not suppose understandinganthan this to test her speed (airly. One c.nbujiiing upun the altar aud artiuua abuilt ^reat catafalqueup of armor and every military weapon, la thethe door a stoodthat I was in cognizantway of Obsisi's de-anyis said Sttlagto have broken his engagemaat witkbearlag this tascriptloBBare,Where Vavatm HI and Tictob Ekabdbi II,Covered with ihegloileus dust of Magenta, Rendered fkaiiks to the God e( Armies,Tbe pMipla of MUaa renew that byaavof thankstrial ofcharged wlih ovetatapptng tbe Uaiti ol bif iliaavigorously span Us IMa-signs of assassination. I knew Obsiiii long beforetractorthe Board. The Board now sonlalns all thehing'ag (rem the coiumus, and a great many Ul-ookuad flags woe tuspcaded iiom the ar.:hes of the save and from Iho roof. A Urge symbolical statne of Italy wasm|t arrest, *Cn Utt,km pretty expoeorea^af tbe Maaiaa^H syvtem. Theaccused,wboeondoctadblaaaad^hi* in Mantua. When I saw Maz-requi-power ofiathat the rates of insurance at Lla>d's are ao high-Forbloodhounds ofcaped, he has been reproached with cowardicewhose life no insurance office would guarantee terested in the stage world. At Maybury.near Wok-years past tyranny.FMelga Rale,he has mn the gauntlet of thetowardsttie altar. Toe head was upilitad Everytiaie efBut because he has es-— shareholders havecrown,pur« white palm of peace and laurel wreath.aaab^keeping their aiislv«fs«ry, in-many agree with the geatlemea irtospokes." Heir V. Bosataa Is deaooaoad ta tS* Pnissian Chambara aa worthy to bepristine appearance before the tmash. The theory of day, and have been gratUed and tmiff*s«cd wim the wkteh sarronads the Cathedral a praHntedIcolor* of Mr. OirxiiJoaishss been brought into playvery succcssfullx.The vessej's bottom has beam partially cleyied bymaanlng solemnliy and propriety of the ceremony. The great beantifa] sight Tke great etatral door of this aoat from Heidelberg,verybaUdlig was filled with people of aU classes. Tne m^•g&ifie<al of boUdto-cs was (ergaooaly diapad with light was pait.y &but out, and many caodies were festoons of erlaaoa velvet and goMea Mage. Overdefiniteeouflm af Itaa a ebord af.cenureofthechurch. BUck ware diapeilesi "Snakaa, Director of tbeof tiie arches, contained sovsral hundred vo<^alnstramental performers, wbo execated wub satisfac-tory effect misic arranged for the occasion. Afterthe mutle came a funeralof thehekrd, except by two or three tauu-aad more iA<r.Tea iitM of Savoy—" BupporteO" oy the trl-colors of persuBs, wDu happened to be witmu a hunlie i f et France aad Italy, and crested wi'h a haadsomecrown. Ia .'ronlof the Cathed'al were tea misu,Some orprecsmg tnougtat feeling ia barm'my withquitta],at last laaragradeofreceive tha honor o( a fnrrhllibl pim—kM tna tlMstudents of tbe BcrUn CnlrenltyiceoDmaBdaUoB of tbe Mlnistar ef Kdnattam, ttaEuropean vineyard. Tbe Prince may not be able -.obunt in the Boboll Gardens, but be can rile anddrive, and bowl and bathe, and play at bll iarjs, ana Tbese comic papers ai e a striking fe iture of the pres- «djs.) "After two days of glorious fijhtlng, thewait.That ac Ive man. with a thin ;>iy<'4ue, but acuteconfine themte.ves to cnoilsalltles, but their firs: pnge sources, GABiBAisi is Dictator of Sicily, and hasOorras^adeat. MM. Fine weather and hopeful spirits enliven thatbeful during the past year, is still competent to attend ing one large page fo.- caricatures, and the fourthbrala. Baron Ricaboli, who has made tiimself so use- to all. It is said that Kicasoli is about to wlthd rawday, stirring appeals, &,c.;lot tbelrlom the oince of Governorman or measure.Humanare acciistomed to call a and a robber. piratedays ago,States which IsIt was tnoughl more pruileiit, as far as Tiiscany isreadyto rise at iba firstsignal,T.ie wartheyIn tbe time oi the war ihey used to sayat a n;oment cl so much anxiety on hts pait,to abstain furItalians do eometl<lag for taemielres, and g-ies ofa thort time longer causing him new uneasiness.1 he Tuscans, in common with tbe rest of the ia-Naples ttan.habitants ofKoithemaretheir aoa La the Ssaththe awfulprecedenttton as much to what is quitem flime?—buttho celebia'.ion lur a 'ewfor such use untt: some otner faaction of the church, see something, and do something."* So too thlrik the be,- (if yob3:3 men ot good Northern education ;of troops from Verona. Anl toose great lubierly-contribution, and society will be thirakfu! to him Croce, and are regar>led with great reverence. Soaic them-tile terra-fima st etis—^nd every cafe seems fact are undermining Its popularity. The trutfifol-acertain restrictions, and except at tlic period jf di-be- cause the sanctuary of Santa Cioce could not be hadof IfllJ Soulherntosaiy adjourndays,aofbymakingeaoght him just as he was falliiig dai. ir.-n iijg the •^influential" gentleman's atte:npt to levy a tbe Tuscans who fell in tbe battles, are kept in iao'a locktng Germans fiU lie city. The streets are foil of Austrian sympathies and partial representations oBAIJ>I exposes his lilt; recklessly. man waseralanddi!<3gedhimundercover,self at he did so a ricochet ball against hisThe Garibaldians htve a few of Obsi.m's shells with them,which do feuful execution in close er.- countera. ButtherealbodyoftroopswhichdoesIf Mr. Lrtsr has act?rt utteily fala«,vtas fioished. Tivo Au&tilaus, fur keen lre!,li detachments they seadmgisloiuiidahlerival.'of the Augsburg AUgemtin, wtoioahotlathestreetjualbeforeblac. andCol. TCRB, with his disabled arm, seized thewith inutterlyrepudiatingandigni>r- moralcourageAA-f;^;"»„„„„a,/j,„„^,a j^(JAmmLDl Gen-steamer H. F.LAraa- l^^-^^'p^^j^jj^ g„penterreceivinghim- log-peo,)ledforclogvisions, to congregate, gossip and look on. T'.'eti-fain,Venice,bt-rallegations.•tblch Is ke:.jt at tnis season,brunso tablets, on which are Inscribed tne names ot^ejcurn-alalreviyMa[daedeilrra.and.-^^ ^^^^^ ^^^ ^ ^ ^^^^ ,^for s of its dirty work II there he any doing portion•-rvi:h in tbe charge, it will be awkward for Mr.Granducal Governmentits »'«'«'' her. on the May, tta wlih those hated officers, in their white Less and frankness of the SwUenttcke U seth frommast be excited tha hi? crciivi'y shonld have exceeded his unscrupu-Lnvr."!. whilst astonishmentUiit I am most unwilling to bel'.eve thatlo-jsne.^s.there isnowever,thatth.-Committeewassilthigyesterday niesconntctedwlilithecommtmorationwithoutbeing already appeared, it displays, as mtgb: "je» Jp '""* ^anyTuthinBo^waln C.byenllgbte-e^ -'-"^ Oi»biiK«.}BerrgforBostont»morrow.V ears tliicc, the latethe exirrme feeling of patriotism whicn this•an was exciting in the minds of tne people, caused the tablets to De taken bom tbe cnuroh ana throivnto becoats,f< r all their yellow heads, they a-e a resolute look'ng The official paper of the Society It the " Vcche^ set-and so are the Germans—they lo-ik as if they sciirift des Satiimalverems," wiiose fifth numv:; hassecuig annirerofthe Certain It "s. into oi,e ol Ibe fon/t £>es, and the religious ceremo- could stand any anioual beatingcharge. abolished. hurt.„,fhave Sta-.es,androporteafordutytoCapt.Dtaaia.Inltcd are to ar- Lieut. Rixu. and Purser BaowB ezpeetadrive here b¥ the 5th of June, when tbe Sast JmMf litoiTiHor Madeira to join the Alrtcaa Squsgwa.WooMAan booM as taradded la goesOn the last cccasion, the chrirch was cleared by a tl©nenaethelightingcolumnoftheimmortii]Hav.^- The*:r»atEiuiem—WbathaabeenDoneto ciouaviolationofthemostsacredfeelingscfapeople regardlcgthetwtaersomeAustriancurrency,and Cohnrg.those two steamers, numbering about as many LOCK in India. •• Ad epic poem could be written"n'l.-gation.College.Corrtsfoniltnce cf iht .\iu- Vor'. T-nrs.l-DSI;.}!?, JniM, 1660.i' '' '*''"''fuffItreachery andhe wlU beforhim. Aaspect,-'-'--the stroBgsst Vennsa State whieb dares tothe Intrtg-aes^got upthe Timts " Correspondent, about what '.hoand women were dropping tears ever the graves of oiothers and sons, slaui in toe defence of their coun-Sai dlnl£ ts Fiencb.) lt,M'as a simple remark enough,T'^i *v. reto, and its,"""r^'^sa cClouslrstanciofth.VHE PAPAL ABanr. Gea. l-aawTlclare'a PaaWan-Thesaya1,0C2 Italians and livebut was received wl'.hsuch " Bravos V"not loud. hich never goes fur- V B»"a.»- "^ -'«'«'•»">'during these ion -.ntuty .jjyatry, the power which ruled ibem, s;mpathiz'i:gthe enemy gall Italiana and deat/oyeo the liberties of their couatry,at the of tbe from tlie sjnr.- drove them point bayonetThe people yielded with a forbearan'-.e wnlch »on lespect, but the act of indlgoity, not less barbar- ous than cmel, tank deep into thair hearts. Last >«sr tie service of commemoration was once more rccewtd, aid the monamests restored to their places.Hungariansdid in Sicilyout three or four big bearded felloivs who deep," byJl*''^' f^;i-'.%^ef MTa'^APi*- tho AimT-scrryoijt jnuch longer.that neither have greataUianc.can holdliU^in the atar of GaribaldiitUif aad intervention may prove too much evena manifesto de- heartharitis already threat to be treason » the Con. one of these fine morningsKdMMMsecond ezpedi'Jonhow they fought they bore fatigue. Itnader \^a Camiaaad-Fallare.takena» ay as q-,:tet as a iainb. Though, in trutli, there isIl«. „„aTne Grrat Eastern isevery Si'ilian was ready io do tbe thousandth thereaboots. The ship really looks likelodicaUons -ou•M'^Ul^i^e"^^y^^i„ Germanafl^alrs,how they marchedat thoto hearment. Her funnels, look less;butia atKiut tothisfederaUoB and to patriotism,the thrown in bis way aaMth impediments;thanHaaover, b.;o» UiatProssia ""announcedpart of what they did, there would be no more now. A line of white laint round her tikes oir from"».*»^^,h.jwfighting required."Id the meantime,! am.^^r the 2Sd or ^.a-golngtcasFla ta Ro»r«anlae ilWiRUahonifnTames.;to inquire imo thehci^Her .^ppouriiace—The Dramatic heen perpetrated by any Government, Wulla men ssid,''It o'lghttobo French." (The current coin ofter coIBn-l:ke appcarai,, e, and is a greatThos the world moves in Italy. The HUueie— gay as Fattalsns, busy as Mew-Yoriiers, are not be- atndtheags. One sees many fine, soldierly fellows of the National Guard, and the enriona roll of t:ieThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069in her pr«ent ""o'^.e^ to «.kto retain their lndep.cd«tceIt is more than a month^inpro-,-«. loo, fonerea! than they did, being paints a sort of Quaker- like color, and ahogetker the vetsel has a comfortaSle and cheerful wli!;h she oouid sat before boast. Tfasre oil'.» do»a been In hii place, and ask anyonetuary.T^^^^ Slates wlU course, the smaUerRon, Wednesday,Paradise !—to be. The cares DevU" "Political asihoppor" "Oil Mail"—is usually given to discnssioos of tbe news of theaiieady called upon the Inhabitants to testify by bal-at Tbe war with Morocco prtentcsntaining short, pithy and often very funny littleand when Gabiiiau>i comes toa num- and its mark, it Is ablueandtuwcolored mus'-acliloE. But pants, waytotheapprcballonofthepublic.wlUiwho had taken the lives of these ant stood by. that I was quite aback, and went Kth"er".r wo.Jsf-lbe beardstart be DO holystoning of her decks; but repeated ecats ot h-);fs. Thoee were tie first moments cf ronewel propriated by the Bapebnrgs, haa bean re-dedlcated inUntitled Documenti --jmggi^^^jichurch tonelT slgtM aad taars with warm bet still tremhimgdrumsThe "Arch of Peace," raised by BoaATAaTE. and ap-aad denouncing withT.-ie-leopleflocked in crowds to themiag'.emaymoraiag and evea^g.agalarthim.tbathawfllblaaslf:ioneedofsuch^strawb"toshowthe Kind that blows at Venice.tendencyoftha^^, ,,p,„^^eacb.•aliigstretchingtional Guard thoseand ftouthwestern angles of tbe triangular isi^tid are vrncKSsion, aad tha 24ihaBntversary of the battle of S.i'enso will also be celtbra'ed with popular re-FiotuoH & Co., who bave takea for Maateba portion of the Papal loan. Tbey advartlae tbattbty are ready to receive EUbseriotioBS at jmt,The firJt brfo'* ofthe College was laid on tbe 23d of April, Ijy Mr njw loan atUiude of independence of the Bou,3on Joieings.rule. It temaiiis for thatpontcn of the Isimito-IOTA,second and third form-desire to be united to theKingdomof North-Spsnish i>eopleat an end, OanOA and his conspiracy forgetteai ferias, toros and balls have taken their ptaceo, and seem to answer better for a substitute ttaa tbe dlaaai thought of the last war.nquibs at this or tliatthat anytblng Is finally determined upon. Tne Prince UABiBiLSi and Sidly, Roman dlsttiibanues, Vene- the King to Sicily, has the power, if necessary, to Spain is tranqall, everybody appears to be happy,fhere,but I do not hearpublicIt is said that Labza, the alter ego recently sent byIt isexpected, will beforeatian and Sardinian discussions of the anticipations,the Constitntion ofunderand the glowing fire of a fatore growth and laaval- tude of their country has animated them to sncb aa extent that they pretend to calm one of the principalgreat whilethe ornament of tbe Pittl Palace. When tbe Kl.ig hit here in Apii:, he promised to make another visitIB the tooDth of September of the present year, anl it may be that not until tbun will the young priaue be .niioductd to the Tuscans. Tae Innabi.aots olCasisnako,prnclslm tection.1812, eighty years old,English pro-waya ihe Sons of Gi-ivani.i oa Procldathe NeapoiiUrs a>sett '.neir rjg->t to t>e sons of Mas- leivedanlellot Is not Naples ashimed al^ravs to disao- kind of sympathy wiib the herolcdeedseveaof aman point the expectsUons of Iraly ? How many oppor-'.UDllicS lo-t in a slnifle jearthe B;.u:bons •xemb.e le*i Napl«f arisetip:-.-.B. aad —but Naples'nititnvan !ihe.'Cis now no help lor it, Booibnowe will be glad to see them free ;"aBd now that Tus- cany, Emilia and Slelly are by their own exertionsone of the Teraan Moros, having beeaanddoiie for this time—and the A,i>Ni<cian>« write that Na- plr s 1« Lo lonser ueld. and the telegraph announcesYesterday,s-ureAndsoifcr'y go, all over the country, Isuling S;cily.almost deifying Gabibauii, acd poking it into pool cuniinueto bu made in UQeral sum-i, aad Naples at a terrible rate.Ibelieve in statuS'lence ul changes there taking place upon niti >nalI''attheone day different.telegraiasand the weL'are of the whole of than tj Italy,citementtradlcttng tbe other,from hardly anybne eea- sews from that;i.utquiily p-omenadesthe fa-hioniErle Toleoo, ReioiuIFrr^niKAMi) Isenraged atbrethren, and naturally hstiirg CartstiaaltyTM&ads* those next to him, aiMl tiefore help could be proeaiad*'.those;wneu 'aIi,andboM in offeel aday pleasurableof sooM eisUeesant inAnd reallied theirkfgbeat hopes."^ 1aadflight of steps to the street, was a baasdfol eaaopy of crimson and white ds-farioarofdevlee. TheInteriorwasa:sohung, aad ai aa early Boar Its "Ions -drawn aisles aad fietted vaults" rang with music as thepiMlBwaics the mamis Umated, to be Uberateo, ana tne object of Gaei-BAi si's dashing euterpilse, so far as Sicily i^oi.- iDtereat Felt la Ga*lbaldl>a Bxpedltlon- Tbe dlffeiexce as to be charged to tbe ptoty of tbaland, upon wnieh t.ie city of Mes .jut•U# craiy day!and Lord Da Ros, did bis nart of tbe busineasand read a short and pithy reply to the address whi^hMr. WsBSrxB pronounced on the occa^i-on. Tnemir'bardfunoftbeasierob'agewerefast,ifnitfi- thelaptrtantpositionofMessinamaytwtaemost ijioveranteat—MlareilaaeaaaIncelllseaee* su)>scrlbe'neatly,lious. If a sad thought lotrnded, It was tbe ab<ca,» clffienltpartot all to soceed :a, out ths daily iiuj-of poor Albskt Ssiitb, who might well have been the*e mtciiDg recoDices of Uia revolutionary geuersl wil , ies, black and puH'y, filled with maggots—these bat for a neglected revula, and consequent iofi im- without dcubt, enable hi m to arcoa-pilsh tt. As regu-perserrec, will be accompUstaed. Getting i»\6eST)-. of t^e'DtlmcBts of Germiuay Falaebaeda af the Munich peoplebe estaSlished bet*een theiiitelllgei>ce of the progrers of the liuii;;ec'lon wili be mare frtqueatly received. We abai; x;«c; tc hear srxm of the pirblicatlon of a jonrnal at P,x:ermo wbli h will o« tbe meciam through which, 'roio dayibis salary in gold from America, exohucaa it far Austrian pafier with such profit as to p^ bla bonsa* rent without touching the real araonnt of btalneama. I do not mention this from a desire to speak of Ida Major made out the remains of twenty-three amounts by selling oranges at 2s. 6d. each. I should piibted In the City uf Naples, has not yet prin'ed n ihcuitous route. I may plead as an excuse (or not private roncems, bnt only to show how moeb pnttby foielgnersfeariully sickening sight, but it is not to be com- ceasfol. Each of these stalls made about fifty pounds ^toig within the domlnlona uf the King. AP. rvfn in Bavaria the topic of most engroolng interest reectva their money from abroad. I, myself harapared to the work of those human tigers who cru-of the slain, and the in- cified their prey under the Police Palace at Pa- during the day. Of course, Mr, or rather Capt Tumis the expedition of Gaubaldi. The price of beer, traveled a good deal In the Empire since the' wtitlermo. The Major has taken his departure to join Gajubaldi. His eye is aa true and his hand as steady as when, alone and unaided, he sought out the " man-eater," and killed the brute, mangy with his rich living. In the centre of his own junglethat scamp, Locis NAPOLtoa," theAflTalra In Milan— Ctartbaltll—Celehrailoa ef Mascata.From Ont owu Uorrespondent. Milah, June 4, 1860.25 ":presentOne is reminded, by seeing a gigantic poriiajae loundlug bills are filled wlib fighting. General Lau- No one can be dissatisfied with theand Thrpioceeds of tbe tale of tlekali i singing.SOMof the kingdom of What woold tocratic pretender, who has approached witlua in tbe King's livery, at tb« deacof tbs Titti Paiao* oiicisaa, whom you saw hastily leaxiog ParagiatWaa Inr are various to° suit the most open air, tbe free slai^g bi>da,aad ttepttriotts!It<:ampevening paper.<*evoted lo the Arndt nxuaximeat, aad yet, aawere tbe authorltlaa Icat. oader tba Infliirii at mmNaples." souLd of cannon shot fired in TheIB cbirllj kt«>wn (orhia sportinc works. Ho c-iQ of tne S3vere?gn, keeping up a sort of qucllfied aa- of w bat troo>M he could muster. T-s roada a,e ^ot 17 the riove.iicient in tbelr regular liberal tone might creep Into the fesUvai, ttat ItaerMiglliidthia be but to rob the hero of his prize, vic- anger.MajorthatPiiae*CAaNsuse Ik atUlthere,a* thrK'-oottnsat a*» to Im^« Rome tbey eaonghob.'fged quite suddenly at rbu bead opposite desires. The wholesale lying carried oa recollections cf tbe mncta-loved Natlanal Fast, a.1^^, td its fiTrt»s, *Stai m&nkiiid of their gain wifcld the p«ii as wcU as ihe sword and the rifle. agents, dispatches W*thepn-uuunudovicfilloftbesanguinaryHislastbook,whichIhavebeforeme,apariiii,j lonomyf,>rTuscany.Tbereislittleornothingforbomscle.Telatellsitso»nstory,aaditisurelabieTOthecourtssfEurope,haspassedtheoolntoftheaboatRomewas beld la atbe last dodge ofacd audacious presumption of Prussia, and the new loanactually decided not to sing nay sf Anattt smg: Aa the Prince to do, aad he would be liVoly to vote ll'e one. The peoole of Tuscany and Lomotrdy .'egmd rHflcnlcoe, and become absolutely sublime. Take, Amit fest without <in Amdttitd ! Everybody laoghedLAMOaicuRX with amiable dt sires for Ins v/elfare, as well furnished with means for enjovment. Taere is witness the following which Icut fi'cm a comic pi»-»ith all he had not been staid awav ra'hcr tnaa tfaeeipeiiiuon. Then,courtenaiioe sach a h^e-Iknonnto be, tbere are the yet unexbaustsd vaults ot ibe Rfggia, flowing with the liquid trloutes of everytitle of C'nteitibtie, '^oeheve,ofaaytitles—new ones.Atthe same momentthebassy in Turin declares that the insuriectloa is com. pletely crushed out.ernItaly.NeapolitanEm-Savoy question, form now the staple sub-mo, papers glory GAaiBALOi, ap- Had the Government removed .\jossa, Ma^iscalco BceTiu.0, Captam-General of the Naval forces, ar-Nice andHe Isbuthe willfrom another MilanesePufra and tols ^ian o^ Stone leems a'/'-^:rvi^''TMi* oaat vny ttiaaga, hp a^a, thattceririodirdtooldaoiniiaadentaadbU! Baaat at the serrloe la Santa Ciose to- portant ones !) This morBlac, Hum, the largo square only did not aiaia what people ttlak, bvt be lad aaprojeetlBgoverthe breadaad see Mmwbksb had giowa laeoaraaliBUy bat presenca." ,aeeonpanted by8ot4an deUa gftramS" marched in to bear>'iy«iMier(wbam soltoa Te Deum chanted far the dead of Magea- This done the city was alive with Wbea theproving to have some positive signifioanire by taeare in joy.tMablUhed in Palermo, Mfh the troops ot the Klug ill tke air thousands of tri-colored flags,- and ad the national tbeof Naples oilven rut of Noto. Syraou;e, C«tau'.<, throogh the dey every street and alley, everv housecities,ly Protestant Fius»ia,and asufiicient to make one c rafidem colnis. Tee people aere 'broad dressed ia holiday FojM. There Is a pcdnt, however, Iwyoad wbiebaDefoie the Italiansof Italy also will be masters in tlielr own bou^e. To ptfes's who with thejr cncked hats, long coats and his feaiB. That point Ues somewbere near tbeloDgyouund their rolleagnes, six montlis ago, the revlral of rived hcie a few days ago in the frigate Princess* da f»ticaturlst,''L'6'brRo tbe Constitution of 1812 might now be a feasible mcas- Astiaias, and waa received with (oud ebeers aad bar*gr-BphIIIsader. peoplecru-:spl:ethemsalves, theyaaimated F«:The articles are contributed, v'-fy-'- f*"' L,'^greattalent,K Tbe lamons "Heldclbe.-g ''"^f?"" v5^«'ve."^broad permaal^brru.h /<.r«*«rwze's of Heidelberg publish:f^etbyli^'The ArtiM'sof tbe Holy Father matters, ordmarily, of great near Monlch, on the 20th inat. The King aad Qneea'fvery affable, two extempore theatres, a daadng floor, ba« aadif cusslon—have faded for the moment from that were there,brave navyKingtbatGAaiaAUi4tadds,iadlagMadsheet of hisIs pnt into his haodt.tbemselvei scuttled theirnaaaa, states th? t the Insurgents bave ouarreicd aouagtbas- selves. accusing one another of cowardioe, &a; aadfollowing:(afterj»ay,token prisoner, but he aad bis ship had been sunh.1'hf n, the two ships were csptured and destroyed.b'jt Gabibilsi was not on board.' TQe truth finally gramme, amid tremendous applaase, with " Wkat is * appears, that the two ships sailed through toe midst Ihe Oaman's Fathertaxd?" Tbls is omitted la tbelappota tiutmtl1but Io from all parts of theProtestantbe aOxed to the "" Dedaratka." Tm-aSZSmm'quartered and burnedver Itself shows symptoms of dlssgeetfciiL lahighetdrcles,is to be.ttfNorfli, aad ft«M Sutes, oooie tboosaads of ^MMili»themselvesorder on such an occasion. After tbariU alExchange,gtajiat.-i 5....«^_----SStoand at the time ofwhile the loan bt Paris goes begging at20 cent, ttlow far, aad ialliheCap?. Taoaas nosiin ha» lately arrived fcouiarsof Flag- Officer ImiAii, and the sloop- of-warPi/rCnnau/Ji,(;ommanderJoBBCalboO.isw. May30, ^since LAaoBicixBBhereandyoo Whereupon a complete failnre, md »atwho reaide In mai Aostiia,;] —^^^i'-^'-•• •"— '"t* iir"'—-"'-*"ittiiiiilii'iWJIiwww.fultonhistory.com I'Tiin.