 «If ington Market property to the City was de- it raises this sum by taxation, the Republicanjority.are resolute in their adherence to theRepublican liberty.Jacobs,upof the South away, "for-s ^ 981f|t|Mi^g[n^QgnBSDOMK'Sthat be to the inaugura- proposes preventof thewhen overtaken by a cruiser fastens down her hatches, so Jacocs calls upon the South to"while she alears the decks for action."i li.llil"*"*regarded beingstreets,expense What laCity requhredatIs the^^^^1^^^ifettt-Bonr„M_Mk, « ^(xvTOXKnMX>(IMIy>>l *«l)tUii«dDouglas. Mt.Itaih* TiaM BiOtlaf,CnoUag thi Oltr NmhibMto.demtood to be friendlytoJudgea the contract. If theUnion as a bad job.AdaAMar II*jra*-r«r* ^HBli • wwk. Bail** Sis Dauxn • TMT.Xk* mtW'TOBK TUKS (tatf•irMkIr>-Tnra Doir; ifcordingto barter therightsexcintiTB to coosptrmoebtabalnylbaadtaraodA,right eangrpa^"'Xba HXW-TOBETUUS (irMUr>-T«ohavingquestion. He is strongly im-thetnatraai*— u « CiH* a/ y«OT>«nitaVTheConnecticutElection.might "Crowned heads offorto onesddnMforTwDRDoum.^ny theLecomptonmaypromisesuccess.investigatear iMn, wiB *< «h- INTWrt Tni OAUVOBinA to pabllili«d «th*The have carried Connecticut— Republicansby a very small majority to be sure, but withU r«mm»raii<»;foMyear, wUak* sumlalnelfeetafpecIaltaxtothatamoaBt- aqaaSr whether the aocaHedfranchliea be to QMtaO-««Hrtwaa<«n(y]bUMMMr. •ilttftritoll* ceplaa.Tl— rlirtliHiUlilj linTiniil^lliitl afliliriaait la Ika PabUabart UMW-^rSsrymm. Maw-TarkCtty."HniO'a 8ASDKf-«iiro'Kam»-TA»u» nr—BuJUT im« »**—•a decided in ascendancydespotlim chantingrequi-Than were npoited to tbe Senate bills or- gtaUiif the Territoriea ot Anzona and Colorado.adopted.and at the stated place and hours for the same, musttrouble in all settlingadopted.the Man in the pared to Febnando in«^ythiag tiiat constitutes style, title, calling, quality, and very naturerests, caie neithertionary Committee of that county. Whan thethat law of thehwlyeasyforourinestab- Barope,''T^If^^f'^ rat to the"nd, tlwB,eqatv».mwill nevMimtnrned, noargumentuneoforced,no andthatallitwaseverintendedtodowastoPiloa, In vnpWn. fthe Democracya;" quotations from the Declaration of Independ-"In a sea of blood," and pictures of affectionatenAT.T.«TtT--»»Mr.»».« -Wmatea*.'!FanOauibtMr. Cobb has been generally—tiifluence whichcould success.us cleanstow away her free negro population below, Norne Homestead bill of the House was aallMno at the mstanee of Mr. JoRasoK, of Ten- interest,class,a great speaker. He liad more force and vigor ot the realdelineatingfc Oa.'tTiii« Of Fjjsmia*.and never are theypurchased or <bavlngflds'l(TsryStbphhjs has very greatiitonlyanystreet or avenuefor hours twenty-fourto have made their mindsthat AaMtTwr; twoeoiilMioMwaddnMSbrRTBDoLuxi. BccHA.NAN saw fit to wage upon;if he fails for a week, theLong not be socenU, dollars.laDoluss k yaw: t(ao«»iu to mcaddnnlM Tram Doluu;andbyanymeans thatCouncil shall^mQllonsBaaae, who niged its passaiie, and was followed the least misrepresent the Tribune's proposi-logicisrepqrtedirontierB and so ;the without opinion, endanger tkiRepuHiean Mupremaej in this difficulty,—" ofdirect legislatioii.greatertocallStateCt^TepOiona; aadUaacttoKwas mentsinsupportofsuchascheme, tliatisto feredtosweepthewholeCilyeverydayfor w^d,adeepandgrowing(jdeofttwncht,to duUiinlookingii»rspeoiallaterMftan^auch as to conyinoe Mr. Cobb that he could say, he is blind to bis own dishonesty.*' He $300,000 per annum. Thli contract will prob- the "pTOgranune of action " befaro him, we It may levy apeoU taxes ta repteaiAlfiMX no longe>)r,be a oandldatie without danger of vvUi probably be surprised to hear that anybody ably give a larger sum for one-third the ser- cannot now set forth. SuflSoe ii that on page faaosted treasury. Let tbe StatellrSDKEBDAT, AFBIL 4, IMS. dividing and distractiog the party. He refuses to be instrumental in doing this, and thereforeWITfi A SUPPLEMENl withdraws.' The issne was substantially betweenCBB NBW-TOBB. TUCKS. Cobb, as the representatiye of the Administra- tion, and Mr. Stipbkhs, who is generally un-thinks there can be any doubt about the pro- vice. 7 of his oration, Jacobs overtakes hia pro- what lands in New-To(k belong to it,-priety of robbing Railroads rather than incur The speciBcalions next authorize the City gramme, clutches it, and unfurls it to the world. Hah its titie to, them, —SenatorM* 'V'edtobeciargeiUinextesseftis 9mbu^tk* mr-'the IlUnois dared to differ from him onprivilege 'tlirowlngat thef«e of fivepre^ed, moreover, with the fact that the nom- inatioaof DouoLas is the only step by which;canThe issue on this point was not verr openlyandMr. Cobb closes his letter by urging the dutylishingescape defeat next FalL „„^ made, but it is understood to have entered ac-tivelyinfluentiaUy— will do." They have acUeved a victory ofannul'ence;visions of thesun of Liberty settingof union in the party for the purpose hf de-COOH- ieating the Bepublicans,' if this can be very"And all ehaigei for such work, ner a;id aiaw the amount that tie a/oresaid contractor would have b*s» entitled to for tie same, together with such other ex-ladlesble slaves wiUi "tears of heartfeltneeds a milUon of dollars, tlMia la ao reaaoaritoaldbecaBiilbotedby-tha mm natefaaals,whrtt hinii i^Govenunent if possible, ourselves at least, Tiri*T»K Tw tmuMok or A Foas from the dishonor and ruin which would^IlAvm. ziDrrsTBZAtn-CMiBBBiws.——TBXATRC—Uioia To>'B Oms—:thankfullyirAlIiMK<a Ttm^ium,'ant BOirXBTIbHM Ooen—VoLtaus.—jUBltllira WTSXON Atanooa—Tntheir ownown organizatioa, and their own candidatesaaiiU MieoM aiiMaaoMW^lliwrwiDcreaslsg theHAIX—HATH HniBTKiu. nreB^mjacr-NaK~iKMdw«T^MoMi.M^nflimv—Ta> Amubmi u-for the benefit of the coatractor.they were drawn up by the very parties who fungus" of firee-negroism. Aa a slave-ship la that the streets and avenues are«- ,^,means towhat iUs wordsim-ofMarylandto be the immediateInBut Uie peculiar Injsattca ta the preaeatfidlow ^thethatheofffromancoessfnlBlack Bepublicaa Administration."BtaAsau. guage is a little mysterious, and inay mean much or nothing, according to circumstances. We should like to know whether Mr. Cobbisrunningthersay,apparentlydestructioa mildew and in— grantingoraeUlsgUdarighttolevyaapaciaita^Winto the canvass.majority. well,norsowideaaaehurchdoor butitAnd if the Common Council decide tothe contract, the work neglected may be relet.done; and, "faiUag there, of saving thea decided effect upon the action of both politi-cal parties at their National Conventions. It penses, losses, Ac, that wotild have tieen incurred bywin encourage the Republicans to rely with tbe City, by reason of said forfeiture, shall be charged in such bewildering brilliancy, at this point, dlent to grant monopolies to any paiaiiiigin at •ply,tion of a Republican President iTone should beThethis battle at someplenty of money, a vigorous and effective or- ganization, and plenty of speakers. They left noProbablyexpect to get the contract under them.quite certain, at all events, that the proposed"excrescence, blight,m*Haumok member of the Cabinet taking such ground asconfessed, fought had«rpurchtaed, gtadad, adjacentelected.It vvould be a littlesingular to see aIt isandpavedattheexpenseoftiethe hypothesis that tbe owners are tbainaugurationThis lan-tieand will, at the same time, teach the Demo- saidfoifeiture or amaUment of said contract, after tiewith such a ment, and nbttce thereof, aa aforesaid."subject,"Mr.of,Godwasonce roast- supposed'torequiretheItekHmr, Hnm«#MBStos aid vTtBlac—PtIm Tn Onm, Hrrad »t 113< party throughout the State, and has never lies in the fact that politics have taken the alter notice in wdtmg, he shall be fined $5niMt.- It is asserted, and withtiiis.as a sensible and conservative man,—asmuch less under the influence of Southern unused, promisearrangementgiveof theDltiaism than statesmen from the same section. But these expressions in his letter seem to show that he either cherishes the same absurd and irrational ideas of pablic right anda dozenNEWS OF THE DAY. oth^r Woodtomaketheirspeeches,andit mustbe half, persons expectthis, like all other business, open toThis there pthiciple adm'tted,<Kr. QmM*M, of IQaaonri, anbaequently introdoc^ duty with them, or else he affects to do so for whichthey espouse.assuredMayor week,Woon'sthat His Honorla- To anl^airleMntioDa saggestiDg cliargaa against WiixfAMiifHi¥.¥., ComptrolleT of the Treamry, the prin-t^al ndademeanor being his refasafto adjust anaceonnt with the contiactots for ttie y«ta Craz taa liitherto enjoyed.pocketW^ waoldkaan, notwlthatandiDg an act of Congiess ditecting IJBtodoso. Theresolntionademandedthere-hadheardBenyer,EoyerCollard,DeLamme-illus^iousWe have not, indeed, arrested the mis-oflCr. Hbdill. Kesolntioaa providiag for bainfing the Japanese Embaasy to thia country a—probably perpetrated, simply beeaoMmptaleeforce and execute thoae and such other needful laws on the subject, must hewill bethe members of tbe Legtelatnre, with whomthe paymeat of ezpensea to be Incurred in ponent, tbe Republican Party in this State is inHugo, Brougham, Palmerston, Gladstone, Dis- eartiied the cruel parents of Casper Hauser, throughout the State, towanadjnatment of American claims upon Paraguay. strained to look about for some^^li?'^^!'.^"^^1°*![/?f'*of the Continent and ofof ofnoknownThe House bill In regard to new cODtract* for a daily overland mail was re- femd. A commkaion was ordered for the—system stragglers and strangersespionageapoaallat home. In either he case,PreMnre of Poitr latensti.If the 7Viit<ne may be regarded as its Ex-to all its Interests.poUtical purposesmust forfeit something of the public respect theThe Original Jacobs.was clearly and immistakably the foremost At last we have laid our hand upon one of must not be allowed to return on pain of being sold clvlUzed State.give away tidsveryposition.— not one of ttiem could for a moment be com-for. AcloseawkwardIt is to compeUed"raters, bothcor settled the authorship of Junius, nor re-in somehonestly for fear of losing votesEuropeantliis,vealed the true features ofraisemoneywayand dare not doimustt>ethe normal condition of One of the most prominent of the Staiawhich it can rob !Jacobs.itself, this achievement is not, perhaps, par-wlUi aIf thefoUowing,yes-than Bright. Itthe uae ofeverlwen higher waa in 1857, when it was three mills, and the RefubUeans lott the Btcte tht next year in con-speculation, he is ne doubt as interesting asD'Ubban and Gtdlai lean legislation, mightsolnngAt the same time, he was un- Slate; and yet, even if we abandon the completion of:so it is con-for thepublicjustice.That we do notiaand of"mupdtf to lisve sals fliator someThis is "an inferior race—officers representing pelitioally the|butprovided Iron Mask. But we have discovered the observed."the decision of the mattereeH theriskoflosingRepublicanvotes. Theglory Inspectortodispensewith street-cleaning al- Itisaprogrammeworthpondering,notonlyby thehighestbidder, aod thea, perhaps,itwtB*"ing heretics, the plunder of their pos- account of tbe weather." Then comes a pro- despotism abroad which ja plotting our des- the people.whensessions. The doctrine has not died out of vision to enforce compliance with the terms of truction." Jacobs begins by giving ,«p theof andthe human heart. It has about as"The Northern people, ac-'Tbe City BaUmd Bratem.now ascountenanced the bitter warfare which Mr. place of religion, and party is now the divinity he fails twenty-four hours longer, he shall be theinfluencewithhisholdwhoseever had. Theglory is to be promoted at all hazards, fined $25stonelarge. ri^oforganus,last,not be allowed.Free negroes going out of the Statea monstrous fraud,Our correspondent puts the whole caseDemocrats,itmustbe disadvantage. TheyBut then Ihey had Gen. £ushiko and Mayor place ofan enormousjq^in the hands of acliqnemost the work be done negligently. "Jac(ws laportatloo done at the lowest rates at Vhlch ble partiea will do it, asd to attain IUsi^ho to make y"conceded that both of these gentlemonf eloquent and powerful as they may be, are quite as apt to damage as to aid any causeished. A tmlversal pass system mast beEmancipation by last will aad testament, or by anyother meant, must be prohibited. Negro worship,except in the assembly of tbe white congregatioD, jnatlce to all traveling thfoagfc flie Ci^, aadorator in the world. The writer of the article the most "obscure" of modern Into Slavery for life. No free negio to enter the State,undera.likepenalty. Negroesmustnotl>sBQOrrr. verythan BBOtTGHAU, moreand culture than"vengeance. despotism of earth, plotting the destructionof both Houses—strong differenceeach branch of tbeLegislature. Their candidate for Governor is some $250 a week by leaving it untouched.—as aare to be or the remimeraiad,S.confidence of auponprinciples,their*and return with him to his results. Thewhich would with not," It is not so deepmarked —one which will tiave importanceeoiqpaidas,glvaa to %t CUfofMew-Toifcelected by 517probablyno NorthernState,atea alao as a prohibition pro tmie ofin an able and telling speech by Senator Wukix- the80I, of Minnesota, who also sustained the tion,maaanrn The Hoose surrendered itself to poly- terday, will showgaaqraadkKonnonisni,Mr.HcCL8BXAin>,off111- "Ifwearetofintahthecanals,paytheIntereston seemstrangethatthisoratoricalwonderofboth cairnandspaciouspagesoftheNotesXartd please. The chapter of "Grave Police therebbanyfocmdationwliateverforeach nod; opening tiie day with a set speech in opposi- our debt, and keap the wheels of Government in mo- hemispheres should have not carried so smiU Queries than in tiie close and crovfded Offeaces " in the Austrian code is rather a opinion, it is very easy to see that neiflter tbs tUb'tothep<mdiogprohibitorybill. Mr.Lauab, tion,wemustraisethisyearoverfivemillionsofdol- >>.StateasConnecticutovertotheDemocracycolumnsofadailyjournal. ButtheOriginal dilutionthanadevelopmentofthesystem rightsofourcitizens,northeprfoc^esofjos- al IDsdnippi, was in favor of the bill, as was also lars. If this sum Is raised by a direct taz^ a tax of hisHr. TJLLi.aiiDiOBAii, of Ohio. Hr. Koeli. urged four mills will be neceasary. I sat year the tax was jna . vafftoty of reasons against it, which were two and a half mUla, and the only year that it has all his power, Fibnando is lamentably lacking a curious idiosyncracy. As a mere subject for in execution be equal to Jacobs in cess, against a franchise worth to samdodg taoathenaa by the arguments of Mr. Eeitt, ofBooth Candlna. Mr. Thatxb, of Massachusetts,waa fiHrpaititioning Utah between tbe two pro-practicewasrejectedbyasmallmajority,buthiscasewas the&ce. HawanyRepablieancanhesitate,wedonot New-Englandinverymuchthesamelanguage peopleoftheSouth. Itisinthiscapacitythat enabledtofillthebarracoonsofCubawithnew thegranteecanaffordtopayagoodprice forof Hr. Clat was before it, it—question denouncingKingsyearlyWe cannot believe there is any Senator repre-that be has discountenanced the radicals, and that senting a Repvilican District outside of this City who which he would employ in Alabama or New- he deserves our attention. The voice of bozales, and to keep their royal selves in rum. votes. Now, a legislator who discards all (Us,he advised them to leave the State. If attacl^ed, does not know and feel that if he votes to Impose a tax Orleans. Jacobs is as the voice of many boiling waters "We will take Jacobs at his word assiuae that and acts according to the public interest, losesto be again considered on Monday. He asserts see.the Bepublicans will defend ^irtlhiselves to the last of three and ah&ilmmB,kedigshis political grave'. Let Considering all these things, therefore, the poored upon our ears from a myriad of angry his conscience is as clear as his brain is cha- bis feeeztremicy. A letter signed by some of the Bereans not Senator Sxssioss and his companions deceive Democrats have done very well. They came Southern hearths and into Jacobs of mannerofmenourlistening ated in the insults offered to one of their numoer, forgotten their action when, eighteen months hence, very near canying the State ^mUch nearer the North we shall leam whatotic,and that hehis"confidingconstit-afiims that this renewal of the excitement origin- the themselves intooellef thatthe will have people—tbe character of resultbodies to ,thewho was sick v^ith consumption. Further diffi- culty is apprehended.people will not forget It, because their own pockets the coming Presidential struggle. The result of the world they live in, and what their, notions to depend upon this colossal act of domestic—Sdppeessiom of Poltqakt. The biH intro-The Legislature yesterday, in joint meeting, re- elected Eon. H. H. Van Dtck as Superintendentand the public Press wlU combine to remind them of in the shows,duced into the House of for ' Bepresentafivesbill was introduced unanimous consent to A byrepeal the act of 1851, abolishing Bailroad Tolls.themforless than—some weeks past, specifications were pre-shouldspectthe loud-tongued indignation, or the half- uttered scorn of all the-world beside.tto sale of the Buffalo and New-Yorkroad to the Atlantic and Great Western Company, to authorize a railroad in South and West streets,oeuvre.and Ninth-avenue, were aBBQalAppropriationbill. Thebillto^aydamages inpmred in tbe burning of Quarantine was re- pottad from the Grinding Committee complete.The Legislahxre yesterdaytook someimpor-Evening Exprett Is of opinion that the morning newspapers -are vaix lUtle read, so it their contents and then ra-passed,as was also theas well be understood at the out- set that the whole affair is a isham from be-wickedness and ambition of maiJUnd may be asslsned as the general causes of the down-fall of Governments."The practical tone and business-like direct- ingThe protracted examination of the Jacealoo,—Street Commissioner Williams, probably—Bqpi^yeateiday, and CommissionervEOoii committedon raising $300,000 from the Tribune estab-to save taxation, as from the Rail-only one-fifth of Us whole speech to elucidat-hisllcan—gain. K»- Commiesioner of Repairs and StfpUes—Jiaijt^putdicaO:—gain. *ilUmHni—Second Ward., McLau^dia, Damoeiat.to Fourth Ward-^Taylor, RepubUisaa. Sixth WaiA— Franks, Democrat. Eighth Ward—T«a Braat. Ba- very glad pnblican. Itetb Ward—GrtenrBsoioerat TarriflkWard— Democrat. FouitaaathWard—Bra- O'Ke^fe,tIi|Bptiaonar upon the charges of murder,and robbery, to await the action of the GrandHe waa removed to Newark in the custody of theU. 8. Haishal.tlte atats of religion were listened to. The ses- aiaBs were adjonraed to Monday next at 10 A. M. Bw Stock Market was active yesterday, and the pecalativeifeeling quite strong again. Price*Mayor Wood, but the City Inspector refdsed tofrom which reaped any advantage,but a fewp^jBtyn* TUrd-Presbytery4Awcll- Vine candidates for the ministry having ataoA I Mltifti Inij examination were licensed toand such statesmanlike this controversyheavyEighteenth Ward-Kalbfleiach, TOaaocrat. _,Mr. Spaxxhab, U deoted SoparvlaOT RepubUcan,totheNlnetetiBthWard.TheDemocratswClUo,mmprMo.-bysuccess they have norightto put in jeopardy ?"to the who partiesmayCityBail-decline and extinctionof the human race, it also teaches us that the igno-Williaxobject,property,a cently established a title, although tbe rentsBROOKI.YN nrTELUOBirca.Long Island EtxcTiOH.—The Charter election in Brooklyn paaaed off -very quietly la aU of the Wards. The result, so far as could be Judged by thto 12 o'clock last was as follows : tetamaup night,;the wish in are—what they are called upon to elect a new Senate. The than Republicans they had, view of Southern brethren reallywhen seen in thislfetiO|>olitan Police bill by a vote of 18 to 12. The before they infiict sp deadly a blow upon the grea^ the public sentiraeat of \}ie State on the main importance of our great discovery. A few is, and this policy the marvel that we must under discussion, prohibits the practice, andandof Pablic Instruction. The Senate passed the RoBiaTsoH, KiTCHAH, Fnao, Laphak and Abill to have made no very marked impression upon Hence the significance of Jacobs, and the that Jacobs appears the- "original" he truly the suppression of polygamy in Utah, and nownew City Hall bill was recommitted in order that pausepartiea interested for and against the measure may partif to which they belong. If they have no regard nara a fdrther heating. A bill providing for a for their own future pollttcal prospects, let them at popolar vote npon an amendment to tbe Constitu- least remember that they are in a measure the guar-tion abolishing a property qualitication in voting .dians of a cause whose success they have no rightwas introduced. Some debate arose as to the even to put In jeopardy."right of the Senate Committee of Conference on Could anything be more charmingly simpte> Batlioad Tolls to report. The report of the As- —more innocent than this? sembly part of the Committee was received Irom unsuspectinglythe Assembly. The subject was made the specisd The State needs five millions of dollars to pay order for this morning at 11 o'clock. The—and that theand weak out makes all the law liable to a persons violatingbill authorizing the sale of the West Wash-leadingfaith, and that, to decline." Wein awhish Timode the project (TartarandhjAed passedinthe75to18. That will be —Assemby, ascendancy endangered: Republicandoctrines of theRepublicancruelty,to believe this and toAlWdding stockholders voting by proxy was lost,46to46,andamotiontoreconsiderwaslaidon 8eiigt*>r8the table. The Confereice Committee on the who votes for it digs his political grave. The Baifaoad Toll bill reported that the Senate Com- money must be raised, then, in some other mittee had proposed tViot the Bailroads pay, in lieu way. How ? A " moderate tax upon railways" ofTblls, 11,301,000, which the House Committeedeclined^ proposing as a substitute to repeal the is the ^only "expedient" yet suggested, the act of ISfil, abolisbiug XoUs. Hereupon the Com- Tribune says,—and, therefore, it is the only mittee had diagreed and adjourned. After debate, one which it discusses—the only point now open a motion by Mr. FtAOLSB, that the Assembly in- " "nat on its amendments, was adopted by 96 to 4. being whether we shall be content with le vy-imder these circumstances, ever to see any certain to vote for the Republican candidate for imperative summons gracefully, gave up to his publish tbe belief with invocations of Elisha's conviction take place imder it It has aliyadyit. Again, then,appealto SenatorsSissioirs,piracyJury. lishment,proposition that the future isdollars,nobodyand whichlawyerspublic debt and the current expenses of the after, at e»- State Government,-:-" would, in our opinion," eatiaUy nnehanged rates. Wheat waalesa active. saya the Trt&une, "endanger the Republi-is about to be consummated.Bales were made of 1,600 bales Cotton at formerA contract to clean the streets is to be cannot now stop or retrace htr hellish designs "qofltations. Flour was moreCom was m good demand. Provisions attractedoi meannual excitement ^^^ movaaaattoaarttenUto.Sugars were in fair request Cof-'I'X* •? fh^Jl Md^s evralng, at tbe Pairtaehale»•• Hay. Tolmcco, and the of principal kindsThe whole argument lies in thatnut-scabbards at the call of duty will tell the HouseThe eaUta oarOils, wannaderatew dealt m. The movements in oth-enough.abelL If—own fate,the consideration that they "dig the!rST^SSide^' nominaUons.giveaof the trade wereregardnot to be deterred.Theprojectstartsby requiring^the streetsofDelegatesAT Gsimoin.—At 8*ATM DuFBBDicas a BKiXT COBB.—Hon. Howau."by being honest,—if theybeingsweptdaily,o'ciocli,S ho-tbe stable, three two-story frame boudlngs, o.nedbyMrs.BooaxbTbhs,eofNew-Yorwker,ewhoaBloji "..imated at »8,000. bulldtaga oooofof.^v PETsa Catmas, shoe-store, whose loss H **''" fJZ.soughteven if they (the designs ?) would ;" how a can supremacy in this State!" That is are to be cleaned, and what security is to ba million of swords leaping from their rustysult.restricted.will never submit,"FiBXlast night a fire bro£e out hi a stable on Uiadrawnhisnameasacandidatefor haveBO the Presi-weLegislaturehowever,thattheyare ofstatesmanshippolitical principle. piracy.Tor it isonlylightinterest on its debts and current expenses.pleasure of printing They hopedrejoicepublic necessity." libertyand that thelast of hopee;:t|butioneannot be reelectedman—or theupona lair and distinct are issue, theyquite did not fefil at libertyto declinebut at thisardice and itscunning,road interest. The whole scheme isoneandyetinifGaoaaiA—SicCobb has with, political graves"byrubicon,fightiKcrnDiABTregarddency. Ho was nominated, it will be re- prospects,"—let them remember the causeNorthern mothers, in the soft vesper twilight,Senators have nofor theirthat the South, having passed the"but will oraloneand Park-row, Chatham- die," even though the masses at the Northend in giving tbe claimants rents for thirteenyears, instead of the six for which these suitswere brought. Under these circumstances,tbeComptrollerandtheCorporationCounsel forterofFranklinaodIndiastreets,dealroving,aUthey are.to be cleaned once a loeei'— Broadway";$300,000the Presidency." coimtry what was meant for a Committee, and God," is truly something new imder the sun.sacrificed his own long-preserved incognito to We thank the Original Jacobs for his un-been found impossible to afford protection to life and property by the aid of such machineiyevery;ing upon—Why not tax banks, why not tax steam-en-—gines of all sorts, why not tax coadies, cabs,wheelbarrows and go-carts, as wen as Rail-ginningthe Anniversary of the Birthday of Washington —road trains t Why not rob newspaper offices, morrow will not give us clean streets, no'mat-Irving was commemorated last evening, at the or cotton factories, or furnaces ? Why not ter how many hundred thousand dollars may ness of this exordium prove, course,stingof SouthernIt was immediatelyfigure,consider otherthing ""considered in Com- mittee,andorderedtoathirdreading. Thebills to settle the Connecticut boundary, to authorizeof Governments. His-reported,in the us thathistory Governments,whole Why not first ?and make a clean—pared and delivered to applicants, and yetmen far morethan,of it ! a little Why could not the Republicans make as much money, and eave as many votes, by plundering some other interest as Railways isharplyexpedientsmass of theutterly ignorant of the fact that this importantlike human sys- growth, matarlty,just,§345,000 per annum for five years. The gon- passedwhich has already cost the City tens of thousands ofgoAcademy of Music, under tlie auspices of the His-torical Society. Hon. Luthr Bkadish presided,and the stage was filled with eminent gentlemen cratic ticket, or confiscate the property offrom. various portions of the country. A com- all who- prove traitors to the " cause whosememorative address was deliveredCinxKii Bbtahtv Esq., and brief eulogies Werepronounced by Hon. Edwasd Evieitt, Hon. Gn- Any of these measures would be just as legiti- the conlract. ItLIAN C. ViBPLASCK, Ei-Gov. KiNo, Prof GUEINX mate and just, as the one which the Tribune lliese sa'.ni'. spccificaiinns were prepared by the business question before the House upon and the presiding officer. The proceedings lasted advocates. There is no more reason lor tax- inthree hours, and were attentively listened to by anaudiencethatfairlyfilledthebuilding.have been recovered against the Citytliis morning a communication co&cemlnclevya tax— men who vote the Demo- uponThepurposeJacobs could never have dreamt of printingthatfor the use of suchwhich those Intereated matter will doubtless find worthy their atten-thehave been to be settled definitely for fiveg.'eatcommunityquestion yearsThe A PixiSAKi DiitJBiOK.—^Itmayjustrance, avarice,intlusbill was passed direct- its survey and sale to the City, and author- of that izing the Comptroller to settle any judgmentstoricaltotheGeneralAssemblywere groundonwhichthe2'ribuneurgesitsadop- othernames,waspassedbytheCouncilmen,but eander that we can scarce resistjimrt Delegateselaeted, ""^ zaports-from the various Churches onto But we must"struction," in requital of the circumstance thatCity. The State has a clear tiUe to inproper-bably,Sim at the SecondTeryclose. NochangeinMoneyorForeignBills. Iholattersteady—108J®108|onLondon.andbearpayinginterestonthe schemeofcorruptionwasagainrevived,andSrarxsa and B.Board,Statevention of theCommonThe clum, imder the State's between 8. G.the effrontery of the project itself, itis thetract under them to the same parties, underfelicity—ion.the other Board.jusUcei was de feated in Upder the hue-tvindicationof itstemptationNot a word ineven in extenuation ol" its baseness. and-cry recently raised against the attempt oforParty interest requires it, and that is enough.equallythedeny despotismourselves this pleasure. ty question.in the courts ofthan J""** theelty--probab)y not mere 19,0J?-To raise thisbat a DactioB off at the —to make all the of thejorlty of 114 over Joaa J. CiBf .1°^"Jf^^the Mayor, Comptroller and City Inspector to money,byequal fairtaxation, cleanthestreetsthoroughly,withouttheinter-How theUtrecht Supervisor Caopsir isr*f ""{f^.^iaii'aiproperty burdenofCouncil,'.^streetj fortlieirownfuturepolitical ton,action which will enable them to bring this long controversy to a close.Isand membered,byaStateConventioa,heldunderTheyhavQnorighttojeopardize timeseachnionth.Now,whatpossiblea call of the Democratic members ofcbana*is there of keepingIo6a,»2,000; insured for »i!,000. The ihe doubtedlv the work of an incendiary.of the party, for the indulgence liegiaUture in December last But another whimsical notions of right and wrong.rest of the City The dirti- swept oftenest, but, bythe Statevalue, itto know it It needs aU the money INJCNCTION.-Jndge CaLVMCoBTentionwascalledandheldlast est month, The Tribune evidently sees nothing wrong,—CoBunittee, Which claims the exclusive right £dltot is clearly honest in urging these trgu- enth Utoprohibitthethe success of their ownInsuredfofWoa Gioaoa theSlatehastl.009 P^"",^»waJs,u»^-,cleanby sweepingbackshandsandvoicesin'imprecationsuponnegro oughtg^^ bi. .,,<!seven Southern blood;" how "fondThe Street Job. Cleaninganto on it for the relytogetherit maybecontractor fails to cleanshall have the of optionplaidy'ikttpiim i(>the orcompellingitsperformance." If,therefore, it costs $40 U) clean a street, the contractor can pay his fines, and still make $10 by leavingthemselves rich out of it, at the expense of the comfort and health of the people of the City. To-morrow is the day for theconsmnmation of this splendid scheme..win ba bat Ilifia datadls, aod pasaaagau wfll feaannullingcontracttion is easy to JacobsTo-morrow the City Inspector is to open the the enlightenment of his fellow-citizens. Ja- veiled " programme." If the sense of shame, as tiiis, andforof the City for thethe termstreets, avenues, &c.,attemptcobs had made his speech in his capacity of the love of liberty and the chivalrous instinct suppression of polygamy, proves cither fliat" As In the history of individuals, events transpire that modulate and control their future destiny in thiscleaninghave been invited by public advertisement for begins thusproposalsBids Chairman of a Committee of the House. It of loyalty to the helpless be not utterly dead in the promoters of the bill are unwarrantablywas to come.;H Wise Movement.awarded foi-^ce years. given that they wUltheythe CortlandtjWall,partof G^fand' streetsbeing sweptThe bill itself is one that onght long ago to fuied for $1,000. Obkah Bairroi, 8""^*L;wii?tobe-ttnder the auspices of the State Executive nothing open even to suspicion, in all this. Its this plan, th are to be one-sev- Slavery and the wicked slaveholder ;" how all which belongs to it,ComMparts requireand will be much betterjunctton, yesterday,from using money to secureto Broouymu^="^»oftentbese considentUons bear jACOsa 8te»dUyThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069www.fultonhistory.comoccupiedhuntingBowerypartMaiden-lane,Whitehall andtheirhearteblackenedwiththelustfor veryproperlyurgeoughtdis-collected upon it have been bythe for ten Cityoffiv^ years.of Jacobs the conscience and the self-re-sanguine, or utterly careless about its successu In fact the absence of any provialon for tbe exclusion of Mormons from the jury box ia tbe ti^lof cases of bigamy, gives the measure very much the appearance of a party maa-to end. Tbe contract to be made to-the country!be paid under pretence of securing them.it. Jacobs would sententious had he been consciously talking tolands hitherto.We believespecifications accomplishing a profitable jobrelates to the Washington.are not framed for theof his speech when he madeIn the tion.thisbutmerelyto secureMarket to which the State has re-giveto be understood that the nation. He was bent only upon seuling:the South, tills pious patriotismworld—so It istory teachestems, have their regular periodsit is little more than a dismal record of the crimes and the calamitiesof and while»reprintsjolces in the belief that the Evening Express la themost and read newspaper ia extenalvely thoroughlymayhave been more flowery, more excursive, more this latter provisionplementthe Tract Society controversy,and a contract under of the rights and the liberty of 75,000 of or twelve years past.posing there were parties anxiousCommon CouncilingoneinterestforthesupportofGovernment themaiVRrdedtocertainpartiesattheratebf thepeopleofMaryland,andofthegoodnameof Naturallyenough1857,should an ancient American commonwealth. So Jacobs to keelp this question open still longer, and toigtti, Democrat Collector of Taxes—Vrthan another. All taxation, to beCTjnaman of the sloop Spu^, was concluded be equal. The State might just as well insist traet boili Boards, and was signed by went thus blankly to the point. He devoted protract Indefinitely the litigationopeningof of the City Charter. It was rescinded in 1858. apt to be affected by thelpresent,execute it, because he deemed it a violation ingIn 1859 the same specifications' were again developing this astounding thought he dis. be continued indefinitely.promised We arerobbery and plunder.aaaiimyssterday.attheMonroe-sticetPresbyterian Ifanythingcouldbemoreremarkablethanprepared,andaresolutionawardingthecon-playedsomuchsenseandskill,suchrhe-theywereof New-Yorkcontinued itsfoiled in their efforts to —perpetuatedy,DemocratSixteenthWard—Karfal,Demoeiat..Let us see hott be cleaned at all.the in the admlntatratloa •"»«°«"!-_|i^ changebrainonto Grand-street, of Ful- are literally crazed and mad, their fire,theit once a week ?Wey sweptonlythe cleaaest Ml, SxiiB of.oa-inupits actual posaeasionsI^rl&^Untitled Documentthe analyze his noble argument.have a majority of two m theCounciU Last year the Democrats b>d pae rn^ow to that Beard. The vote was very amal' «broagno«of earth plans our de-this same old " our institutions arraign the world ;" how the very"voiceofGoBSACHcallsfromtheearthatCarlisle, Penn., for vengeance ;"anylonger.not be resisted with any chance of a better re-Indeed, luless we are greatly mistakenin the legal aspects of the question, a reopen-ing of the judgment in this case would only ?' *if. ."""."S^tmfT'rtU be held to ralHf a asrias of;their Common crying, Long .Jive Queen Viotobiaand sengera throagh any of tbe mab artatiea of IUsit imcleaned. If it is Broadway, he can make em jubilee over the last remains ofLibertyglranto said contractorsaid contractor nor his sureties shall be liable,that wetake Jacobs' tbeword for it price greater than valna tfea aeivlew laedara^or loss sustainedor Individualsprovided, bowever, that neither for anyof eqaaljosOee, allDW a <to have the exelnatve ilalt ta < and deliver mmt, to sell (roeertas, or to pat iaastaad in Iwttie array upon "Mason and But la addition to Its being a special tax, it «__reasonThese show that provisions clearly enoughthese specifcations are all in the interest aadbycrats that they cannot.carry any New-Englandi txpiraxion <if thirty deys from the date of said aimul- Union being hopeless and the South doomed to other acta at the prlcea Mgi^ than flieir valda.andplatform and such candidates as their Southern wing threatens to impose upon them.;expenditureCity, byof« nais, Guizot, Thiers, Louis Napoleon, Victor creant who struck William Paterson, nor un- or other public gatherings. A general police system justiqe and the fraud of which be ^f^^times.allowed to attend meetings, elections, faira politicalcleariyforcibly ;—yet both thela-from its columns of :umanlier, purer Englishmay more appropriately chronicled in the gramme, tiie despotism must be very hard to present Legislature bymoney. Ifpockfct.in tact.eloquenceJacobs proves to be a political type as well as here so tersely stated, and if Jacobstic and fairat least half a millioa of dollars.But with all hisHe is very apt to fancy himself, evenandhave chance of aw»- any-when injeeted Teiritoriea upon its eastern and western aquence. To Impose a four-mill tax would. In our vorite constituents of the Sixth Ward, and is in the State, and the representative of powers us that in this scheme for annihilating the special tax upon the people who ride in GitfConnecticut,to beaddressinghis fa-the Dodo or the Omithorhynchusas a powermuch from this Maryland who assiues Solt^a,TbeLegislatureiscleariyindined tolevyaconsid- civilandsocialexistenceofonewholecaste" cars, forthepurpose reimbursingtliemo- of his fellow-creatures, and iatroducing the nopolists who buy theur votes. This is atnifgbi- At the adjouniment,,Hr. Ksitt was still spealilng amount must be Vsiaed unless some other source o/ arguments. He was not happy in his efforts Jacoes, then, the " real original," rejoices spirit ot FoncHK into the land of Calvzbt, he forward and business-like. A member de-not,therefore,alwaysasconsiderateashefiiendly to Ute organization of the new Territories. tbe canals, whlcb we cannot do, a tax of nearly that should be in the selection of his topics and hi^ eration.thanhimself,hemeritsgraveadreisely to the bilL revetme is found. The retmpoaltion of a moderate to alarm tl^e mechanics of Norwalk by the ap- we hardly know whether it is proper to say has "in view the fear of God, the mands a hundrM dollars for hia vote on aBail- Th) fiiU Tetnma of the election in Connecticut tax upon the railways, with a consequent increase of onlyeoDfinn the earlier reports of the success of the tolls upon the canals. Is the only expedient that baa parition of an array of black competitors rush- in the Christian, but certainly in ue wishes of a confiding constituency, and road grant. Tbe grantee is wUUng to pay it, B^nblican ticket. Tl^ majority of Mr. BrcsiNO- been suggested ; and the qne^on is not so much ing thither Jfrom the South, as one of the results prenominal appellation of Citbtis M. the lasting welfare of the State." We provided he can ha^e the right to get tt back Biill, tbe candidlte of that party, appears to be whether tolls shall be relmpoged, as whether they of Abolition. He was not fortunate generally He is a Colonel by calling, and by election a will believe that Jacobs is sincere. We again out of somebody else. NaturaDy tiisV aboQt 671. The Senate and House are both de- shall be so regtUated as to render possible a rednct'on in ills attempts to vindicate Slavery per se, and member of the House of Delegates of Mary- will not him and lus with covet- victim nearest at hand is the man or tte wo-—A from Louisville states that Mr. CjlS- commend it to the admiration and love of the land. and he has the value of the man, the mechanic or the 8ewing_.girl,—whoeiledly Oppoeitioa. of the direct ux to two and a half mills, or whether charge basdytheof Madison County against the Revolu-laapose— quite apt to make similar mistakes in Hie mat- new prophet Elisha, for the warning, and ifMaryland, uponproposes strongest, by of Africa areput force of— them keepdispatch toe shall be content with less than Ihiee hundred thous- By special grace inspiration ing pecuniary 75,000 nativesaiVS ^. ClxT has published a card, appealing to and dollars In gross from that soorce, anda inhabitants of Connecticut. Gen. CuShing is been furthermore elevated to the rank of a ofwhom heto ia wishes to ride. It i^imply a question of fiires ;peopletax ot at least three milla and a half.Tbts is' the question which stares the Senate in ter of latitude, and to address audiences in haply it - be yet time for the salvation of the which the Coastuphigh figure,so at topro-;In,OriginalGladstone, a sharper wit than Disbaxli, and a ticularly worth mentioning, and might be of liberty," is not pleased with this pro- any measure could be carried throofh tbeit.lulled to sleep by "ri^ttM persons vrho i^e Oie cars, »70,000 ayoungbedewingfliegraves of venettt- sorrow,"ofcaps 'CUf^ wmfli from aoa la tW*upmatter, "and livemonarchyIV' Toestablish this proposi-but it readers to follow Jacobssucceed each other in the JacobskaleidoscopeThere is no principle which makas It Jut orDixon'sUna," Jacoi^ declares the first datylocomoliga, br dilSculty Iscreasinc tfas siiiaaaiaveiyLordSiAFroBDfor thoroughness." Free negrolsm tbronghout this State must be abol-anduency" verily believe the .safety of the Souththinkthey from the "chains of British abolidoa tyranny"To cheat tbefrpm its moral effect, was the election of a. search, and replete in all that delineates the unregenerate mind even in the Patriarchal very serious one, that it contains no pro- United States Senator; and that poiot the Re- normal condition of an inferior race," and they- States, But to believe that the welfare of the vision for securing the infliction of either publicans have secured by a very decided ma- accordingly urged Jacobs to allow them the negro commands tbe dishonor of the State, the fine or the imprisonment As it stands, itscandi- weeks agoatdate for Governor wa^ largely due to his per- a speech on the "Free Colored Peaple ofihe rights which you have once conferred penalty of $500, or imprisonment for five yearsissueheavyvote of theirJacobsdelivered,Annapolis, feel it to be.poorstruck severalcal importance dppending on tiiis contest, aside of Jacobs' colleagues as " deep in historical re- negroes for profit is a common dictate of tbe The only defect of the measure is tiiesonal popularity.Thequestionof mostpracti- of Maryland."Thisspeechon them is inThis shows that the of the State peoplewill of course be left to Mor- mon juries, and we feel satisfied that no- to know that Jacobs would have disdained for its its cow- body, either in'Congress or out of it, expects,it as a "Jacobs would " not feel atteach their children to kneel with their have passed the Legislature. If;^^to the Soutii, and raise their a tiUe to lands in tiiis City of anysleepsactionowned by the State. ACitytai>tconcerning propertycertain to involve penses, and equally certain to end againstex-thep^gipvravvon Americancitizensathomebutimpracticable bythataubUe notneedeithertoplandertheraUroadaortaxpursuitinterests nor for common!'of Thecauseofthisvataata:—no wise a novel To steal or less. thing.theThat title has been duly estab-muchiscertaintobelost,bycarryingit votefor wasatie, bemgeqaaUydlvtaea Supervisorlished, after fuU investigation,law, and nothing can posaibiy be gained, whileonhowthe"North title,tobackrentsis equallyclear,RidJi. L.BBARV.--Theandcan-ThbMbbcam.« attending the choice"^<^^^r^ "'^'"'."'X^^^^«'^'"'«*!• to Uke^, withoutor sold andHmdclpal Corporation. Now, if poUtietl eiaailBroadUie fuadalaboreis aad oihan who ride la Cl^ean, than by any otbar apedal daaa.carried at tbe fair value of theTo seU this right of spaelal tax woold baand "and " "dealing,to aduce dividends of thirty oiforty per cent, andbecause nobody can afford to biiy liis vote. It needs but very littie Iniowledge ofpublicd'Thi Tbact Socirrr.—We publish in our sup-themal^aocttoD tsaervicasnadanC aof a of nnwbtthy Tiaglilaliiia apret 'a^ici mk 