 ,.MiTTseoH from the Presidency of that lustitatl""*% 9d0-gorlgftt yem-gonr ttoi; JHbog, ^ytU 6, iMtceived giatnitaos snrgical and medical treatment we bnms^t the law of ParliaBeat over with make their little arraagementa at the begin- Micate the hour that may salt their convenieDee ? andftmes. M<»K^JMP|Lr, iPML 6, iwaof this City. TheandKave '^evening, tlie OIiaiRMi aistadatat^io the opinion la maintained by all oar elemeBtary writera. eemed.hunMlflBViaevrlMlypattheAlIaaticI^« C, erwttacttcOIty ftekiOTT. Binw and Kuau itre^.powerarrangements made for traoaportation of New-Yorkunder theof the will it becomer-TOSKmot-at CTM^^rrln Tv* Om*. MrTtl Kt U3iexpediting_. kitMi,MflatInDuLABtaTur...AJISV-TOBKmeetingyesterday. A number of new membera6BAPH. PArancMtJItiJThe""^tfh^el'S^hSaCr;e of thistbe rooms beneath it ;l« I IHIllM In Ml ilfibill for Codifytag the Revenue Uws was and referred to a committee.greater thanhad supposed.or wHlinability to vote, be let alone by dishonest poU-t—SABDKH-Iuiuis iJ n Wau-Cmioiis fsi OataxM—LntuioxBoT.THKATM irju^ian tHMTMe-»«»TBKATB»-U»cia Tan's Oabdi— OUTSB Twni—MiOio Tamrear.Vntmmore or less distingniahed who assembled Ittaamship* between BaajiAinU.in Sugara at, however, rather easier rates. ««<a»ih of a poo« branches of trade exhibited no remaikable altera-byttsp^„„ BOWXBTanxious to reach distant of the usual time of arrival,in advance conunon span of humanyears. The elder to see his fnend' !OtherMTTSEUII—Atsraoaa—FunonoK—Tom last la DAsan—lTaalBg—Juan Dual.Biat*,te ^alaia(ABHIIVSlength,of in a manner to remove all doubtearly re-declinmg days, pass oftheluskof eoBsUtatloaal power, nalaai AtqjM*.IB^^*fHAtXr-laPiAaIianmoa. son OBAPKi—fiaa. Toh Taoin.Under these eircumstsaces, we confess we Htatt. Instead of being qulady conveyed to are nearly at aa great a loas to know why theasuburbofNew-Tork,sofarasthesupplyof togatherupalonethetilbntesofadmirationtion Is first submitted to a vote of the paoiM**WBBBOHK^HALL—Bato Mnrgraiu.quietly permitted tomaint^inscription,Emigravit," InTida for ber own Indians. He nrged the proposi- abatUe in the streets, and a in the Conits.*Colnmhia. What is sublime in aabsurd in a "fanatic is the last peason to whom one would go for aAcademybeingselllogoat California concenlBf these mlaa*!*i__ o(Ctali|re*tionto beafew previoas to the time of the Convention assembling.-,cans,price,•penedpricesThereWeareinformedthattheKorthGermanandliarly defenceless condition. To have the war- Rhode Island is notLloydsSonthamptonforttusportonthe2l9tult., didnot leaveonthatday,havingbeendetainedinBremen in order to replace her snaft, broken on her last ontwaid passage.Ban Francisco datea to March 16 are receivedthe Overland Kail. Trade, particularly with the-,from its bearing upon the nominations of thePerhaps our own legislators at Albany maybe gratified to read what is likely to be said ofthem, whenever they shall gratify the Stateby adjourning. It will not differ much la its cockles of democratic hearts in those backwoods 100 bbls. ateooddcred and passed. The bill in reference to -enterprising presentatives at Albany have changed all that. They can bear that good bills should perish still-but they cannot endure that a bad billwhich batn come their uponThe orders for the removal of the troops had hewreceived, and ware therefiv. preparations makingThe Pony to CallfoiBla waa met 14* bOs Expressiiasafii buildings in New-Tork was also passed,than you;with a large number of bills of minor im- {tortaaea.tocether-Co"-*" BiWif..were in demand. An active business was repottedThe Caae of Kr. Sanfeorm—Power of lie- gialatnrea to Snmmon WltMaaea.the House of the Bepresentatives possessespower to compel the atteadance of witnesses before a Committee of Inquiry, but whether it was sufficient to release a Sheriff from lia-tual cost incurred.Theyhave also decided tothe name of Jlast, ahm k. PAUtwao. Comrades wllhdrawB, and the Ball* wlU go forwaideconomical grounds. Without fartherjusL dispassionate and nnprejudiced opiniontrait of which was to extend theea^tioik and to ptevent the eiection of settlers. 'Fat aacn a measure he declared he should be ablestrength"bat not for either the Senate or House palliate faUL lb. Qira, of Kissoori, attacked the whole whole cfaMns of free landa or homeateads as mischiev-oa*,uid as aprodaet of reckless and dangeroushis ojrnSenue.byto Tote:He to the added, however, nothingrights and dnties and the power of the,prepared injusticeandtffl, and was followed byHr. Hoopib, the Mor- Bundaliigate, who threaiened that the passage ofply thought proper to adt)pt under a sense of du^. virtuallyquarter?—why heed to tbeBoaoMda from Fannisg's laland with 10,000 gaOaai eoeoaMttlwactwoDld revive theeople and the Government, which had so Ist^y WeoU,npon^theWnuaiBoa, in response to'the House resolntion,personhandcufi' him on the spot as if he were aand views of thecondition. She waa ooBdemaed aad aatiatdm the to the Committee leiisrring subjectSalmagundiit twomade itsOmtgtficulty the Republicans succeeded in silencing him,New-Yorkers and theiruponKlectioDS. TheTanffLoanbiUwastakendesperate felon, dragandlite- which Ibtino's peculiar refinement, patience,and breadth of nature exerted upon, the more vehement and less original constitution of his colleague's mind,BtU, from jMuiaalm British Colnmbla, had touctaed at Hoaolnln.ill-feelingbetween hislast night, a paper on the •' Elevations and Oepres- beenaion of the Coast of Korthem America " was read by Dr. Gishib, and a communication from the Hydrographical Department at Washington, treat-polygamy. It may very properly be commended to ously reported. This novel, which appeared in 1831' Miners were making from 92 to (S per day. Bal-of theby Mr. Thkofhilcs Fiskk. The Committee toevidentlyprogress of marine was read geography,lection of officers for thepaitari, amoDg other nominees, the name of Prof.the its advent, only twoLOPBDKVega. It\Athroughthiscityto-day. Astranger,full of blank headings of the New-York, Albaay Buffalo Telegraph Company, which he fflW ovt,B. F. B. IfoBSX for President, and Dalt for one of the advisory counsel.propertyanotherquite comprehensible. Bat Sanbobh and Htatt haimah Railroad organizingafter the telegraphic dis->n<^l»Ta operated as an frv"y^!!Z'°?i*^impediment to free navi-barrassment to the horologic inquiries of the pub'ofIt has been like the cooK-maid's eels, havelie, already^awborof the Inspector of Harbor Police. poles were drawn, some of whichconfinned it.raised within the lasik twenty years, in the learned, if not positively to like, at least com-period*am* ataock vra* fielt la the portion of CalUanda marked his own and he denly, and, like Irving, in the peace of his own eat contlgaoas, and extending to Saeraawala, dia-notice which Hr.as this, in a o'clock at Bight, seizevillage, at 9citydaysmade no doorwasopenedonthefirst summonsofof tteUMa tf persons Franelsce •adHew-Tafc,to do honor to liis memory, on the PmJe flaw, «dvertl*«d to *all oathsTuesday evening aiHiK«^i—^confessedly ateamsbipBremen,whichwastohavesailedfrom heappearedinperson,unarmed,andinapecu-forthcoming year, re-mill on all assessedin the State otCityyearsginal fecunditywith apocket aadJudgea newHighland, to be formed asked concerning it.bythe in which its Presidential vote may be waycast. But its action may be of aome impor-Raw Sugars have further advancedin the differenteanaea of scariatlevat.ol many frianda, tha Health bill now befina the Their viewa have alaoandLeglslatuie, ikvorad by tllis organization, awaitfaig ita tbhi naiiDg, U likely to become law.principaldeatit wars consomption .-.^.-its motions, or must thefaeUitaiisgto HmtioiLfrom thia so thAt City,portonily of doing so.personsAnotbcr wootoa ha* baaa fictstyS*n Francl*co. TbeLegislativeCoomltte*OBth*Iof tbe eastern of tts boondarypitched strag(^elegalsingle generalcourt;"at enonnonsunnecessary.Republicans, are stronger than the Republi-and can outvote them.'The election derives its chief importanceAlmost every man, with some noble exceptions, had'i^iapensarieaas tl>9 aaaeidblfeti-Mewdl «qf th«to-{>al« AatbwfgAtbiJbanytoVrtirib^^SeiSBii?'(BmUy) ii pnldUhsd tmy Tha Chamber of Commerce held its montWy ment was conceded inWe un- derstand that the gUn, tn point of time, is stillwethe Supreme Court of the United Statea, in man(BMiWwkl7>-nnnI>ot- todisturbtheexistingharborboundaries,andtne actionfor assault andfalse impriaonment—"" ^^ """•*;>«»«' iMawiH to (••Unnfer Twun Douua;tMBtr•••>• t* MwaUnatorTwsanDeu^JU. ^iiy ly in the day yesterday, and prices onSergeant-at-Arma. same doctrine, applied to the Common CouncilitAiu /^againIkatlKXSrOK OAIinWraU I« pabUihed onth*. went to 107. and M ssouri Sues to 88* per cent.monPleas,a short timeago, in the caseof—The overland maU coach, with BaaliiaartaMafmiyiaTariablylaatTaBs*. ABMMntokaMdtMMd to th« rablbhtnhC-Tork Central left off 77i®77t.1 he transactions in Cotton and Flour were aome- It has within tha last fortnight undergone Uontreal by 6 o'clock in the evenliig.City their meanugless stare.Death of Jamea K. PauldiBK.All who know the of Washinotoh Ib- stoiyir«r-T«rk(HKr." I Ifela•!«•Lard at- tracted more attention, partly irom ahippers. Beef,The general new* u of noapwdal"Nxw-what less extensive. The latter was held with more firmness. Wheat, Bye and Bafley were in-active. Com was in lively request. Mixed West- ern advanced. Fork and Cut ifeats were lightlyanother examination at the bands of thoroughJudge HoFntAK, of the Superior Court, in the case of Wickelbanaen vs. WiOett, and with the same result. In this last ioatance tiiebefore theMuch of the credit of this enterprise is due to the President and Directors of the Hudson Biver Railroad, who have entered into the matter with great spirit, and will rundale* to March nlghLW, .rrived at tU* *Utliwere electedthe Legislature memorializeditdegeneratesfitting sign-board ol theThe Stock market was 'O"*!'''*' ^ratherlower. IntheaftemoQ"ticiana, and be suffered to meetbecame firm, and so '^e f|aMlami^l closed.^acificratelydiscussedby oftheCom- Judge Dalt,train at 8 o'clock. The Tmcs, therefore, can truthful response ? Let OS hope for the best,-, In"•tae^-l.mter tmm theHr. F. B. Sanbosm is in some respects a posed jMr.rant read to him before he was removed was his sacred right, and to ^ndcoff him before he had actually attempted to resist was as grossand, if common rumor be true, it was anpreparationthat the officer is justified informer we receive of interest. his bounden duty to treat every in Mr. So far as it has Influence at all, the question;The will be Inat Fresnofrom Salt Lake City and Pike's Peak. From the point notfaiogusing,whether polygamic practices are enjoined HoopjtR, the delegate from U.tah, declares thatoperator operationFresh anddiscoveries ofto Vlsalla, overIn two weeks from Marchmiles17, and tohighly importanthave been made at Pike's Peak, causing extreme and consideration. The whole affair hassixtythisexcitement.Bach additional returns as reach us from Rhode conslusivelyPolygamy partPaTOK, who had " examined the'thatconservative candidate, by a majority approximat- unfitted for the duties with which theandSergeant- 'ficingplatformsvote in someing to 1,700.. In the Senate there will be 19 Re-larger{other quarter.influence in the politicalofficial duties,towards Fort Smith as rapidly as possible, so that wepublicans to 13 Coaliiion and in the House, 36 at-Arms bad charged him. Mo man ought to is a difficult and delicate problem for both par-eigU-day exprasi by _the Bnt-; Bepablicans to 35 Coalition.be intrusted with the warrant of the Senate of the United States who attempts to execate itties. If the Democrats nominate a man whonor was the delegatefame. In 1815, he issued Letters from tke Southby a northern Man—a home tour—which the futureof America will not findimportant. In 1818, he attempted a still bolderterfield route.can get Northern votes outside the rigid ranks of intoxicating liquors, authorizing the sale of the in such clumsy fashion in the night and of the party, they run the risk of losing South-In the State Senate, the bills relative to the sale——fromUtah bonest. Mr.Pbtorwascorrect quiteinassertingihattheMormoncanondoesnotre- cognize polygamy, but he omitted thn perusal ofFr» Utak aad Plke>B Vealu ABBIVALOPTHEOVEBLAHDKAIL—THITB0«H—LEAVING UTAH IXPOBTABT GOLD DISOOV-BnSaloand New-YorkandCity Railroad, incorporatioE the Dyckman Library, were passed.circumstance of violence ern bunglingaim at the seek to conciliate con-with Thebill relative to the State Prisons was andoutrageIf the— ifimportance.The only busi-roadTolla. The billwasmadethe 'more. Supply specialnot to recede from the Senate bill relative to liail-mayand in 1822,to-day.mayerecting Highland County, and amending the manner in which the arrest was effected, ofdustG. W. TxACT, from Salt Lake City, reports bodaaaaeverysupport.Republicauanot discusseaanThe train is to leave Thirty-first-street at twenty minutes past 8 o'clock, and is to reach Albany In time for City aa a legislative body, was elabo- the Western train at 7i, and the Northernuntilbusinesswhichthepolitical FunkspracticeinSanbobh had to resist. Hishisenormous price. If It could not be, paid In the hard cash, eecuie prospectire profits were just as good."rather but quiet,bornSenate, except giving themselves a fleeting once killed shouldthe story of the Swedesout, 13 hour* from St. Josephs.Much excitement existed at Denver In eonseqneeee:butithad,nevertheless, and was dis-ourtwo partiesfor thePresidency. large enoughInto createLard la Inactive and I^mos, oochaoged. RiceIsfinm.wttaaveryany greatAmericaa,atItc;w^vm« WUl common oU answeras. legiaiatiTec"Mu~toQ^nw, ^^.^that '^ingot$herthM»at thetbe purpose of lubricaUoa of its pivotstreasury ? WiU iu hands always move forward, talityiB leti(in,1tr.'TAVU>iB«^ IMtai^i'i4''Atthe meatinc of tke Saidtair AaaodaUoo, last herited the powers which It bestows, tfi^y roU them the better it win be (br<airofm- aad wh^ala be dravm from a tan in tke public versible law, i* the oidainad vdiide af ia firmed by the Oomts. Theto punish for contempt by arreat and imprison-Eipaass TaAor.—Wemen- shsmefal retrograde mevementbrought againat theit, byvirtueofitsforanto be discussed at someof the two wasand fellow-laborer, tbe partner of hisbilityescape^an op- This train will make thedestinedt^n^BaenaaioD, the subject was Md aside, and the<HooMatead d^wte was resumed. The amendment<rfbrad b; Mr. Fitch, providing for the retention may be wortii, aa well as for the sympathy so effisctually as in being allowed to fight his any case in which he has been professionally Spring was laid on the friend whom Autumn hadveryFor all this notoriety, h9wever, whatererit and'SASBOBN,moreover,jpartiaanahip.•ifomenta previously nrged against the measure.Mr. BanitAir, from the Committee of Ways and * that the Democrats have the majority in the KeUM in the House, reported the Post-office Ap- apprehensions with regard to both the one State. Both partlea will doutiess draw more fiairiation bin. lb. NaLSoa then resumed and and the other we feel quite satisfied, but we Hseftilemtdtis speech in favor of the Utah Polygamy give him credit for being honest in hia views,by Goremment of alternate quarter sections, was which theraiected. Mr. Baowa, of Hisaissippi, referred to a bill he had to offer aa a sabslitate, the distinctivehare bestowed on he him, is,— Park natu-i wasmadeforthestreets fromnaailreveryIin ourof pre- misconduct of theIndebted to the:;he had attainedpublic opinioa, entirelyapower to secure convictionon Thursday morning" and al-gross deputy Sergeant-at-Arms and his assistants. can excuse orreason ofunto fourscore years, he died, as Ibvino died, sud-the and atown, quite panic fbr a time ptevaUsd.acknowlege,moreover, that he is aNotiiingcondemn the accused have made the mostwhich their was marked. We differ tn toio from Mr. Sanborr, both with regard toimpression upon mind,is rarely inclined to see any extenuating ctr-tuiUsg the equanimity of the Legi*Utan la **!*. TBOK. TBI sandwich ULAXUa.Tbe latest news received from the Baadwioh Is-lands Is to the 22d alt, but tbe news Is anlmpartaat*StatliUes pabllihed In the Polfnesiii show the aM^the extreme brutality procedureThat he is laboring tuder gross mis-licans are in a minority, it does not indica^and for pursuing the course which he hasCome to man's estate, -Mr. Paulding removad to Hew-is aptrisk, it is but fair to allow him to monopolize all the glory.Tke Bhode laland Eleetton.The result of the Bhode Island election wasearlyhome.Mr. Paulding was bom in Dutcha^sS&unty, inthis State, on the 22d of August, 1779, and in the very crisis of the great war ot/the Revolution. The red-coats disturbed him injus cradle, his iiun-lessons from thean unqualified triumph for either would havepracticalissue,thandiced Why did not Qov. Moboan youth of Paulding were/passed, and where he opinion. ap-in that or, ratbar, did he seem* to have received;nfaatever scholastic andvra* worth only 40c. per iMiaheLbaen aztingniahed. The substitutes proposed byIfaasis. BBAaoH and HcCLKBaAKD were aucces- man, a man of education, a citizen re- In the Republican Convention there was quite ready, made up? This is the only point on though not, as now, of the nation and fell at onceahviy pat to vote and rejected. The bill finally Lspected by his neighbors, and engaged an animated contest between tke radicals and;which we have censured his action, and it is whose elder brother had marriedMiaaa 149 yeas to eo nays'. Hr. ofby Sickles, in the pursuit of an honorable call-Hasr-Tork, clumiagto spaak to a privileged ques-tko, laCsned to the contest for his seat, and pro- ing. To beaet the hooae of auch a—the conservatives, ^between the BepubllcansFAVLDUie'ain the manufactore of oil.The sh4>ph>g new* a^braee* Qie attlval at 1dMM and commentedhad eaoaed to be served upon him. After some dif-paregeneral principlesParty, had aome fears of its Abolition tenden-cies, and some sympathy with the American- ^a Legislature haa just adjourned, and its de> ism which still lingered in the State. In thQ.> parture is greeted with the following pleasantluluwbale^ilp Bitenia, of New-Bedfaid, ta»peaceableattempt result the latter were entirely diacarded. The JOT, of Ulinoia, made a violently radical speech on to place him in a carriage by main ultra men of the party carried the day, andap in Committee of the Whole and Ur. Lavs- ing-gown ;slippers,the Slavery issue. A portion of his remarks force, without producing warrant, ornominated one of their representative men,COXXEBCIAL AND BRIPPIB«.San Fa^Bcisco, Friday, March IS—Nooa.caused great eidtemeat among Southern mem-Toncbsafing any explanation, was a pro- for Governor. Mr. Fadxlvobo,Arrived, 13th, ship B. L. from Kew- Metcclf,ban.- For awhile a collision seemed inevitableThereupon tha the Democraticown candidate.bef n matked more byYork steamer ; 16th,Orizaba,fromFaaaaa.day at Washington to consider finally the vexed questionof(heplaceforholdingtheapproaching reprehensiblebyPemocrata,aidedConvention. Itwasdetermined,aftermaturedis-cusaioD, to adhere to Charleston ; and the Com- pretext for resorting to itmittee to meetinthat adjournedpen " At a large trade sale of staple dry good*, 79 V<the war of 1812 with a satire entitled "John Bull and Brother Jonathan," vthich will be read as a study of American manners and feelings in tbe early and captious days of our National In.;corrupt,In-but the orator moderating bis tone, closed his ceeding which nothing can justity. It is utter- othcra and seceded,than thethe blush of honest IncignationSailed, Mth, ship Swmalra, for Valparaiso ; Ua, Novier, for Callao.pUl^pkwithoutduturbance.Hm Democratic National Committee met yester-accepted nominee, Hr. Spbaoux, as theirtriguingindefensible from beginning to end, and ought not to be tolerated. It is made all the morehis cheeks"TheregulartradeiadaU. TranaaetlaB*anlaoatlrlytinglingthe fact that it was Therewasnottheshadowofa--"-^his ownnumber of appearance, bearing withhimhim out in his dress-andinhall,Pennsylva-euloginm by the Philadelphia Inquirer:"Both Houses of the Legislature have adjourned, and for that one act we tender them onr hearty thanks, for never In the history of Pennsylvania has ai50,000.The whalers Gecrgt WatUnffn, KtfuUic,aad Aaurican were in the port of HoBidBla.The Hetker merchantsUpand simple and those who,acceptingtheprecisely the point which the Tribune finds it convenient not to touch.sister.In January, 1807, under the almost nominal sn-of theHis efectiom shows that theentirely byAmericaas,OldWhigs,andConservativemeasurs,speculations Sngara,been frequently con-or at miglh turn back. In hnitation of the tion 1* man m»m\mitself lAkOa Trjiiiyfcof the House AJroiBSon vs. Do«k, bywhole country between this and Albany merelymachmorefortanatemanthanMr.Tbaddiusmaun AM)o»-<tio»M OM»»rt mmwm. WasIungtoB, quietly produced before the Senate, Massachusetts Legislature wishes to meddle enterprise, and affords a striking indication of grave not less worthy than the grave of Albcbt the neighborhood of Creeeeat City, IM Mofts rt*^solicitude on either side as toweresold, at$2®42M; Whisky,it was a Be-not a Democraticpublican defeat If it shows that tha Bepub- that his own action has led tovictory, thoughciipistancus, unless' he is wrong.to confessRepublican— An Epitaph in Advancb. ^Thepervision of Willluc Ibving, the firstleakyauction for abontand it isperson any orforbiddenintheMormonreligiouscreed. Mr-tion.ion will lead both to gold Sasbokn's position with all possible respect Rhode Island elect— partiesCity writes that they rapidly.andifthatbodywishestohave samein The Bacheoodsmen, a poem in sixproved playfor this stake, to make such nominations"Fresno,known as a resolute and a Fort Tejon, which is within one hnndred miles of>itself,afterithasceasedeithertoconntry, was dnIL As an instance of that fact, a an outrage as was ever committed in the name tance as an index of the probable action of the character of their public acts. It must York of 1812 was, of course, er»chanted with the vado, ex Reynard, ani SI do. New-Or-ale of dry goods is mentioned at wiiich 75 per of Law. other States. The same influences which havebe highly gralifying for public servants to car- ry back to their constituents such warm ex-pressions of general contempt and disgust aswork, and for a time Mr. Paulding quite eclipsed leans, ex Good Hope, wsre sold at lle.4IXlc. Crashed has beencent, ol costs and charges wss realized. TheCommittee of the California Legislature havingunder consideration the proposed change of the rant, in such a case asHhis, is to secure the in Pennsylvania, New-Jersey, and many otherbi^friend,inthepubliceye. Hefollowednpliis depressedbyoperatorstoraaeh " late arrivals, and 700 bbls. sold from first hands atTheonlyobjectoftheVice-Presideat'swar- manifestedthemselvesinRhodeIsland,existeastern boundary of the State so as to include the attendance of a witness before the Senate. large and important States and if ;shouldtish Fiddle,' issued in 1812 ;himself to the notice of the political leaders of theday—and particularly of Mr. Madison—by a dealers operate with very little eonfideoee, aad ateWashoe Silver mines, had reported Sdversely to He is not actually guilty of a contempt, so as be combined in the same manner, they woidd aach Action, regarding it as unconstitutional un-are embodied in the quoted.paragraphhaveSeptember, vember, and11'ic.In Decembernext Theloaa the people had approved it at the ballot box. to place him in the position of a crimi- probably lead to a similar result If the oldentitled The United States and much discouraged by the unaadsfactory eaadittoB of Eng- trade with the counby. Little can be done with aayCrowds of miners continued to riish to Carson's nal, until, on being produced at the bar, Whiglsm, the Americanism, and the RepublLValley. Advices from the Sandwich Islands ex-tendtoFeb.22. Statisticsrecentlypublishedhestillrefusestoanswer.SothatthecanconservatismoftheotherStateashouldvote InthecourseofthedebatesontheAnti-Polyga-dent,SecretaryoftheBoardofNavyCommis-—showed that 1,612 births and 2,291 deaths had oc- smallest possible amount of force that with the Democrats, the RepubUcans eould my bill, in the 'House of Representatives, both the sioners. From this office he was subse-cuned in the kingdom during 1859.The Central Overland Mail brings later advicesis necessary to take him to Washington is all•supporters and opponents of that measure seam to bsve been hopelessly befogged upon the simpleadvanced to thatofmany yearsTheCaliferalaTelegntph. K2TBNSI0N OP THI LINC ACBOSiB THI PLAin.scarcely expect to carry the Presidential elecNavy Agenttheywe12!<c. deliverable In 12;^ la No- October,whateverIsland confirm the election 6f Ur. Spbaocti, the comings may be, Mr. Silas Cableton is totally vote,—previded it can be done without sacri- called the Mormon Bible," averred that jie could Paulding never exerted any very commanding An office on the Missouri line will be opened atSanbobn's short-suchas willsecure thisadoptaThisfind there no word recognizing this tenet of belief. Neither of ihese gentlemen was right. The mem- ber from Virginia did not read his copy of Jo Smith's Bible with care;His Springfield to-morrow, and the lln* win be exteadedwhichits lawful orders respected, it will do well to servative votes, they are threatened with the oversets Mr. Hoopeb'S declaration in the most1BIE8 AT PIKE'S PXAK.Atcbisoh, K. T., Thuradsy, April S.onechapter,ness of interest at the evening session was a vote see that they fall into such unworthy hands no loss ot German and other votes which be summarv manner. -thus;order for to-day in the Assembly, The bills sub- But however strongly we condemn thehave no doubt whatever. What purpose those who sympathize with Johh Bbown propose to serve by refusing to obey the subpcen^ of theresult,ofstillmorepositively/oritdsit,whichconstant vade mecum ;made the special order for.neither future historians noridizing the Albany and Busquehanna Bailroad,Statotes relative to alienation by deed, were re- the rightfulness ot the proceeding itself we out a bill would die, but ourthey —and"Inthe BookofJacob,"authorizededitionof"the Book of Mormon," the following passageoccurs ;IiOK-relling in Albanr*Time waa that when the enacting clause wasThe caae of BBKSKAaU. Booth, arising out ofthe Glover slave rescue, two years since, refusestobequieted. Thelatestphaseithasassumedis notoriety,weconfessweareunableevento fusetheirsuccessorsthepleasureofkilling causeofthisobservanceinkseplngthiscommand- ofNew-York.Ithasthemeritsofpatrioticearnest- miningdistrict. Intbeleadnuggetpiecesofqaarts;the service of a writ of habeas corpus upon the conjecture. They may possibly disapprove of In it once more.would be atistical Society, which was held in Clmton Hall Investigation now sitting ought never to have now they do from brown-stone fronts, our record, this is tolerably clear testimony against to tbe past, was more keenly taken and more vigor' Work In the Gnllesmlne IsgeBerally naaasad.TTnitod States Harshal, in whose custody Bootb the Senate altogether, and may be fuUy satis- ble Western custom, derived from thoseness, anddegenerating into the trivial, which are the most a thing heretofore onknosm la the hlstsry of ladehas remained, and the refusal of that officer to obey the writ.primi- tive times in which men helped each other tothat the "Book of Mormon'' isfeatures of Mr. Paulding as an au- mining.The average yield on the Gonad load i* $IM t* thabut asin existence, and the Committee is actuallyappointed;longas the Senate ishaveinto a Mutual Assurance Company for thesitting, we cannot for the life of us see what ispassageof bis co-religionistsa tax of one The Citt Hall Clock. ^At last clock has side, and whose voluminous versions rival the ori-grants had commenced arriving.An iBgealsB* Swindle.SELLING TELEOBAPHIC l«83A0Eg AT WHOLHALK.I incwhom had been referred the question as to the se- power of summoBlng witnesses. morning three billsrefuse it on constitutional grounds. They County, bythenameofit come from?calls and amoimt. He was aueslad Ihia'Delaware, alreadyto be gained by con'esting its claim to the of, their own — wherebyoneto levyingEngland, Germanyand all the world be-If obedience were refused on moral grounds,C. P. too, the course of the recusants would be New-York' in aid of the Albany and Susque-Albany legislatorsthemselvesforever, and so re- accordance with a venera*staykilledcummauomebt they observe to keepcaricaturedbyof theof the secret lead In the Gragotrfied that theAt the meeting of the Geographical and Sta- better without it, and that the Committee of log houses, instead of hindering each other as accepted by the Latter-Day Saints as their sacred thor. The Dvtchman's Fireside, mother giaaceta' cord of dirt and rock.countrygreatdealConsideringconspicuousorganizedof all measures which have no meritsthe notice of the honorable gentleman from Utati, whose acquaintance with the theological literaturelimited.became very popular, was translated into French by the indefatigable M. Dkfaucos-pret, a very hawk upon the wing, forever hovering over the lit-erature ofof Voltaire orwas translated.of course, into Dutch also,and we be-lieve into tbe Swedish, Danish aad German as well.Westward a novel with fictitious and oolleetod Iran oae;are the questionsXhsTammanyHallDemocraticGeneralCom-ailtta*inat laat 'evening, and organized for theyaanby wslefting Isaac T. Fowlxr, Esq., Chair- shelter themselves tmder the common Uw from portions of Ulster and Orange Counties Is it of Connecticut growth, and did the Mayor Kinqsliy'S more fortunate and powerfol romance;pass. Yesterday—Hall. The suddenness of5. remarkable swindle has been practkadobtained a man. All tlia eonlestsnt cases were settled with and the Constitution. But what the com- and a third, known as the Anti-Rent bill, alter- purchase it in that industrial clime, thus render- The Puritan and his/Daughter ; the Tales of a evening.the exception of (be Eighteenth Ward. For that a mon law and the Constitution say on this, or ing the Revised Statutes in regard to the ing his political mission there none the less time- Good Woman by al/oubtfid Gentleman ; <md thelargeSpecial Committee waa appointed. After appoint- on other can be learned from alienation of — with a view to 1 If he didn't, how came it to make its Book St. ]iU|| a Committaie to prepara an addreaa, the Com- any point, only property, favoring serving ofaa the reached the Courts of law, and they have, over and the Anti-Renters were pasaed in the House. appearance just great missionarywe the A BAILBOAD TO PIKB'S PEAK pltOJ«OT»D. believe, *^taeThur^'y-;^adjooniad. Kiai faida madehome ? If, while attending to his own political fortunes in another State, he still cherished in on* Menanxious to clean the over, pronounced the position in which Htatt, Each of these bills bad been previouslyatreets of the City for the next five years were Sanbobn & Co. have entrenched themselves to "killed ;" they were revived simultaneously,opened at the office of the City Inspector at noon. be utterly untenable. The English law of Par- and oame to life by almost exactly the same little comer of his heart a kindly memory n the fasU^n, of Bctbaud's Jerome Paturot ; Three different parties, among whom was Mr. E. of his deserted home and her crying needs, and the Traveler's Guide or New Pilgrim's Progress, A. SiUTB, the proprietor of the atreet-sweeping liament is clearer on this very matter than on vote in each particular case.by partleaGothajH, a satire in theofvein, thoughPlke't Peah, with'^L!!^*^purchasedmachines, offered to do the work for |300,000 per any other within the whole range of its juris- We do not know that we ought to express hearts to soften toward him, while a single tear ot on their travels are set forth andaimum. Patbick Ltsch, Lttki KizaAK, John diction. The of both aouRxi and John Smith worth power600 a year thought it |229,- ment to summon;and if the sureties which they offer witnesses,to arrestthem if sort introducedinto the State Government.therefrom a partof the dust whichmunicipal authority and a volume of ;American Comedies, The caseHouses of Parlia- the least surprise at seeing legislation of this gratitude rolls down our cheek, and thus waahes aI^fetheycommenced at the inrfance or disputed before any tribunal. All the Courts by which they seek them. And the people,CommlMloners under thedivided into timeTiffany and 'Sperry, as effectually as "Tamtnany,rtjolutlonsofthe Jlew-York,wpre fnnnrlI?»f2lv"'*J'"'P®"y '^"' destroyed is estima'ed »' •i,»uo. The fishermen, of course, nte inli'^Mozartand thedivide them?direction have solenmly About 100evidentlya writer than an author, Mr. Paulding ran overinto Mr. offloe* into all sons of compositions, and carrie.l and inviting him to resume the dnties of that;of Mr. <» w prove satisfactory, they wiU receive the award. they refuse to obey, and to imprison them if Oar representatives have long since thrown neglect has suffered to shower upon us? Will the qamposed by Mr. Paulding, in company with one HE IS I-NVIIID TO BESUIE tsb PBMumigyyJ^Z^thLlf^^'l^ shad-poles from the bar- they refiise to answer, has been exercised from off even the pretence of public spirit, alike in new clock give us a different time from either of /Of bis sons, and published in 1847, we have before ®THE BASK OF CENTEAL HBW-TOBK. UnoA. Thmsday, Aprils.Herald, of this contains 4s The tJtica morning,^iSSflSS',^ ''*•=? ^"^ »> defiance of law, time immemorial, and has never been doubted the ends at which urn and m the means the other public tlials, and thus add a new em' us the avowed results of Mr. Paulding's longpoliticallywithin 500 feet of the North Rivet piers The case of Howabd vs.\Qo?am, before the paratively to endure, the process of being Will sudden elevation to a high position atXhe City all the thoroughly positive and emphatic quali- jlr. Matksob has not yet signified his aoceptsace.nanl-but no to resist the officars attemptChamber, \ and the Speak- skinned. But we do beg leave respectfully toers warrant, in » case precisely suggest that the sessions of the Legislature render it unworthy of public confidencfe ? When vitiated very early in his career by the mania similar to Sanborn's, was\^declared to have would be shortened, and matters generally " the governing class" want the polls closed early for " strong writing " which prevailed in the earjyExchequerHall affectthe clock as it does huaaan officials, and unbanpily, ties of his character. His style was,la Tlrglaio- Arrest or a KIdoIpper Ap:n ».Noaroix, Thorsdsy,The BuUah schooner Mice Rogers, ot ot.wasI>«ulDg the month of March, 1J,«2 persons re- been legally issued and- perfectly valid. Ih»t much simplified, if the golons of Albany wouM or late, will they be able to bribe th6 City clock to days of American literature and between whichThomas M. Tryniski 309 South 4th Street Fulton New York 13069tUntitled DocumentThi NEwgPAPBB tioned yesterday theIPM^!«Bgf municipal charmed memory of Ida coadjutor than tothemorning newspapers into the interior.Inauspices fine,present admin- taintedwiththefirmly in it* own snd independeat beantyNEWS BY TELEFBOM TBxAsanriL or tbb OTisi.am>streMft.be la'd upon the breakfaat-table of its Albany gratitude for the removal of those boardad loop- Briggs vs. McKellar, and atrongly affirmed. aubscribers, and will be aerved at BoSUo and holes, which for a long time have turned on thaShIppiBi amd CmmmmrdtM. MzLOT'sSufmr.'rknndBy.^riflk'rdealt in, and were tending downward.Bice, Molasses, Coffee, Hay, Tallow and Whisky question Court was, not whether the train at but little more than half the ac-viNO's life must have missed from the circle ofIn coBseqnenee 'of the eoosoadatlana car with the run single passengertrainas weU as contemporaries, tlieSalmagustii had outUved together therectlyveryimorning newspapershla rights before in the Sanborn affair, as to known why San- the rapid advance of New-Tork journalism in Dnaia to bear thetoken of that life ofBoneflaeSTnrlaimsnf200 poonds, have t>een broncht to a*a rxaaolaca Oaaconsigned to bobn refuses to obey. If he chooses to makeoftaken U stated to be weUhaving been easily traced (n over a mUa. «and thena tolerably comfortt^Ia prison, he iiss managed a ridiculous display of contumacy, it is hispure copper. The vein from wUek tksy wata deiaed, tlw ~.t...»»|Mempty benches,nAT.T.»gT_»...»«»orPAnmaaa. tothrowConcordintocoBvulsions,havehim- ownaffair, though we could wish him ThbCasbofCBiHifiHS.—TheTribunevindi- oftheuniversalspiritofman.I-BCBXR—Kmc Braaivar—)(•>& «> Kara "- "-TtflB.quietlyinterest and importance.OUUIrRBBKr, Ka. M^WaBua'a Ika SAiLnr af Oa Panaiaaa.to have beenday in the Senate, Mr. Latham moved as an native town—crowned with the honors of a it may legislate for the whole Union, ean only would probably have been equally explicit and which onmassacre of Indians In that caaaoa'a v.vjxr.NEWS OF THE DAY.The latest aaws from the Canon mine* i* bat a tepetltlan of former acconata. were flocking thither Is large nambers,8Bdb scarce a stretch the full bench of the Supreme Court cuse for sending the State Attomey-Oeneral quoting the opinion ot the District-Attorney of fancy to say that he lagged behind only longenough to gather up and bear to his more illustri- ous Iriend the grateful homage of their commoncountry.Tuesday night name of Ibviho, at theLegislature, and solemnly discharged by his folly furnishes the Legislature with no ex- to postpone the execution of«Caiianns, by cede him in death as in life, itcantry.While the unfortoiiate Htatt scurity,into Court to maintain the absurd that he propositioain ob- Sanbobn is the hero of the day in liisisThe Indian Apptopriadon bUl coming up yester-amendment, that California be permitted to pro- triumph over the XTnited States, achieved after " inquire" of the inhabitants of the District of emphatic the other way. A prosecuting officerpiningoiigbthqng.If the coun- that the Senate of the United States, though sel on the other side had been consulted, heTallay tfvar PMfiasessionwicked preteat. Every good citizen feels.pay anyrepre-which sold at atentton to many Islands In the North FaqMa, iwhen he thinks of their No proceedings.maAst fisrare morefor they have not forgotten the commaad- ment of tne Loro, which was given onto our fathers, that they should bsvs save it were mu wife, and eon- cv/mu I ihet tiMuU have none: and there sBould not be wboedomB commuted among them. And now thisacter of novelist that the name of Paulding is best known, and in this character that he is mos* likely to be remembered. Konigsmarke paintsbe-ment, the Lord Godvrlll not destroy ihem, but will be mercliul to ihem, and one day they shill become a blec;ed people."isappeared uponpatch of Ita unfortunate predecessor, has taken thepublicquitebysurprise. Many Where didHo,has since been robbedo£/kehtuckylife, which signed names,skins,righteousdi- who are ofpoints will havejointauthors ciAe Hall 8taaa>dd]i Coa^taay'* riaamar.;wherefore,discoveryaNaw-HATxa, Conn., Thar»day. Aprilthe municipal present, ought not our wheiiein^he follies and foibles of BritishRepublicansrefoim,istration ?prevailing mnnicipal dishonesty and corruptionto athe gazeofthepublicwithalookofintelligentand «»«»erBlNew*-Thenown and the neighbor of hisaway into the hush of a tranquil Autunin night,andipaaat-la concerned. It is a bold and respect which ail were so eager to shower upon ann|i|iiii SBrinnllailaalHi"genias which symbolizes soundying destinyTheSixthInfantryhavebeanerderadtoITaiahnMI self solemnly commiserated by the State a more useful kind of excitement ; but cates the course of Gov. Mobgah in revising, But it Pauldino made way for Ibvinq to pre- Bay by Gen. Cuaa, on aeeonnt, probably, a(|lh* latewell in its earthly immortality thedependence, longstinggood deal doing in a quiet way, and the tewleney Is upward. In Spirits, 300 ocUvss RocheUelu-aadlaeofnotbagmenscourgedof Washington, of little force Of as fast as possltile.The echoes of the eloquenttloni were aetiva lorextracting allver ban tha ore. Newdlicovarad, prices. Thef— ican in no be aerved com;eming the extenuating circnmstances of led its calm, laborious when the hand of thelaareas*.way days, An earthquake wa* felt at Caiatm City OB flw IM,'lastingbattle shigle-handed. As he incurs all the engaged. He has just been doing everything spared. Jam as Eiaxx Paclpuio died at Hyde were shaken from dielve* la stores. Ain hisrally enough, the points of evidence which though byBut these bearparties by Trinity, propoitlon to his anonymous productions. Ratherliterary life.anhardly adequateDirectors of the Bank ofCsotral rescinding their action fbr the removal afmonarchyseas,or torejoice'iheeulogies were wreathed about theof Music, had barely reached the quiet nooks in which his heart had taken auch delight, and where hi* life hadlaid cat, new nlaa*berof birth* in the UngdoiB last year to has* haaa presiding Judge clearly proper ily l>eing forced to take refiige from invaders 1,«12, and tbe death* 2,M1. Tbs vrhaat feop laat year authority to appeal to for a reliable, unpreju- in Westchester County, where the childhood and wa* excessive to the smonnt of 90,000 bubds, aalTheis the theregular education he /wer enjoyed.genUe- cumatancrs under which the canvass opened. ciates, on the ground that his mind was al- York, then, aa now, the City of the Empire State, are covered with coooannt trees, and It waainculaated.Our readers will probably remendier the cir-refuse tosentations of the Judge aad of all hia asso-good profit. TU* was ealli^ st- i" overthe " effetegeneral tfoor from the preceding. Public cabins where alone it would now be likely to find 47Hc. IniSln, Rum and Alcofadl, aoQing wasdoiag;opinion is very nearly unanimous in regard to an audience for its own sharp sake. The New- of No. 1 Chlaa, at »c ;'pated that an extensive and hiorative trade — into intimate relations with Wabhihotoit Isving, grow up by tmnlng this native prodoetloa teinquiringaspiring youngfortimes. The wholesome influenceis sensibly marked in the papers which Padldinocontributed to this collection. Left to himself^ theinfant who had been put to flight by Sir WilliamHowe's royalists, turnedInstinctively in hU man- confined to la —rarythehowever beneficial, could stand the slightest ehancs hood upon these premature enemies, and Mr. Paul which continue* quite active. Caadle* wen »»"'i»e19c. ofparsing,unlessbyprofuseexpenditureofmoney. ding's wasconsecratedtothechastisementof Infairqnantitlesat AnthraciteCoal'b^t^la-ci*tfirst "hit" with a second, The Lay of the Scot' ISJic. The ReBnery has contracted with the tradePOLTSAMT FORBtDDXN BT THE MOBMON BlBLE. pamphletland. In 18\i he was named by the Presi- article unless in speculative requesLinIbvinq in Knickerbocker's Hiatotyand then broughtfor about 2C0 bbls. Circle A. at 12;ic. dellrerabl* laquentlyat New-York,finally, under Mr. Vaii Bdben's administration, are extending the line towards the east Itwhich he held forSt. Loins, Thursday, April f.andwas called to the Cabinet as Secretary of the;is a of the Mormon faith." Mr. Navy. This was his last political preferment side ofand, although alwaysdlsgusting_larrago devoted partisan of Democratic principles, Mr- Fort Yuma, by the ml'^dle of May.world.did not distract him from the pursuit of literary may soon have anotherhistorianaltogetherun-flightcantos,present readers can be expected to make The Central Overland Mail and Pike's PeaktheirafterSketchhe came forward as a novelist in Komgsmarke, orarrived tblsSalt Lake City to the 17lh March,an ofwhich Englandhadinterval Oldproduced"Behold, the Lamanltes, your brethren, whsm yere- ha e. bectuse of their filthlness and toe cursings Old Times in the New World.^ It is in his char dull, and matters quiet In the City.A and TheNewMunchausen,Expressafternoon,bringingdata*fiaai aad$16,M»|B|aMbefore the disease had hadtime upon him. And as style, by an ancientaa a* the Waahoa mine*, rqwrt advaraaly, on Oety. These specimens yielded from t> to a per aaaLCI British outrages of all sorts and kinds. He of cost and charges were realized. Provlaida* a>*rrapaiv' eiacttag aucUaary «f-^rt» ig,several seconds. Itwa* aossvamlThe schooner Matilda arrived at recentlyare fiirly maintained.were sales of 92 hhds. Robbin*' Baaoa, at 15c.; 400 halfbhls. extra clear Pork, at tlia$U3S; UOabla. do., at $22. Hams are doll. Butter b somewhat la- proved,- sales of SOO' firkins of at Kite.of a kind of deliberate not seldom rock encased in scales or leaves of gold were fooad. vivacityof/itstitular Mr. rights bymadeto two dollars on each. He manyNichl^as, complete,catalogue of Mr. Paulding's works of fiction. IfLlAvaHWOiTM, K. T..Mr. Gbbbb BUS8ELL, of Russell's ^«^^to these we Tales adc^^the MerryThree Wisea force of M m«. ployibythe Council of this «"J,*:,''^';iiel100do.tiHc; pore Spirits, at 40e.«^^^^^^ Kaaaaa Nevra.*mall *als* lU hbda. Kaseo-;ragalar'. www.fultonhistory.com 